<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1758766_0001758766-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14311846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>364300</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2372028</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4331556</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3701578</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3319287</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001758766-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216182240
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001758766-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STEM, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001758766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				264466193
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39455
		FILM NUMBER:		23639766

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CALIFORNIA STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 937-7836

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CALIFORNIA STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Star Peak Energy Transition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Star Peak Energy Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Roaring Fork Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001758766-23-000009.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 stem-20221231.htm
 10-K

stem-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 QUARTERLY TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 for the transition period from ________ to ________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction 
 of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices including zip code) 
 - - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion. 
 
 As of February 9, 2023, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 , 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

STEM, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 2. Properties 
 35 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 38 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 100 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 100 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 101 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 101 
 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 102 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 102 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 103 
 Signatures 
 105 

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which include any statements that are not historical facts. Such statements often contain words such as expect, may, can, believe, predict, plan, potential, projected, projections, forecast, estimate, intend, anticipate, ambition, goal, target, think, should, could, would, will, hope, see, likely, and other similar words. 
 Forward-looking statements address matters that are, to varying degrees, uncertain, such as statements about financial and performance targets and other forecasts or expectations regarding, or dependent on, our business outlook; the expected benefits of the combined Stem/AlsoEnergy company; our ability to secure sufficient and timely inventory from suppliers; our ability meet contracted customer demand; our ability to manage supply chain issues and manufacturing or delivery delays; our joint ventures, partnerships and other alliances; forecasts or expectations regarding energy transition and global climate change; reduction of greenhouse gas GHG emissions; the integration and optimization of energy resources; our business strategies and those of our customers; our ability to retain or upgrade current customers, further penetrate existing markets or expand into new markets; our ability to manage our supply chains and distribution channels and the effects of natural disasters and other events beyond our control; our response to the COVID-19 pandemic and our preparedness for other widespread health emergencies;(and government and business responses thereto); the ongoing conflict in Ukraine; the expected benefits of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on our business; and future results of operations, including Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our inability to secure sufficient and timely inventory from our suppliers,, and provide us with contracted quantities of equipment; our inability to meet contracted customer demand; supply chain interruptions and manufacturing or delivery delays; disruptions in sales, production, service or other business activities; general economic, geopolitical and business conditions in key regions of the world, including inflationary pressures, general economic slowdown or a recession, increasing interest rates, and changes in monetary policy; the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our workforce, operations, financial results and cash flows; the ongoing conflict in Ukraine; the results of operations and financial condition of our customers and suppliers; pricing pressure; inflation; weather and seasonal factors; our inability to continue to grow and manage our growth effectively; our inability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; our inability to comply with, and the effect on their businesses of, evolving legal standards and regulations, particularly concerning data protection and consumer privacy and evolving labor standards; risks relating to the development and performance of our energy storage systems and software-enabled services; our inability to retain or upgrade current customers, further penetrate existing markets or expand into new markets; the risk that our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by other political, economic, business and competitive factors; and other risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of any such development changes), or should our underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking and other statements in this report regarding our environmental, social, and other sustainability plans and goals are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking environmental, social, and sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Forward-looking statements in this report are made as of the date of this report, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Report, except as required by law. 

Part I. 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Stem, Inc., a Delaware corporation Stem, the Company, we, us, or our ), is a global leader in AI-driven clean energy solutions and services with a large, digitally connected, renewable energy network, providing customers with (i) an energy storage system, sourced from leading, global battery original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), that we deliver through our partners, including developers, distributors, and engineering, procurement and construction firms, (ii) edge hardware to aid in the collection of site data and the real-time operation and control of the site plus other optional equipment, (iii) ongoing software platform and professional services to operate integrated energy storage, and solar systems, through our Athena artificial intelligence AI platform Athena ), and (iv) solar asset performance monitoring and control, through Athena s PowerTrack application. In addition, in all the markets where we help manage our customers clean energy assets, we 
 
 3 

have agreements to use the Athena platform to participate in such markets and to share the revenue from such market participation. 
 We deliver hardware and our software-enabled services to our customers through our Athena platform. Our hardware, professional services, and recurring software-enabled services seek to mitigate customer energy costs through time-of-use and demand charge management innovations and a network of virtual power plants, while capturing revenue through participation in programs and merchant markets. The resulting network created by our growing customer base is designed to increase grid resilience and reliability through the real-time processing of market-based demand signals, energy prices and other factors in connection with the deployment of renewable energy resources to such customers. Additionally, our energy storage solutions are designed to support renewable energy generation by alleviating grid intermittency issues, thereby potentially reducing our customers dependence on traditional, fossil fuel resources and subsequent greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) to help advance our customers environmental, social, and governance (ESG) goals. As of December 31, 2022, Athena had accumulated more than 31 million runtime hours, with more than 500,000 industrial Internet of Things IoT devices under management, across more than 200,000 sites in over 50 countries. 
 We operate in two key areas within the energy storage landscape: Behind-the-Meter BTM and Front-of-the-Meter FTM ). An energy system s position in relation to a customer s electric meter determines whether it is designated a BTM or FTM system. BTM systems installed at customer locations generate energy that can be used on-site without interacting with the electric grid and passing through an electric meter. Our BTM systems are designed to reduce commercial and industrial C I customer energy bills and help our customers achieve their corporate ESG objectives. FTM, grid-connected systems deliver power into the grid, which is often sold to off-site customers and must pass through an electric meter prior to reaching an end-user. Our FTM systems are designed to decrease risk for project developers, asset owners, independent power producers and investors by adapting to dynamic energy market conditions in connection with the deployment of electricity and improving the combined value of the solar renewable resource and energy storage over the course of their FTM system s useful life. We also help asset owners and operators monitor and manage the health and performance of their clean energy assets. As an early participant in the BTM market, we developed operational focus and technical capabilities that position us to have multiple product offerings and services in the evolving market for FTM energy storage services. We believe that Athena s ability to optimize operations in both the BTM and FTM markets is unique in the industry and provides us with a competitive advantage. 
 Through our February 2022 acquisition of Also Energy Holdings, Inc. AlsoEnergy ), we combined our storage optimization capabilities with solar asset performance monitoring and control software. 
 History 
 We were originally known as Star Peak Energy Transition Corp. STPK ), which was a special purpose acquisition company that completed its public offering on August 20, 2020. On April 28, 2021 (the Closing Date ), we consummated a business combination (the Merger pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among STPK, STPK Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of STPK Merger Sub ), and Stem, Inc., a Delaware corporation Legacy Stem ). The Merger was effected on the Closing Date through the merger of the Merger Sub with and into Legacy Stem, with Legacy Stem surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Legacy Stem was a private company and is considered the Company s accounting predecessor. 
 On June 30, 2021, we issued 4,683,349 shares of common stock (the Exchange Shares to Star Peak Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company STPK Sponsor ), and Star Peak Sponsor Warrantco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with STPK Sponsor, the Sellers ). The issuance was pursuant to an Exchange Agreement dated as of June 25, 2021 by and among us and the Sellers (the Exchange Agreement ). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and in consideration of the issuance to the Sellers of the Exchange Shares, the Sellers exchanged 7,181,134 warrants originally issued to STPK Sponsor in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the STPK initial public offering. The Exchange Shares were issued in reliance upon the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 On August 20, 2021, we issued an irrevocable notice for the redemption of all 12,786,129 of our outstanding public warrants at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on September 20, 2021 (the Redemption Date ). Pursuant to the notice of redemption, holders of public warrants exercised 12,638,723 public warrants for proceeds to us of 145.3 million, and we redeemed all remaining outstanding public warrants that had not been exercised as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the Redemption Date. The public warrants have been delisted from the NYSE, and there are no public warrants left outstanding. 
 On November 22, 2021, we sold to Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc, as initial purchasers (the Initial Purchasers ), and the Initial Purchasers purchased from us, 460.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 0.50 Green Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Convertible Notes ), pursuant to a purchase 
 
 4 

agreement dated as of November 17, 2021, by and between us and the Initial Purchasers. The Notes were offered in a private placement in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act to the Initial Purchasers for initial resale to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. On November 17, 2021, in connection with the pricing of the Notes, and on November 19, 2021, in connection with the exercise in full by the Initial Purchasers of their option to purchase additional Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with certain of the Initial Purchasers of the Notes. The Company s net proceeds from this offering were approximately 445.7 million, after deducting the Initial Purchasers discounts and commissions and the estimated offering expenses payable by us. We used approximately 66.7 million of the net proceeds to pay the cost of the capped call transactions. 
 On February 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of 100 of the outstanding shares of AlsoEnergy for an aggregate purchase price of 652.0 million. The acquisition was structured on a cash-free, debt-free basis and subject to other customary adjustments as set forth in the purchase agreement. The transaction combines our storage optimization capabilities with AlsoEnergy s solar asset performance monitoring and control software. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Our competitive strengths include the following: 
 Significant Benefits from Scale Network Effects : We believe we are the largest in global distributed energy storage megawatts under management, with more than 2.0 GWh operating or contracted across more than 960 sites and more than 25GW of solar assets under management. This generates a significant amount of operational data leading to enhanced software performance through machine-learning and improving customer economics. 
 Advanced Technology Platform : We developed one of the first AI platforms for energy storage and virtual power plants that automates storage participation in electricity markets and performs monitoring and management of customer loads, solar generation and energy prices with real-time, complex decision- making algorithms. The platform is able to co-optimize multiple energy market revenue streams across a diverse fleet of hardware throughout multiple geographies and energy markets. 
 Compelling Business Model Customer Solutions : Our goal is to provide a seamless customer experience from commercial proposal to installation. We pioneered a project financed offering for C I energy storage, providing customers immediate significant savings without capital expenditure. C I customers are aggressively procuring renewable energy to meet ESG targets and save money on electricity. Our solution enables these objectives with minimal impact to customer operations. Customers sign long-term contracts, typically between 10 and 20 years in duration, while providing us the flexibility to control their energy storage system to earn market participation revenue, lower their energy costs and meet their decarbonization goals. 
 Leading Strategic Partnerships : We have numerous partnerships with a diverse set of industry leaders to reduce execution risk and increase speed to market in certain geographies. In Massachusetts, we have a partnership with Constellation Energy to pair our energy storage systems with retail energy offerings for C I customers. Internationally, we have partnerships with leading regional industrial equipment and energy firms such as Copec in South America, each focused on leveraging the partner s local market knowledge and reputation with leading corporates, utilities and grid operators. 
 Exceptional AI and Energy Storage Expertise : We have a seasoned leadership team with a demonstrated track record of execution and more than 150 years of accumulated experience in energy storage, software and distributed energy expertise focused on AI, technology development, new market commercialization, renewable project development and utility / grid program operations. Our executive and data science team has more than 150 years of combined experience in machine learning, optimization and controls. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our mission is to maximize the economic, environmental, and resiliency value of energy assets through our leading AI platform. In order to fulfill our mission, we provide our customers, which include C I companies and enterprises as well as independent power producers, renewable project developers, utilities, and grid operators, with (i) an energy storage system, sourced from leading, global battery OEMs, that we deliver through our partners, including developers, distributors, and engineering, procurement and construction firms, (ii) edge hardware to aid in the collection of site data and the real-time operation and control of the site plus other optional equipment, (iii) ongoing software platform and professional services to operate integrated energy storage, and solar systems, through our Athena, and (iv) solar asset performance monitoring and control, through Athena s PowerTrack application. In addition, in all the markets where we help manage our customers clean energy assets, we have agreements to use the Athena platform to participate in such markets and to share the revenue from such market participation. 
 
 5 

Our Customers 
 We operate in two key markets within the energy storage landscape: BTM and FTM. BTM systems installed at C I customer locations provide power that can be used on-site without interacting with the electric grid and generally without generating energy that passes through a utility electric meter. FTM grid-connected systems deliver power into the grid which is often sold to off-site customers and transported by the grid prior to reaching an end-user. For BTM customers, we seek to maximize value by providing AI-powered storage services that reduce spending on utility bills, enhance the economics of solar and provide backup power. Additionally, we help BTM customers achieve renewable energy targets as part of their ESG commitments. For FTM customers, we provide software-enabled services to capture revenue from energy market participation, including the sale of capacity, energy and ancillary services into regional electricity markets helping these customers enhance renewable project returns while improving grid resiliency and reliability for utilities and grid operators. These services that we provide are all at the direction of our customers, and we do not independently participate in the wholesale electricity market. 
 Research and Development 
 We have invested significant amounts of time and expense in the development of our Athena platform. The ability to maintain our leadership position depends in part on our ongoing research and development activities. Our software development team of more than 200 product and technology professionals is responsible for the design, development, integration and testing of the Athena platform. We focus our efforts on developing Athena to continuously improve our algorithms, augment value with new revenue streams and localize based on geography and regulatory considerations. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Intellectual property is a key differentiator for our business, and we seek protection whenever possible for the intellectual property that we own and control, including but not limited to patents, proprietary information, trade secrets and software tools and applications. We rely upon a combination of patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, as well as employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements and other contractual restrictions to establish and protect our proprietary rights. 
 We have developed a significant patent portfolio to protect elements of our proprietary technology. As of December 31, 2022, we had 87 patents across storage and solar assets performance. 
 Our intellectual property encompasses a diverse mix of patents with respect to our proprietary systems and software. These patents relate to the following broad categories: 
 power electronics, including the basic interaction of batteries with the power grid where such electronics convert direct current (DC) battery power to alternating current (AC) compatible grid power; 
 analytics and control, including use cases and decisions into the operation of an energy storage system and the coordination of providing economic or operational value to a customer; and 
 networked operations and grid services that involve the aggregation and operation of a group of energy storage systems to provide value to a utility or grid operator. 
 Stem s Athena is a registered-trademark, and Athena s trademarked applications include Analyzer , Supervisor , Explorer , and Bidder . The services relating to these trademarks include, but are not limited to, energy optimization services, software as a service for energy optimization services and energy storage charge and discharge. 
 We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of our intellectual property. We pursue the registration of our domain names and trademarks and service marks in the U.S. In an effort to protect our brand, as of December 31, 2022, we had nearly ten registered trademarks in the U.S. 
 
 Competition 
 The energy storage industry is highly competitive, and new regulatory requirements for carbon emissions, technological advances, the lower cost of renewable energy, the decrease in battery costs, improving battery technology and shifting customer demands are causing the industry to evolve and expand. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the energy storage market include, but are not limited to: 
 safety, reliability and quality; 
 product performance and uptime; 
 historical track record and references for customer satisfaction; 
 experience in utilizing the energy storage system for multiple stakeholders; 
 
 6 

technological innovation; 
 comprehensive solution from a single provider; 
 ease of integration; and 
 seamless hardware and software-enabled service offerings. 
 There is rising demand for clean electric power solutions that can provide electric power with lower carbon emissions with high availability. Additionally, the transition to renewable energy sources and distributed energy infrastructure has increased the complexity and variability of end-customer electricity demand. This industry transformation has created an opportunity for an increased role for energy storage solutions like ours. We believe as one of the largest in this industry we have a significant head start against our competition in this rapidly evolving environment. We believe the global push for lower carbon emissions combined with vast technological improvements in lithium-ion battery-powered technologies will drive C I customers, utilities, independent power producers and project developers to grow their use of and investment in energy storage systems. 
 Our key competitors include energy optimization software providers, energy storage system OEMs, hardware integration providers, renewable project developers and engineering, procurement and construction firms. Our industry peers are typically focused on the development and marketing of single-purpose built solutions with captive hardware offerings, while our AI-powered platform is capable of delivering a multitude of software-enabled services operating an extensive and diverse network of energy storage systems across multiple geographies, utility, and grid operator service areas. 
 We believe that one of the key advantages driving sustainable differentiation for our company includes the focus and capabilities built in our pioneering history in the BTM segment of the energy storage industry. This experience required an emphasis on AI-driven co-optimization of energy storage operations and the build out of significant operational infrastructure to execute economic considerations for enterprise customers, utilities, and grid operators. We believe that the distributed asset management capability from this experience positions us well to compete in the evolving FTM segment of the energy storage industry as recent regulatory actions include the liberalization and formalization of rules for compensation of market participation for distributed energy resources. We believe the legacy single-purpose market for FTM solutions will be driven by greater demand for flexible solutions that can access multiple market opportunities. Our solutions have been designed to mitigate the challenges of today s enterprise customers, independent power producers, utilities, renewable asset owners and the modern electrical grid at scale with continuous improvements to artificial intelligence optimization strategies informed by operational data from one of the industry s largest network of digitally-connected energy storage systems. 
 We believe we are well-positioned to compete successfully in the market for energy storage hardware and software-enabled services. Despite our limited operating history, we are among the leaders in global distributed energy storage and solar assets under management, supported by our Athena platform, compelling customer services, strategic partnerships and seasoned leadership team with a proven track record of success. 
 Government Regulation and Compliance 
 There are varying policy frameworks across the U.S. and abroad designed to support and accelerate customer adoption of clean and/or reliable distributed generation technologies. These policy initiatives come in the form of tax incentives, cash grants, performance incentives and/or electric tariffs. 
 Our AI-powered platform manages energy assets currently installed worldwide with diverse policy frameworks across each energy market. States within the U.S. have utility procurement programs and/or renewable portfolio standards for which our technology is eligible, including California, Connecticut Hawaii, Massachusetts, New York, and Texas. These energy storage systems currently qualify for tax exemptions, incentives or other customer incentives in many states, and now with the United States Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), storage incentive tax credit and solar production tax credit. 
 Federal, state and local government statutes and regulations concerning electricity heavily influence the market for our product and services even though Stem is not regulated as a utility. These statutes and regulations often relate to electricity pricing, net metering, incentives, taxation, competition with utilities and the interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. In the U.S., governments, often acting through state utility or public service commissions, change and adopt different rates for commercial customers on a regular basis. These changes can have a positive or negative effect on our ability to deliver cost savings to customers for the purchase of electricity. 
 Several states have an energy storage mandate or policies designed to encourage the adoption of storage. For example, California offers a cash rebate for storage installations through the Self Generation Incentive Program SGIP and Massachusetts and New York offer performance-based financial incentives for storage. Storage installations also are supported 
 
 7 

in certain states by state public utility commission policies that require utilities to consider alternatives such as storage before they can build new generation. In February 2018, the FERC issued Order 841 directing regional transmission operators and independent system operators to remove barriers to the participation of storage in wholesale electricity markets and to establish rules to help ensure storage resources are compensated for the services they provide. An appeal of Order 841 filed by utility trade associations and other parties challenging the extent of the FERC s jurisdiction over storage resources connected to distribution systems (among other issues) is currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. In September 2020, the FERC issued Order 2222, opening up U.S. wholesale energy markets to aggregations of distributed energy resources like rooftop solar, BTM batteries, and electric vehicles. 
 Energy storage systems require interconnection agreements from the applicable local electricity utilities in order to operate. In almost all cases, interconnection agreements are standard form agreements that have been pre-approved by the local public utility commission or other regulatory body with jurisdiction over interconnection agreements. As such, no additional regulatory approvals are typically required once interconnection agreements are signed. 
 Our operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the occupational health and safety of our employees and wage regulations. For example, Stem is subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA ), as amended, and comparable state laws that protect and regulate employee health and safety. 
 There are government regulations pertaining to battery safety, transportation of batteries and disposal of hazardous materials. Stem and our suppliers, as applicable, are required to comply with these regulations in order to sell our batteries into the market. The license and sale of our batteries and technology abroad is likely to be subject to export controls in the future. 
 Each of our installations or customer installations must be designed, constructed, and operated in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local regulations, codes, standards, guidelines, policies and laws. To install and operate energy storage systems on our platform, Stem, our customers or our partners, as applicable, are required to obtain applicable permits and approvals from local authorities having jurisdiction to install energy storage systems and to interconnect the systems with the local electrical utility. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Our mission is to maximize the economic, environmental, and resiliency value of energy assets through our leading AI platform , and we are also committed to creating a world-class employee experience. We aim to foster and maintain a workplace that values the unique talents and contributions of every individual. We believe it is the diversity of our people, with varied skills and backgrounds, that shape our success and innovation. Our people-focused culture is driven by collaboration and global cross-functional connections. We recognize the success of Stem is dependent on our talent and the satisfaction of our global workforce, and we are greatly invested in the ability of our people to succeed and thrive. The following discussions provide a description of our employees, and outline how we manage our human capital resources and how we invest in our employees success. 
 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 660 employees, of whom 489 were based in the United States and 171 in international locations. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 29 of the global team was female and 71 was male. 
 
 We believe that our future success depends in part on our continued ability to hire, motivate and retain qualified employees in any operating environment. 
 
 Recruiting 
 We believe in investing for the future, including the future of our workforce by recruiting exceptional individuals who share our company values. Our recruiting team and hiring managers begin with the creation of detailed job descriptions, which clearly outline the skills and experience necessary for success in each role. We believe these steps are essential to effectively interview for identifiable skill sets and not just personality fits. We strive to build our workforce from within whenever possible; however, if the best candidate for an available position is not identified from within our existing talent pool, we will look externally. Our recruitment strategy is to initially search for candidates directly through our professional networks, university and mentorship programs, and through advertising with certain partners. We also occasionally use recruitment consultants and search firms. 
 
 Professional Development 
 
 8 

We are committed to helping people realize their highest potential and fostering a culture that supports personal development for individuals, leaders and teams across the organization. Our employees enjoy ample opportunity to learn new skills to develop and advance their career, and we provide opportunities for all our employees to receive ongoing formal training to help foster their professional development. We also encourage continuing education programs through approved institutions and online learning such as Udemy and Stem University and are activating a Middle Manager Learning series to supplement essential and leadership skills. 
 
 Employee Feedback 
 We value the feedback we receive from our employees. Our annual employee engagement survey asks all our employees for their input on a variety of matters. The results of the employee survey are disseminated to all employees, and the results are used to design action plans to assist managers with actively responding to employees sentiments. The employee survey is an important tool that allows us to continuously improve, innovate and evolve through ongoing engagement and measurement. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to building an inclusive culture and team environment that supports current and future diversity in our industry and our talent. In the spirit of Stem s core values we are One Team and succeed through collaboration when we respect, acknowledge and celebrate each other s differences. We are committed to creating an inclusive environment that promotes equality, cultural awareness and respect by implementing policies, benefits, training, recruiting and recognition practices to support our colleagues. We believe that diversity and inclusion is about valuing our differences and continually identifying ways to improve our cultural intelligence which ultimately leads to better decision-making and a more tailored client experience. To help us achieve and maintain a diverse workforce, we continue to build a strong and inclusive culture at Stem with the launch of two new employee networks focused on LGBTIA+, and Women in Leadership. We are committed to building the best workplace in our communities and the broader industry. 
 We also provide a monthly global Culture Coalition cadence to address our mission of bringing a community of employees together to improve the work experience through innovative, creative, and fun culture initiatives. Each month we host a DEI subject and guest speaker to educate our workforce and provide pamphlets for employees and their families, books honoring and educating on Black History Month, women artists (displayed in our offices), and goods from indigenous owned business as giveaways in our monthly contests. 
 Employee Compensation, Benefits Well-being 
 We strive to enrich and elevate the lives of our employees through a robust compensation and benefits package that is flexible to meet both individual and family needs. 
 Stem s compensation and benefits programs are designed to attract and retain talent as well as motivate employees globally. In addition to competitive base salaries and bonus plans, Stem also offers attractive benefits programs both in the U.S. and globally. In the U.S., eligible employees may participate in medical, dental and vision plans as well as financial wellness benefits including health and dependent care flexible spending accounts, 401(k) plan with employer match, paid maternity and parental leave, health saving accounts, basic life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, short-term and long-term disability insurance, and commuter benefits. 
 Globally, we comply with location-specific mandatory government employee health and leave programs while also providing an employee assistance program, mental health, and physical wellness programs. We embrace regional and local cultural differences, and honor these by offering country-specific paid time off and paid holiday calendars that reflect the unique observations of each country. We support the continuing development of our staff around the world by offering several educational programs. 
 Stem designs its employee compensation and benefits programs to be competitive in relation to the market. Stem adjusts its employee compensation and benefits programs as needed based upon regular monitoring of applicable laws and practices and the competitive market. In structuring these benefit programs, Stem strives to provide an aggregate level of compensation and benefits that are comparable to the demands of the market. 
 Stem s compensation policies and procedures will continue to be designed to promote compliance with applicable government and regulatory guidelines as well as generally accepted compensation practices. Stem s goal is to have programs that are based on clear and consistent policies, recognizing the need to have flexibility to meet different organizational or market conditions. 

9 

Available Information 
 Our website is www.stem.com. We use our Investor Relations website, at https://investors.stem.com, as a routine channel for distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations, and financial information. We make available free of charge, though our Investor Relations website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers, and amendments to each of those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with or furnished to the SEC. Alternatively, you may access these reports at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Copies are also available, without charge, from Stem Investor Relations, 100 California Street, 14th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94111. Unless expressly noted, the information on our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K or any other filing that we make with the SEC. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth, as of January 31, 2023, the names and ages of the executive officers of Stem, Inc., including all offices and positions held by each for the past five years. 
 Name Age Current Position and Five-Year Business Experience John Carrington 56 Chief Executive Officer and Director, since December 2013. Bill Bush 57 Chief Financial Officer, s ince November 2016. 
 Saul R. Laureles 57 Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, since May 2021; Director, Corporate Legal Affairs an d Assistant Corporate Secretary at Schlumberger Limited a global oilfield services company), from May 2007 to May 2021. 
 Mike Carlson 59 Chief Operating Officer, since September 2022; Vice President of Koch Engineered Solutions, from August 2020 to September 2022; President of Digital Grid North America at Siemens Industries, Inc. from July 2014 to March 2019. Kim Homenock 49 Chief People Officer, since March 2022 and was promoted to executive officer in July 2022; Director, Devices Software Services HR for Amazon from May 2021 to March 2022; Director, NA Transportation HR from January 2018 to May 2021. Alan Russo 53 Chief Revenue Officer, since February 2019; Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing, April 2018 to February 2019; Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing at REC Solar Holdings AS (subsidiary of Duke Energy), from October 2015 to April 2018. 
 Larsh Johnson 65 Chief Technology Officer, since January 2016. Prakesh Patel 48 Chief Strategy Officer since January 2020; Vice President of Capital Markets and Strategy from 2013 to January 2020. 
 Robert Schaefer 61 President of Transformational Initiatives since January 2023; President, AlsoEnergy from February 2022 to January 2023; CEO of AlsoEnergy from August 2017 to January 2022. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 The following discussion of risk factors known to us contains important information for the understanding of our forward-looking statements, which are discussed immediately following Item 7A. of this Form 10-K and elsewhere. These risk factors should also be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K. 
 We urge you to consider carefully the risks described below, which discuss the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky, as well as in other reports and materials that we file with the SEC and the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties, or additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially adversely affect our business, operations, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, growth, prospects and stock price. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our limited operating history at current scale and our nascent industry make evaluating our business and prospects difficult. 
 Our distributed generation offerings may not receive widespread market acceptance. 
 
 10 

Our operations may continue to be adversely affected by the coronavirus outbreak. 
 Sufficient demand for our hardware and software-enabled services may not develop or take longer to develop than we anticipate. 
 Battery storage costs may not continue to decline. 
 Estimates and assumptions used to determine the size of our total addressable market may be inaccurate. 
 We currently face and will continue to face significant competition. 
 Risks Relating to Our Operations 
 Supply chain disruption and competition could result in insufficient inventory and negatively affect our business. 
 We face risks resulting from supplier concentration and limited supplier capacity. 
 Long-term supply agreements could result in insufficient inventory. 
 Our hardware and software-enabled services involve a lengthy sales and installation cycle. If we fail to close sales on a regular and timely basis it could adversely affect our business. 
 We may fail to attract and retain qualified management and technical personnel, which may adversely affect our ability to compete and grow our business. 
 We may not be able to develop, produce, market and sell our hardware and software-enabled services successfully. 
 We have incurred significant losses in the past and expect to incur net losses through 2023. 
 We may be unable to reduce our cost structure. 
 Any future acquisitions we undertake may disrupt our business, adversely affect operations, dilute our stockholders, and expose us to significant costs and liabilities. 
 Our current and planned foreign operations will subject us to additional business, financial, regulatory, and competitive risks. 
 If any energy storage systems procured from OEM suppliers and provided to our customers contain manufacturing defects, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Estimates of useful life for our energy storage systems and related hardware and software-enabled services may be inaccurate, and our OEM suppliers may not meet service and performance warranties and guarantees. 
 Future product recalls could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Any disruption of, or interference with, our use of Amazon Web Services could adversely affect our business. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers. 
 Our business currently depends on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. 
 The economic benefit of our energy storage systems to our customers depends on the cost of electricity available from alternative sources. 
 We face risks related to our DevCo business model. 
 We depend on significant customers for a substantial portion of our revenue. If we fail to retain or expand our customer relationships or significant customers reduce their purchases, our revenue could decline significantly. 
 Risks Related to Third-Party Partners 
 We are exposed to interconnection and transmission facility development and curtailment risks. 
 We may not successfully maintain relationships with third parties such as contractors and developers. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Technology 
 Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain our proprietary technology. 
 We may experience IT or data security failures. 
 Our technology could have undetected defects, errors or bugs in hardware or software. 
 
 11 

We may not adequately secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights and trademarks. 
 Regulatory Risks 
 The installation and operation of our energy storage systems are subject to environmental laws and regulations. 
 Existing regulations and changes to such regulations may reduce demand for our energy storage systems. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by trade tariffs or other trade barriers. 
 Negative attitudes toward renewable energy from lawmakers and others may adversely affect our business, including by delaying permits for our customers projects. 
 Additional Risks Related to Our Securities 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate consolidated financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 We may issue a significant number of shares in the future in connection with investments or acquisitions. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 Analysts may not publish sufficient or any research about our business or may publish inaccurate or unfavorable research. 
 The trading price of our common stock is volatile. 
 Certain provisions of the Company s organizational documents may have an anti-takeover effect. 
 The Company s exclusive forum provision may limit the Company s stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes. 
 The capped call transactions entered into in connection with the pricing of our Convertible Notes may adversely affect the market price of our stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We will continue to incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company. 
 Future litigation, investigations or regulatory or administrative proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our limited operating history at current scale and our nascent industry make evaluating our business and prospects difficult. 
 From our inception in 2009 through 2012, we were focused principally on research and development activities relating to our energy storage systems technology. We did not sell any of our battery hardware and software-enabled services and did not recognize any material revenue until fairly recently. As a result, we have a limited history operating our business at its current scale, and therefore a limited history upon which you can base an investment decision. 
 There is rising demand for clean electric power solutions that can provide electric power with lower carbon emissions with high availability. One such solution is distributed, renewable energy generation, which is supplementing and replacing conventional generation sources, given its increasingly compelling economics. Among other renewable energy market trends, we expect our business results to be driven by declines in the cost of generation of renewable power both on an absolute basis and relative to other energy sources (as evidenced by current solar and wind generation deployments), decreases in the cost of manufacturing battery packs and a rapidly growing energy storage market driven by increasing demand from commercial and industrial customers, utilities and grid operators. However, predicting our future revenue and appropriately budgeting for our expenses is difficult, and we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. 
 The distributed generation industry is emerging and our distributed generation offerings may not receive widespread market acceptance. 
 The implementation and use of distributed generation at scale is still relatively nascent, and we cannot be sure that potential customers will accept such solutions broadly, or our hardware and software-enabled services more specifically. Enterprises may be unwilling to adopt our offerings over traditional or competing power sources for any number of reasons, including the 
 
 12 

perception that our technology is unproven, lack of confidence in our business model, unavailability of back-up service providers to operate and maintain the energy storage systems, and lack of awareness of our related hardware and software-enabled services. Because this is an emerging industry, broad acceptance of our hardware and software-enabled services is subject to a high level of uncertainty and risk. If the market develops more slowly than we anticipate, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our operations may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and we face disruption risks from the pandemic that could adversely affect our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in the extended shutdown of certain businesses in the U.S., Europe and Asia, which has resulted, and may in the future result, in disruptions or delays to our supply chain increases in the costs of equipment, components and materials and has resulted in, and may result in further, significant disruptions to our customer base. Any disruption in these businesses will likely negatively affect our sales and operating results. 
 To date, COVID-19 has had a limited adverse impact on our operations, supply chains and hardware and software-enabled services. Due to governmental responses to limit the spread of COVID-19 and resulting global economic effects, we may experience significant and unpredictable reductions in demand for our hardware and software-enabled services. The continued effect of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted and there is no assurance that it will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The extent of the effect will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain COVID-19, whether these effects persist, the duration and severity of additional outbreaks and the availability and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments for COVID-19 globally. 
 If renewable energy technologies are not suitable for widespread adoption, or if sufficient demand for our hardware and software-enabled services does not develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our sales may decline and we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 The market for renewable, distributed energy generation is emerging and rapidly evolving, and its future success is uncertain. If renewable energy generation proves unsuitable for widespread commercial deployment or if demand for our renewable energy hardware and software-enabled services fails to develop sufficiently, our revenue, market share and profitability would be adversely impacted. 
 Many factors may influence the widespread adoption of renewable energy generation and demand for our hardware and software-enabled services, including, but not limited to the cost-effectiveness of renewable energy technologies as compared with conventional and competitive technologies, the performance and reliability of renewable energy products as compared with conventional and non-renewable products, fluctuations in economic and market conditions that impact the viability of conventional and competitive alternative energy sources, increases or decreases in the prices of oil, coal and natural gas, continued deregulation of the electric power industry and broader energy industry, and the availability or effectiveness of government subsidies and incentives. You should consider our prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties emerging companies encounter when introducing new products and services into a nascent industry. 
 The failure of renewable energy hardware costs to continue to decline would have a negative effect on our business and financial condition. 
 The growth and profitability of our business depends on the continued decline in the cost of battery storage, solar photovoltaic PV system components and related hardware. Over the last decade, the cost of renewable energy hardware has generally declined; however, the cost of lithium ion based battery storage systems have increased in recent months. Increased demand and global supply chain constraints could cause additional price increases. If, for whatever reason, there is a sustained increase in the price of battery storage systems, solar PV system components or related hardware, our business and financial condition will be negatively affected. 
 If the estimates and assumptions we use to determine the size of our total addressable market are inaccurate, our future growth rate may be affected and the potential growth of our business may be limited. 
 Market estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the markets in which we compete meet our size estimates and forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. The assumptions relating to our market opportunities include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) Wood Mackenzie research forecasts that the U.S. energy storage market, excluding the residential market, is expected to reach a total value of approximately 46.5 GWh in 2025; (ii) general declines in lithium-ion battery costs and in the cost of renewable generation; (iii) growing demand for renewable energy: and (iv) increased complexity of the electrical grid. Our market opportunities are also based on the assumption that our existing and future offerings will be more 
 
 13 

attractive to our customers and potential customers than competing products and services. If these assumptions prove inaccurate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We currently face and will continue to face significant competition. 
 We compete for customers, financing partners and incentive dollars with other providers of energy storage systems and asset performance monitoring and control solutions. Many providers of electricity, such as traditional utilities and other companies offering distributed generation products, have longer operating histories, customer incumbency advantages, access to and influence with local and state governments, and more capital resources than we do. Significant developments in alternative energy storage and management technologies or improvements in the efficiency or cost of traditional energy sources, including coal, oil, natural gas used in combustion or nuclear power, may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we cannot anticipate. We may also face new competitors who are not currently in the market, including as a result of the IRA and its anticipated impacts and benefits to our industry. If we fail to adapt to changing market conditions and to compete successfully with new competitors, we will limit our growth and adversely affect our business results. 
 Risks Relating to Our Operations 
 We are subject to supply chain risk and our suppliers may fail to deliver components according to schedules, prices, quality and volumes that are acceptable to us, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 We purchase our components and materials from international and domestic vendors, and are exposed to supply chain risks arising from logistics disruptions. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, including inflation of raw material costs, labor issues, wars, natural disasters, health epidemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, trade and shipping disruptions, port congestions and other factors beyond our or our suppliers control could also affect these suppliers ability to deliver components to us or to remain solvent and operational. For example, the Company s industry continues to face shortages and shipping delays affecting the supply of inverters, enclosures, battery modules and associated component parts for inverters and battery energy storage systems available for purchase. These shortages and delays can be attributed in part to the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting government action, as well as broader macroeconomic conditions that may persist once the immediate effects of the pandemic have subsided, and have been exacerbated by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. In addition, international supply is also exposed to risks related to tariffs and sanctions, as well as political, social, and economic instability in regions where we source products and material. For example, in recent years, China and the U.S. have each imposed tariffs, and there remains a potential for further trade barriers and the possibility of an escalated trade war between China and the U.S. These or other tariffs could adversely affect our hardware component prices and negatively affect any plans to sell products in China and other impacted international markets. Disruptions in the availability of key equipment, components or materials such as lithium may adversely affect our business, prospects and operations, and volatility in prices and availability of such items may negatively affect our customer relationships and ability to plan for future growth. 
 We also face risks resulting from supplier concentration and limited supplier capacity. 
 We rely on a very small number of suppliers of energy storage systems and other equipment. If any of our suppliers were unable or unwilling to provide us with contracted quantities in a timely manner at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, we would have very limited alternatives for supply, and we may not be able to contract for and receive suitable alternative supply in a timely manner for our customers, or at all. Such an event may impair our ability to meet scheduled deliveries of our products to customers, which may cause our customers to cancel orders and subject us to liability, and may materially adversely affect our customer relationships, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We may also be unsuccessful in our continuous efforts to negotiate with existing suppliers to obtain cost reductions and avoid unfavorable changes to terms. Global demand has increased for lithium-ion battery cells, which may cause challenges for our suppliers, including delays or price volatility. Any such delays or reduced availability of energy storage systems or other component materials may impact our sales and operating results. Further, these risks may increase as market demand for our offerings grows. Additionally, some of our suppliers supply systems and components to other businesses, including businesses engaged in the production of consumer electronics and other industries unrelated to energy storage systems. There are also larger purchasers of certain parts and materials that we supply to our customers. As a result, we may be unable to procure a sufficient supply of the items in the event that our suppliers fail to produce sufficient quantities to satisfy the demands of all of their customers. Any of these occurrences could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have entered into long-term supply agreements that could result in insufficient inventory and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 
 14 

We have entered into long-term supply agreements with certain suppliers of battery storage systems and other components of our energy storage systems. Some of these supply agreements provide for fixed or inflation-adjusted pricing and substantial prepayment obligations. Additionally, if our suppliers provide insufficient inventory at the level of quality required to meet customer demand, or if our suppliers are unable or unwilling to provide us with the contracted quantities, we will have limited alternatives for supply and our results of operations could be materially and negatively impacted. Further, we face significant specific counterparty risk under long-term supply agreements when dealing with certain suppliers without a long, stable production and financial history. 
 Given the uniqueness of our product, some of our suppliers do not have a long operating history and may not have substantial capital resources. In the event any such supplier experiences financial difficulties, it may be difficult or may require substantial time and expense to replace such supplier. We do not know whether we will be able to maintain long-term supply relationships with our critical suppliers, or secure new long-term supply agreements. Additionally, we procure many of the battery storage systems and components of our energy storage systems from non-U.S. suppliers, which exposes us to risks including unforeseen increases in costs or interruptions in supply arising from changes in applicable international trade regulations, such as taxes, tariffs, or quotas. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our hardware and software-enabled services involve a lengthy sales and installation cycle. If we fail to close sales on a regular and timely basis it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Amounts included in our pipeline and contracted backlog may not result in actual revenue or translate into profits. 
 Our sales cycle is typically six to 12 months for our hardware and software-enabled services, but can vary considerably. In order to make a sale, we must typically provide a significant level of education to prospective customers regarding the use and benefits of our hardware and software-enabled services. 
 The period between initial discussions with a potential customer and the sale of even a single energy storage system typically depends on a number of factors, including the potential customer s budget and decision as to the type of financing it chooses to use, as well as the arrangement of such financing. Prospective customers often undertake a significant evaluation process, which may further extend the sales cycle. 
 We view potential contracts with developers and independent power producers for energy optimization services and transfer of energy storage systems that are currently being pursued by our direct salesforce and channel partners as part of our pipeline. Our pipeline is an internal metric based on numerous assumptions and limitations, and is calculated using our own data, which has neither been prepared or audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP, nor been independently verified by third parties. We cannot guarantee that our pipeline provides an accurate indication of our future or expected results, or will result in meaningful revenue or profitability. 
 Currently, the time between the entry into a sales contract with a customer and the installation of our energy storage systems can range from nine to 18 months, or more. This lengthy sales and installation cycle is subject to a number of significant risks over which we have little or no control. We characterize contracts that have been signed but not yet installed as a booking that becomes part of our backlog. Because of both the long sales and installation cycles, we may expend significant resources without generating a sale or producing revenue from our bookings and backlog. 
 These lengthy sales and installation cycles increase the risk that our customers may fail to satisfy their payment obligations, cancel orders before the completion of the transaction or delay the planned date for installation. Cancellation rates may be affected by factors outside of our control including an inability to install an energy storage system at the customer s chosen location because of permitting or other regulatory issues, unanticipated changes in the cost or availability of alternative sources of electricity available to the customer or other reasons unique to each customer. Our operating expenses are based on anticipated sales levels, and many of our expenses are fixed. If we are unsuccessful in closing sales after expending significant resources or if we experience delays or cancellations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, we have ongoing arrangements with our customers and target customers. Some of these arrangements are evidenced by contracts or long-term contract partnership arrangements. If these arrangements are terminated or if we are unable to continue to fulfill the obligations under such contracts or arrangements, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical, engineering and sales personnel, our ability to compete and successfully grow our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 15 

We believe that our success and our ability to reach our strategic objectives are highly dependent on the contributions of our key management, technical, engineering, finance and sales personnel. The loss of the services of any of our senior executives and other key employees could disrupt our operations, delay the development and introduction of our hardware and software-enabled services, and negatively affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, our ability to manage our growth effectively, including expanding our market presence in international markets will be affected by our ability to successfully expand our management team, hire and train new personnel and implement and enhance human resources administrative systems. Our success in hiring, attracting and retaining senior management and other experienced and highly skilled employees will depend in part on our ability to provide competitive compensation packages and a high-quality work environment and maintain a desirable corporate culture. To help attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees, we use share-based awards, such as restricted stock units, and performance-based cash incentive awards. Sustained declines in our stock price, or lower stock price performance relative to competitors, can reduce the retention value of our share-based awards. We may not be able to attract, integrate, train, motivate or retain current or additional highly qualified personnel, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Furthermore, there is continued and increasing competition for talented individuals in our field, and competition for qualified personnel is especially intense in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our principal offices are located. In addition to longstanding competition for highly skilled and technical personnel, we face increased competitive pressures and employee cost inflation in tighter labor markets, such as has been experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic. Industry competition and cross-industry labor market pressures may negatively impact our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing and support personnel and drive increases in our employee costs, both of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have incurred significant losses in the past and expect to incur net losses through at least 2023. 
 Since our inception in 2009, we have incurred significant net losses and have used significant cash in our business. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 632.1 million . We expect to continue to expand our operations, including by investing in sales and marketing, research and development, staffing systems and infrastructure to support our growth. Under our current plans, we expect to incur net losses on a GAAP basis through at least 2023. Our ability to achieve profitability in the future will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 growing our sales volume; 
 increasing sales to existing customers and attracting new customers for our hardware and software- enabled services; 
 improving our ability to procure energy storage systems from OEMs on cost-effective terms; 
 improving our consolidated gross margins reflecting the ability to maintain favorable contract pricing and terms with our customers for our hardware and software-enabled services; 
 improving the effectiveness of our sales and marketing activities; 
 attracting and retaining key talent in a competitive marketplace; 
 operating our systems profitably for the benefit of our customers; and 
 the availability of incentives, including those associated with the IRA. 
 Even if we do achieve profitability when expected, we may be unable to sustain or increase our profitability in the future. 
 If we are not able to continue to reduce our cost structure in the future, our ability to become profitable may be impaired. 
 We must continue to reduce the costs of operation of our energy storage systems, and production and operation of our asset performance monitoring and control solutions, to expand our market. Additionally, certain of our existing service contracts were entered into based on projections regarding service cost reductions that assume continued advances in lowering the cost of delivery of our services, which we may be unable to realize. While we have been successful in reducing some of our costs to date, some of our costs have increased, and we could experience additional cost increases in the future. Any such increases could slow our growth and cause our financial results and operational metrics to suffer. In addition, we may face increases in our other expenses, including increases in wages or other labor costs, as well as marketing, sales or related costs. We will continue to make significant investments to drive growth in the future. To expand into new markets while still maintaining our current margins, we will need to continue to reduce our costs. Increases in any of these costs, or our failure to achieve projected cost reductions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to reduce our cost structure in the future, we may not be able to achieve profitability or we may fail to do so on a satisfactory timeline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 
 
 16 

Any future acquisitions we undertake may disrupt our business, adversely affect operations, dilute our stockholders, and expose us to significant costs and liabilities. 
 Acquisitions are an important element of our business strategy, and we may pursue future acquisitions to increase revenue, expand our market position, add to our service offerings and technological capabilities, respond to dynamic market conditions, or for other strategic or financial purposes. However, we cannot assure you that we will identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete any acquisitions on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, any acquisitions we do complete, including our acquisition of AlsoEnergy, would involve a number of risks, which may include the following: 
 the identification, acquisition and integration of acquired businesses require substantial attention from management. The diversion of management s attention and any difficulties encountered in the integration process could hurt our business; 
 the identification, acquisition and integration of acquired businesses requires significant investment, including to determine which new service offerings we might wish to acquire, harmonize service offerings, expand management capabilities and market presence, and improve or increase development efforts and technology features and functions; 
 the anticipated benefits from any acquisition may not be achieved on a timely basis or at all, including as a result of loss of clients or personnel of the target, other difficulties in supporting and transitioning the target's clients, difficulties in managing expanded operations and operations in foreign jurisdictions in which we have never operated, the inability to realize expected synergies from an acquisition, or negative organizational cultural effects arising from the integration of new personnel; 
 we may face difficulties in integrating the personnel, technologies, solutions, operations, and existing contracts of the acquired business; 
 we may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities, risks or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired company, technology or solution, including issues related to intellectual property, solution quality or architecture, income tax and other regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition or other accounting or internal control practices, or employee or client issues; 
 to pay for future acquisitions, we could issue additional shares of our common stock or pay cash. Issuance of shares would dilute stockholders. See - We may issue a significant number of shares in the future in connection with investments or acquisitions below. Use of cash reserves could diminish our ability to respond to other opportunities or challenges. Borrowing to fund any cash purchase price would result in increased fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impair our ability to manage our operations; 
 acquisitions expose us to the risk of assumed known and unknown liabilities including contract, tax, regulatory or other legal, and other obligations incurred by the acquired business or fines or penalties, for which indemnity obligations, escrow arrangements or insurance may not be available or may not be sufficient to provide coverage; 
 new business acquisitions can generate significant intangible assets that result in substantial related amortization charges and the potential for goodwill impairments in the future; 
 the operations of acquired businesses, or our adaptation of those operations, may require that we apply revenue recognition or other accounting methodologies, assumptions, and estimates that are different from those we use in our current business, which could complicate our financial statements, expose us to additional accounting and audit costs, and increase the risk of accounting errors; 
 acquired businesses may have insufficient internal controls that we must remediate, and the integration of acquired businesses may require us to modify or enhance our own internal controls, in each case resulting in increased administrative expense and risk that we experience control deficiencies or fail to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and 
 acquisitions can sometimes lead to disputes with the former owners of the acquired company, which can result in increased legal expenses, management distraction and the risk that we may suffer an adverse judgment if we are not the prevailing party in the dispute. 
 Our current and planned foreign operations expose us to additional business, financial, regulatory and geopolitical risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 As a result of our acquisition of AlsoEnergy, we now operate in more than 50 countries, including the United States and Canada, and in multiple EU and Latin American countries and Asia. Prior to our acquisition of AlsoEnergy, we operated in only three countries. We may in the future evaluate further opportunities to expand into new geographic markets and introduce new product offerings and services that are an extension of our existing business. We also may from time to time acquire 
 
 17 

businesses or product lines with the potential to strengthen our market position, enable us to enter attractive markets, expand our technological capabilities, or provide synergy opportunities. 
 We have very limited experience operating outside of the U.S. Managing our international expansion will require additional resources and controls, including additional manufacturing and assembly facilities. Furthermore, any additional markets that we may enter could have different characteristics from the markets in which we currently operate, and our success will depend on our ability to adapt properly to these differences. Any further international expansion could subject our business to risks associated with international operations, including: 
 compliance with multiple, potentially conflicting and changing governmental laws, regulations and permitting processes, including trade, labor, environmental, banking, employment, privacy and data protection laws and regulations, such as the EU Data Privacy Directive, as well as tariffs, export quotas, customs duties and other trade restrictions; 
 compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-bribery laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; 
 difficulties in collecting payments in foreign currencies and associated foreign currency exposure; 
 compliance with potentially conflicting and changing laws of taxing jurisdictions where we conduct business and applicable U.S. tax laws as they relate to international operations, the complexity and adverse consequences of such tax laws and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in such tax laws; 
 the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights as fully as do the laws of the U.S. As a result, we may not be able to protect our proprietary rights adequately outside of the U.S.; 
 regional economic and political conditions; 
 conformity with applicable business customs, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 
 lack of availability of government incentives and subsidies; 
 potential changes to our established business model; 
 cost of alternative power sources, which could vary meaningfully outside the U.S.; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations in an environment of diverse culture, laws and customers, and the increased travel, infrastructure and legal and compliance costs associated with international operations; 
 customer installation challenges which we have not encountered before, which may require the development of a unique model for each country; 
 differing levels of demand among members of our customer base, including commercial and industrial customers, utilities, independent power producers and project developers; and 
 restrictions on repatriation of earnings. 
 As a result of these risks, any future international expansion efforts that we may undertake (as well as our acquisition of AlsoEnergy) may not be successful and may negatively affect our results of operations and profitability. 
 
 In addition, there may be adverse effects to our business if there is instability, disruption or destruction in a significant geographic region, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. The U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions in which we operate have imposed severe sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests, and have threatened additional sanctions and controls. The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has exacerbated shortages and shipping delays affecting certain components and supplies. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, supply chains and financial markets. 
 Our platform performance may not meet our customers expectations or needs. 
 The renewable energy projects that our customers construct and own are subject to various operating risks that may cause them to generate less value for our customers than expected. These risks include a failure or wearing out of our or our operators , customers or utilities equipment; an inability to find suitable replacement equipment or parts; less than expected supply or quality of the project s source of electricity and faster than expected diminishment of such electricity supply; or volume disruption in our supply collection and distribution system. Any extended interruption or failure of our customer s projects for any reason to generate the expected amount of output could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there has been in the past, and may be in the future, an adverse impact on our customers 
 
 18 

willingness to continue to procure additional hardware and software-enabled services from us if any of our customer s projects incur operational issues that indicate expected future cash flows from the project are less than the project s carrying value. Any such outcome could adversely affect our operating results or ability to continue to grow our sales volume or to increase sales to existing customers or new customers. 
 If any energy storage systems procured from OEM suppliers and provided to our customers contain manufacturing defects, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 The energy storage systems we pair with our Athena platform are complex energy solutions. We rely on our OEM suppliers to control the quality of the battery storage equipment and other components that make up the energy storage system sold to our customers. We are not involved in the manufacture of the batteries or other components of the energy storage systems. As a result, our ability to seek recourse for liabilities and recover costs from our OEM suppliers depends on our contractual rights as well as the financial condition and integrity of such OEM suppliers that supply us with the batteries and other components of our energy storage systems. Such systems may contain undetected or latent errors or defects. In the past, we have discovered latent defects in energy storage systems. In connection with such defects, we could incur significant expenses or disruptions of our operations, including to our energy storage network, that would prevent us from performing the automated data engineering required to support our AI processes and energy storage network. Any manufacturing defects or other failures of our energy storage systems to perform as expected could cause us to incur significant re-engineering costs, divert the attention of our personnel from operating and maintenance efforts, expose us to adverse regulatory action and litigation and significantly and adversely affect customer satisfaction, market acceptance and our business reputation. Furthermore, our OEM suppliers may be unable to correct manufacturing defects or other failures of any energy storage systems in a manner satisfactory to our customers, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction, market acceptance and our business reputation. 
 On rare occasions, lithium-ion batteries can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion batteries. This faulty result could subject us to lawsuits, product recalls or redesign efforts, all of which would be time consuming and expensive. Also, negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion batteries for energy applications or any future incident involving lithium-ion batteries, such as a plant, vehicle or other fire, even if such incident does not involve hardware provided by us, could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 If our estimates of useful life for our energy storage systems and related hardware and software-enabled services are inaccurate, or if our OEM suppliers do not meet service and performance warranties and guarantees, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 We sell hardware and software-enabled services to our customers. Our software-enabled services are essential to the operation of these hardware products. As a result, in connection with the sales of energy storage hardware, we enter into recurring long-term services agreements with customers for the usage of our Athena platform for approximately 10 to 20 years. Our pricing of services contracts is based upon the value we expect to deliver to our customers, including considerations such as the useful life of the energy storage system and prevailing electricity prices. We also provide performance warranties and guarantees covering the efficiency and output performance of our software-enabled services. We do not have a long history with a large number of field deployments, and our estimates may prove to be incorrect. Failure to meet these performance warranties and guarantee levels may require us to refund our service contract payments to the customer, or require us to make cash payments to the customer based on actual performance, as compared to expected performance. 
 Further, the occurrence of any defects, errors, disruptions in service, or other performance problems, interruptions, or delays associated with our energy storage systems or the Athena platform, whether in connection with day-to-day operations or otherwise, could result in: 
 loss of customers; 
 loss or delayed market acceptance and sales of our hardware and software-enabled services; 
 delays in payment to us by customers; 
 injury to our reputation and brand; 
 legal claims, including warranty and service level agreement claims, against us; or 
 diversion of our resources, including through increased service and warranty expenses or financial concessions, and increased insurance costs. 
 
 19 

The costs incurred in correcting any material defects or errors in our hardware and software or other performance problems may be substantial and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Future product recalls could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Any product recall in the future, whether it involves our or a competitor s product, may result in negative publicity, damage our brand and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the future, we may voluntarily or involuntarily initiate a recall if any of our products are proven to be or possibly could be defective or noncompliant with applicable environmental laws and regulations, including health and safety standards. Such recalls involve significant expense and diversion of management attention and other resources, which could adversely affect our brand image, as well as our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We primarily rely on Amazon Web Services to deliver our services to users on our Athena platform, and any disruption of, or interference with, our use of Amazon Web Services could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently host our Athena platform and support our energy storage network operations on one or more data centers provided by Amazon Web Services AWS ), a third-party provider of cloud infrastructure services. We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of AWS that we use. AWS facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, cybersecurity attacks, terrorist attacks, power outages, and similar events or acts of misconduct. 
 Our Athena platform s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success. We have experienced, and expect that in the future we will experience, interruptions, delays, and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions and capacity constraints. In addition, any changes in AWS service levels may adversely affect our ability to meet the requirements of users on our Athena platform. Since our Athena platform s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success, sustained or repeated system failures would reduce the attractiveness of our hardware and software-enabled services to customers. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, as we expand and our energy storage network grows, increasing customer reliance on the Athena platform. Any negative publicity arising from any disruptions to AWS facilities, and as a result, our Athena platform could adversely affect our reputation and brand and may adversely affect the usage of our hardware and software-enabled services. Any of the above circumstances or events may adversely affect our reputation and brand, reduce the availability or usage of our hardware and software- enabled services, lead to a significant short-term loss of revenue, increase our costs, and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our commercial agreement with AWS will remain in effect until terminated by AWS or us. AWS may terminate the agreement for convenience by providing us at least thirty (30) days advance notice. AWS may also terminate the agreement for cause upon a material breach of the agreement, subject to AWS providing prior written notice and a 30-day cure period, and may in some cases terminate the agreement immediately for cause upon written notice. Even though our platform is entirely in the cloud, we believe that we could transition to one or more alternative cloud infrastructure providers on commercially reasonable terms. If our agreement with AWS is terminated or we add additional cloud infrastructure service providers, we may experience significant costs or downtime for a short period in connection with the transfer to, or the addition of, new cloud infrastructure service providers. However, we do not believe that such transfer to, or the addition of, new cloud infrastructure service providers would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations over the longer term. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our customers depend on our support organization to resolve any technical issues relating to our hardware and software-enabled services. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on the quality of our hardware and software-enabled services, on our business reputation and on strong recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality and highly-responsive technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality and highly-responsive support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our products to existing and prospective customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We offer technical support services with our hardware and software-enabled services and may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in demand for support services, particularly as we increase the size of our customer base. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with changes in support services provided by competitors. It is difficult to predict demand for technical support services and if demand increases significantly, we may be unable to provide satisfactory support services to our customers. Additionally, increased demand for 
 
 20 

these services, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business currently depends on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. The reduction, modification, or elimination of government economic incentives could cause our revenue to decline and adversely affect business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The U.S. federal government and some state and local governments provide incentives to end users and purchasers of our energy storage systems in the form of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives, such as system performance payments and payments for renewable energy credits associated with renewable energy generation. In addition, some countries outside the United States also provide incentives to current and future end users and purchasers of our energy storage systems. We rely on these governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives to significantly lower the effective price of the hardware and software-enabled services we offer to our customers. However, these incentives may expire on a particular date, end when the allocated funding is exhausted, or be reduced or terminated as a matter of regulatory or legislative policy. 
 Our energy storage systems and asset performance monitoring and control solutions have qualified for tax exemptions, incentives or other customer incentives in many states. Some states have utility procurement programs and/or renewable portfolio standards for which our technology is eligible. Our offerings are currently installed in various U.S. states, each of which may have its own enabling policy framework. There is no guarantee that these policies will continue to exist in their current form, or at all. Such state programs may face increased opposition on the U.S. federal, state and local levels in the future. Changes in incentive programs could reduce demand for our offerings, impair sales financing and adversely impact our business results. 
 The economic benefit of our offerings to our customers depends on the cost of electricity available from alternative sources, including local electric utility companies, which cost structure is subject to change. 
 The economic benefit of our offerings to our customers includes, among other things, the benefit of reducing such customer s payments to the local electric utility company. The rates at which electricity is available from a customer s local electric utility company is subject to change and any changes in such rates may affect the relative benefits of our energy storage systems. Factors that could influence these rates include the effect of energy conservation initiatives that reduce electricity consumption, construction of additional power generation plants (including nuclear, coal or natural gas), and technological developments by others in the electric power industry. Further, the local electric utility may impose departing load, standby or other charges on our customers in connection with their acquisition of our energy storage systems, the amounts of which are outside of our control and which may have a material impact on the economic benefit of our energy storage systems to our customers. Changes in the rates offered by local electric utilities and/or in the applicability or amounts of charges and other fees imposed by such utilities on customers acquiring our energy storage systems could adversely affect the demand for our energy storage systems. 
 Additionally, even with available subsidies for our systems, the electricity produced by our energy storage systems is currently not cost competitive in some geographic markets, and we may be unable to reduce our costs to a level at which our energy storage systems would be competitive in such markets. As such, unless the cost of electricity in these markets rises or we are able to generate demand for our energy storage systems based on benefits other than electricity cost savings, our potential for growth in those markets may be limited. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with construction, utility interconnection, cost overruns and delays, including those related to obtaining government permits and other contingencies that may arise in the course of completing installations. 
 Although we generally are not regulated as a utility, federal, state and local government statutes and regulations concerning electricity heavily influence the market for our products and services. These statutes and regulations often relate to electricity pricing, net metering, incentives, taxation and the rules surrounding the interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation for specific technologies. In the U.S., governments frequently modify these statutes and regulations. Governments, often acting through state utility or public service commissions, change and adopt different requirements for utilities and rates for commercial customers on a regular basis. Changes, or in some cases a lack of change, in any of the laws, regulations, ordinances or other rules that apply to customer installations and new technology could make it more costly for our customers to install and operate our energy storage systems on particular sites, and in turn could negatively affect our ability to deliver cost savings to customers for the purchase of electricity. 
 The installation and operation of our energy storage systems at a particular site is also generally subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national, state and local laws and ordinances relating to building codes, safety, environmental protection and related matters, and typically requires obtaining and keeping in good standing various local and other 
 
 21 

governmental approvals and permits, including environmental approvals and permits, that vary by jurisdiction. In some cases, these approvals and permits require periodic renewal. It is difficult and costly to track the requirements of every individual authority having jurisdiction over energy storage system installations, to design our energy storage systems to comply with these varying standards, and for our customers to obtain all applicable approvals and permits. We cannot predict whether or when all permits required for a given customer s project will be granted or whether the conditions associated with the permits will be achievable. The denial or delay of a permit or utility connection essential to a project or the imposition of impractical conditions would impair our customer s ability to develop the project. In addition, we cannot predict whether the permitting process will be lengthened due to complexities and appeals. Delay in the review and permitting process for a project can impair or delay our customers abilities to develop that project or increase the cost so substantially that the project is no longer attractive to our customers. Furthermore, unforeseen delays in the review and permitting process could delay the timing of the installation of our energy storage systems and could therefore adversely affect the timing of the recognition of revenue related to hardware acceptance by our customer, which could adversely affect our operating results in a particular period. 
 In addition, the successful installation of our energy storage systems is dependent upon the availability of and timely connection to the local electric grid. We may be unable to obtain the required consent and authorization of local utilities to ensure successful interconnection to energy grids to enable the successful discharge of renewable energy to customers. Any delays in our customers ability to connect with utilities, delays in the performance of installation-related services or poor performance of installation-related services will have an adverse effect on our results and could cause operating results to vary materially from period to period. 
 Our business depends on customers renewing their services subscriptions. If customers do not continue to use our subscription offerings or if we fail to expand the availability of hardware and software-enabled services available to our customers, our business and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 In addition to upfront sale of hardware and network integration, we depend on customers continuing to subscribe to services enabled by our Athena platform. Therefore, it is important that customers renew their subscriptions when the contract term expires, increase their purchases of our hardware and network solutions and enhance their subscriptions. Customers may decide not to renew their subscriptions with a similar contract period, at the same prices or terms or with the same or a greater number of users or level of functionality. Customer retention may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including satisfaction with software-enabled services and features, functionality of our energy storage hardware and software-enabled services, prices, the features and pricing of competing products, reductions in spending levels, mergers and acquisitions involving customers and deteriorating general economic conditions. 
 If customers do not renew their subscriptions, if they renew on less favorable terms, if they fail to increase their purchase of our hardware and software-enabled services, or if they fail to refer us their customers and partners as potential new customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 Changes in subscriptions or pricing models may not be reflected in near-term operating results. 
 We generally recognize subscription revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their contracts. As a result, most of the subscription revenue reported in each quarter is derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter will likely have only a small impact on revenue for that quarter. However, such a decline will negatively affect revenue in future quarters. In addition, the severity and duration of events may not be predictable and their effects could extend beyond a single quarter. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of subscription services, and potential changes in pricing policies or rate of renewals, may not be fully apparent until future periods. 
 Severe weather events, including the effects of climate change, are inherently unpredictable and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results and financial condition. 
 Our business, including our customers and suppliers, may be exposed to severe weather events and natural disasters, such as tornadoes, tsunamis, tropical storms (including hurricanes), earthquakes, windstorms, hailstorms, severe thunderstorms, flooding, wildfires and other fires, extreme heatwaves, drought and power shut-offs causing, among other things, disruptions to our supply chain or utility interconnections and/or damage to energy storage systems installed at our customers sites. Such damage or disruptions may prevent us from being able to satisfy our contractual obligations or may reduce demand from our customers for our energy storage systems causing our operating results to vary significantly from one period to the next. We may incur losses in our business in excess of: (1) those experienced in prior years, (2) the average expected level used in pricing, or (3) current insurance coverage limits. 
 The incidence and severity of severe weather conditions and other natural disasters are inherently unpredictable. Climate change is projected to affect the occurrence of certain natural events, such as an increase in the frequency or severity of wind 
 
 22 

and thunderstorm events, and tornado or hailstorm events due to increased convection in the atmosphere; more frequent wildfires and subsequent landslides in certain geographies; higher incidence of deluge flooding; and the potential for an increase in severity of the hurricane events due to higher sea surface temperatures. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and elsewhere as a result of climate change have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our suppliers and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. Additionally, climate change and the occurrence of severe weather events may adversely impact the demand, price, and availability of insurance. Due to significant variability associated with future changing climate conditions, we are unable to predict the impact climate change will have on our business. 
 Increased scrutiny from stakeholders and regulators regarding ESG practices and disclosures, including those related to sustainability, and disclosure could result in additional costs and adversely impact our business and reputation. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their Environmental, Social and Governance ESG practices and disclosures and institutional and individual investors are increasingly using ESG screening criteria in making investment decisions. Our disclosures on these matters or a failure to satisfy evolving stakeholder expectations for ESG practices and reporting may potentially harm our reputation and impact employee retention, customer relationships and access to capital. For example, certain market participants use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure a company s ESG practices in making investment decisions and customers and supplies may evaluate our ESG practices or require that we adopt certain ESG policies as a condition of awarding contracts. In addition, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 Our ability to achieve any goal or objective, including with respect to environmental and diversity initiatives and compliance with ESG reporting standards, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include the availability and cost of technologies and products that meet sustainability and ethical supply chain standards, evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures, our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent in our labor markets, and our ability to develop reporting processes and controls that comply with evolving standards for identifying, measuring and reporting ESG metrics. Methodologies for reporting ESG data may be updated and previously reported ESG data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. As ESG best-practices, reporting standards and disclosure requirements continue to develop, we may incur increasing costs related to ESG monitoring and reporting. 
 We Face Risks Related to our DevCo Business Model 
 From time to time, we have entered into strategic joint ventures with qualified third parties to develop energy storage power generation projects DevCo Projects ), as more fully described above under Note 1 Business , of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These projects require upfront investment by us and involve a high degree of risk. The success of this business model depends in large part on the successful development, financing and construction of projects. However, such projects ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital and, in pursuing these projects, we may incur unanticipated liabilities. Successful completion of a project may be adversely affected, delayed or rendered infeasible by numerous factors, including: 
 interconnection costs and capacity constraints; 
 transmission grid congestion issues; 
 delays in obtaining required governmental permits and approvals; 
 regulatory changes that adversely affect energy storage participation in wholesale markets; 
 changes in wholesale market energy and ancillary services prices and costs; 
 construction delays and contractor or developer partner performance shortfalls; 
 cost overruns, including costs related to renting or owning land necessary to develop DevCo Projects; 
 labor, equipment, and material supply shortages, failures or disruptions; and 
 
 23 

force majeure and other events out of our control. 
 In addition, our joint venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with the goals of the DevCo Project. Disagreements with our business partners may impede our ability to recognize the benefits of our DevCo Projects. Our joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their performance or other obligations under the operative documents, and we may be required to fulfill those obligations or to dissolve and liquidate the DevCo Project. 
 If a DevCo Project experiences any of the factors listed above or otherwise fails to reach completion or is significantly delayed, we could lose all or a portion of our development capital investment and our cash advances to purchase hardware. If a DevCo Project fails then we may be unable to recover our investment. Losing or delaying return of all or a portion of our investments in our DevCo Projects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on significant customers for a substantial portion of our revenue. If we fail to retain or expand our customer relationships or significant customers reduce their purchases, our revenue could decline significantly. 
 We depend on a small number of significant customers for our sales, and a small number of customers have historically accounted for a material portion of our revenue. The loss of any one of our significant customers, their inability to perform under their contracts, their termination or failure to renew their contracts with us, or their default in payment could cause our revenue to decline materially. For the near future, we may continue to derive a significant portion of our revenue from a small number of customers. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for approximately 46 of our revenue. Loss of a significant customer or a significant reduction in pricing or order volume from a significant customer could materially reduce our revenue and operating results in any reporting period. 
 In addition, we are subject to credit risk of our customers, and our operating results depend on receipt of timely payments from our customers. Any delay in payment by our customers may have an adverse effect on revenue and operating results. There is no assurance that we will be able to collect all or any of the amounts owed to us in a timely matter. If any of our customers face unexpected situations such as financial difficulties, we may not be able to receive full or any payment of the uncollected sums or enforce any judgment debts against such clients, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Third-Party Partners 
 Our hardware and software-enabled services rely on interconnections to distribution and transmission facilities that are owned and operated by third parties, and as a result, are exposed to interconnection and transmission facility development and curtailment risks. 
 Our hardware and software-enabled services are interconnected with electric distribution and transmission facilities owned and operated by regulated utilities necessary to deliver the electricity that our storage systems produce. A failure or delay in the operation or development of these distribution or transmission facilities could result in a loss of revenues or breach of a contract because such a failure or delay could limit the amount of renewable electricity that our energy storage systems deliver or delay the completion of our customers construction projects. In addition, certain of our energy storage systems generation may be curtailed without compensation due to distribution and transmission limitations, reducing our revenues and impairing our ability to capitalize fully on a particular customer project s potential. Such a failure or curtailment at levels above our expectations could impact our ability to satisfy agreements entered into with our suppliers and adversely affect our business. 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our relationships with third parties, including contractors and project developers 
 We rely on third-party general contractors to install energy storage systems at our customers sites. We currently work with a limited number of general contractors, which has impacted and may continue to impact our ability to facilitate customer installations as planned. Our work with contractors or their subcontractors may have the effect of our being required to comply with additional rules (including rules unique to our customers), working conditions, site remediation and other union requirements, which can add costs and complexity to an installation project. The timeliness, thoroughness and quality of the installation-related services performed by our general contractors and their subcontractors in the past have not always met our expectations or standards and in the future may not meet our expectations and standards and it may be difficult to find and train third-party general contractors that meet our standards at a competitive cost. 
 In addition, we are investing resources in establishing strategic relationships with market players across a variety of industries, including large renewable project developers, to generate new customers. These programs may not roll out as quickly as planned or produce the results we anticipated. A significant portion of our business depends on attracting new 
 
 24 

partners and retaining existing partners. Negotiating relationships with our partners, investing in due diligence efforts with potential partners, training such third parties and contractors and monitoring them for compliance with our standards require significant time and resources and may present greater risks and challenges than expanding a direct sales or installation team. If we are not successful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to grow our business and address our market opportunity could be impaired. Even if we are able to establish and maintain these relationships, we may not be able to execute on our goal of leveraging these relationships to meaningfully expand our business, brand recognition and customer base. Such circumstance would limit our growth potential and our opportunities to generate significant additional revenue or cash flows. 
 We must maintain customer confidence in our long-term business prospects in order to grow our business. 
 Customers may be less likely to purchase our hardware and services if they do not believe that our business will succeed or that our services and support and other operations will continue in the long term. Similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they do not believe that our business will succeed. Accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts, ratings agencies and other parties in our hardware and software-enabled services, long-term financial viability and business prospects. Maintaining such confidence may be particularly complicated by certain factors including those that are largely outside of our control, such as our limited operating history, customer unfamiliarity with our hardware and software-enabled services, delivery and service operations to meet demand, competition, future changes in the evolving distributed and renewable energy markets or uncertainty regarding sales performance compared with market expectations. 
 Accordingly, in order to grow our business, we must maintain confidence among our customers, OEM suppliers, third-party general contractor partners, financing partners and other parties in our long-term business prospects. This may be particularly complicated by factors such as: 
 our limited operating history at current scale; 
 our historical and anticipated near-term lack of profitability; 
 unfamiliarity with or uncertainty about our energy storage systems and the overall perception of the distributed and renewable energy generation markets; 
 prices for electricity in particular markets; 
 competition from alternate sources of energy; 
 warranty or unanticipated service issues we may experience in connection with third-party manufactured hardware and our proprietary software; 
 the environmental consciousness and perceived value of environmental programs to our customers; 
 the size of our expansion plans in comparison to our existing capital base and the scope and history of operations; and 
 the availability and amount of incentives, credits, subsidies or other programs to promote installation of energy storage systems. 
 Several of these factors are largely outside our control, and any negative perceptions about our long-term business prospects, even if unfounded, would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Technology 
 If we are unsuccessful in developing and maintaining our proprietary technology, including our Athena platform, our ability to attract and retain partners could be impaired, our competitive position could be adversely affected and our revenue could be reduced. 
 Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain our proprietary technology that supports our hardware and software-enabled services, including our Athena platform. In the event that our current or future products and services require features that we have not developed or licensed, or we lose the benefit of an existing license, we will be required to develop or obtain such technology through purchase, license or other arrangements. If the required technology is not available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may incur additional expenses in an effort to internally develop the required technology. We have received patents and have filed patent applications with respect to certain aspects of our technology, and we generally rely on patent protection with respect to our proprietary technology, as well as a combination of trade secrets and copyright law, employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements and other protective measures to protect intellectual property rights pertaining to our proprietary technology and hardware and software- enabled services. There can be no assurance that the steps taken by us to protect any of our proprietary technology will be adequate to prevent 
 
 25 

misappropriation of these technologies by third parties. If we were unable to maintain our existing proprietary technology, our ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired, our competitive position could be adversely affected, and our revenue could be reduced. 
 A failure of our information technology IT and data security infrastructure could adversely affect our business and operations. 
 The efficient operation of our business depends on our IT systems, some of which are managed by third-party service providers. We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our IT and data security infrastructure and our ability to effectively manage our business data, accounting, financial, legal and compliance functions, communications, supply chain, order entry and fulfillment, and expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. Our existing IT systems and any new IT systems we utilize may not perform as expected. If we experience a problem with the functioning of an important IT system or a security breach of our IT systems, including during system upgrades or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could adversely affect our business. 
 Despite our implementation of reasonable security measures, our IT systems, like those of other companies, are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, personnel misconduct, human error, unauthorized access, physical or electronic security breaches, cyber-attacks (including malicious and destructive code, phishing attacks, ransomware, and denial of service attacks), and other similar disruptions. Such attacks or security breaches may be perpetrated by bad actors internally or externally (including computer hackers, persons involved with organized crime, or foreign state or foreign state-supported actors). Cybersecurity threat actors employ a wide variety of methods and techniques that are constantly evolving, increasingly sophisticated, and difficult to detect and successfully defend against. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, may further heighten the risk of cyber-attacks. We have experienced such incidents in the past, and any future incidents could expose us to claims, litigation, regulatory or other governmental investigations, administrative fines and potential liability. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. A material network breach in the security of our or our service providers IT systems could include the theft of our trade secrets, customer information, human resources information or other confidential data, including but not limited to personally identifiable information. Although past incidents have not had a material adverse effect on our business operations or financial performance, to the extent that any disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or an inappropriate disclosure of confidential, proprietary or customer information, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and strategic partners, lead to claims against us from governments and private plaintiffs, and otherwise adversely affect our business. We cannot guarantee that future cyberattacks, if successful, will not have a material effect on our business or financial results. 
 Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of cyber incidents involving certain types of data, including personal data. If an actual or perceived cybersecurity breach of security measures, unauthorized access to our system or the systems of the third-party vendors that we rely upon, or any other cybersecurity threat occurs, we may incur liability, costs, or damages, contract termination, our reputation may be compromised, our ability to attract new customers could be negatively affected, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Any compromise of our security could also result in a violation of applicable domestic and foreign security, privacy or data protection, consumer and other laws, regulatory or other governmental investigations, enforcement actions, and legal and financial exposure, including potential contractual liability. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against and remediate damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. While we carry cyber insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 Our technology, including the Athena platform, could have undetected defects, errors or bugs in hardware or software which could reduce market adoption, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers and/or expose us to product liability and other claims that could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We may be subject to claims that our hardware and software-enabled services, including the Athena platform have malfunctioned and persons were injured or purported to be injured. Any insurance that we carry may not be sufficient or it may not apply to all situations. Similarly, to the extent that such malfunctions are related to components obtained from third-party vendors, such vendors may not assume responsibility for such malfunctions. In addition, our customers could be subjected to claims as a result of such incidents and may bring legal claims against us to attempt to hold us liable. Any of these events could adversely affect our brand, relationships with customers, operating results or financial condition. 
 Furthermore, our Athena platform is complex, developed for over a decade by many developers, and includes a number of licensed third-party commercial and open-source software libraries. Our software has contained defects and errors and may in the future contain undetected defects or errors. We are continuing to evolve the features and functionality of our platform through updates and enhancements, and as we do, we may introduce additional defects or errors that may not be detected until 
 
 26 

after deployment to customers through our hardware. In addition, if our hardware and software-enabled services, including any updates or patches, are not implemented or used correctly or as intended, inadequate performance and disruptions in service may result. 
 Any defects or errors in product or services offerings, or the perception of such defects or errors, or other performance problems could result in any of the following, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations: 
 expenditure of significant financial and product development resources, including recalls, in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate or work around errors or defects; 
 loss of existing or potential customers or partners; 
 interruptions or delays in sales; 
 delayed or lost revenue; 
 delay or failure to attain market acceptance; 
 delay in the development or release of new functionality or improvements; 
 negative publicity and reputational harm; 
 sales credits or refunds; 
 exposure of confidential or proprietary information; 
 diversion of development and customer service resources; 
 breach of warranty claims; 
 legal claims under applicable laws, rules and regulations; and 
 the expense and risk of litigation. 
 Although we have contractual protections, such as warranty disclaimers and limitation of liability provisions, in many of our agreements with customers, resellers and other business partners, such protections may not be uniformly implemented in all contracts and, where implemented, may not fully or effectively protect from claims by customers, resellers, business partners or other third parties. Any insurance coverage or indemnification obligations of suppliers may not adequately cover all such claims, or cover only a portion of such claims. A successful product liability, warranty, or other similar claim could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, even claims that ultimately are unsuccessful could result in expenditure of funds in litigation, divert management s time and other resources and cause reputational harm. 
 Our failure to adequately secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly. 
 Although we have taken many protective measures to protect our intellectual property, including trade secrets, policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. For example, many of our software developers reside in California and we cannot legally prevent them from working for a competitor. 
 Also, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation may result in our intellectual property rights being challenged, limited in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. We cannot be certain that the outcome of any litigation will be in our favor, and an adverse determination in any such litigation could impair our intellectual property rights and may adversely affect our business, prospects and reputation. 
 We rely primarily on patent, trade secret and trademark laws, and non-disclosure, confidentiality, and other types of contractual restrictions to establish, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights. However, our rights under these laws and agreements afford us only limited protection and the actions we take to establish, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights may not be adequate. For example, our trade secrets and other confidential information could be disclosed in an unauthorized manner to third parties, our owned or licensed intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, or misappropriated or our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to provide us with a competitive advantage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, we rely on our brand names, trade names and trademarks to distinguish our products and services, such as our Athena platform, from the products of our competitors; however, third parties may oppose our trademark 
 
 27 

applications, or otherwise challenge our use of such trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged and we lose rights to use those trademarks, we could be forced to rebrand our products and services, which could result in the loss of goodwill and brand recognition. In addition, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights as fully as do the laws of the U.S. As a result, we may not be able to protect our proprietary rights adequately abroad. 
 Our patent applications may not result in issued patents, and our issued patents may not provide adequate protection, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting products similar to ours. 
 We cannot be certain that our pending patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our issued patents will afford protection against a competitor. The status of patents involves complex legal and factual questions, and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that we file will result in patents being issued, or that our patents and any patents that may be issued to us in the future will afford protection against competitors with similar technology. In addition, patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the U.S., and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications related to issued U.S. patents will be issued in other regions. Furthermore, even if these patent applications are accepted and the associated patents issued, some foreign countries provide significantly less effective patent enforcement than in the U.S. 
 In addition, patents issued to us may be infringed upon or designed around by others and others may obtain patents that we need to license or design around, either of which would increase costs and may adversely affect our business, prospects, and operating results. 
 We may need to defend ourselves against claims that we infringe, have misappropriated or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others, which may be time consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs. 
 Companies, organizations, or individuals, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents, trademarks, or other proprietary rights that they may in the future believe are infringed by our products and services. Although we are not currently subject to any claims related to intellectual property, these companies holding patents or other intellectual property rights allegedly relating to our technologies could, in the future, make claims or bring suits alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violations of such rights, or otherwise asserting their rights and seeking licenses or injunctions. Several of the proprietary components used in our energy storage systems have been subjected to infringement challenges in the past. We also generally indemnify our customers against claims that the hardware and software-enabled services we supply infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate third-party intellectual property rights, and we may therefore be required to defend our customers against such claims. If a claim is successfully brought in the future and we or our hardware and software-enabled services are determined to have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated a third-party s intellectual property rights, we may be required to do one or more of the following: 
 cease selling products or services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 
 pay substantial damages (including treble damages and attorneys fees if our infringement is determined to be willful); 
 obtain a license from the holder of the intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; or 
 redesign our products or services, which may not be possible or cost-effective. 
 Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could adversely affect our reputation, result in substantial costs, and divert resources and management attention. 
 We also license technology from third parties, and incorporate components supplied by third parties into our hardware. We may face claims that our use of such technology or components infringes or otherwise violates the rights of others, which would subject us to the risks described above. We may seek indemnification from our licensors or suppliers under our contracts with them, but our rights to indemnification or our suppliers resources may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our costs and losses. 
 Regulatory Risks 
 The installation and operation of our energy storage systems are subject to environmental laws and regulations in various jurisdictions, and there is uncertainty with respect to the interpretation of certain environmental laws and regulations to our energy storage systems, especially as these regulations evolve over time. 
 We are subject to national, state and local environmental laws and regulations, as well as environmental laws in those foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Environmental laws and regulations can be complex and may change often. These 
 
 28 

laws can give rise to liability for administrative oversight costs, cleanup costs, property damage, bodily injury, fines and penalties. We are committed to compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, including health and safety standards, and we continually review the operation of our energy storage systems for health, safety and compliance. Our energy storage systems, like other battery technology-based products of which we are aware, produce small amounts of hazardous wastes and air pollutants, and we seek to ensure that they are handled in accordance with applicable regulatory standards. 
 Maintaining compliance with laws and regulations can be challenging given the changing patchwork of environmental laws and regulations that prevail at the U.S. federal, state, regional and local levels and in foreign countries in which we operate. Most existing environmental laws and regulations preceded the introduction of battery technology and were adopted to apply to technologies existing at the time, namely large, coal, oil or gas-fired power plants. Currently, there is generally little guidance from these agencies on how certain environmental laws and regulations may, or may not, be applied to our technology. 
 In many instances, our technology is moving faster than the development of applicable regulatory frameworks. It is possible that regulators could delay or prevent us from conducting our business in some way pending agreement on, and compliance with, shifting regulatory requirements. Such actions could delay the sale to and installation by customers of energy storage systems, require their modification or replacement, result in fines, or trigger claims of performance warranties and defaults under customer contracts that could require us to refund hardware or service contract payments, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial performance and reputation. 
 Existing regulations and changes to such regulations impacting the electric power industry may create technical, regulatory and economic barriers which could significantly reduce demand for our energy storage systems. 
 The market for electricity generation products is heavily influenced by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign government regulations and policies, as well as by tariffs, internal policies and practices of electric utility providers. These regulations, tariffs and policies often relate to electricity pricing and technical interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. These regulations, tariffs and policies are often modified and could continue to change, and this could result in a significant reduction in demand for our energy storage systems. For example, utility companies commonly charge fees industrial customers for disconnecting from the electric grid or for having the capacity to use power from the electric grid for back-up purposes. These fees could change, increasing the cost to our customers of using our offerings and making them less economically attractive. 
 Negative attitudes toward renewable energy projects from the U.S. government, other lawmakers and regulators, and activists could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Parties with an interest in other energy sources, including lawmakers, regulators, policymakers, environmental and advocacy organizations or other activists may invest significant time and money in efforts to delay, repeal or otherwise negatively influence regulations and programs that promote renewable energy. Many of these parties have substantially greater resources and influence than we have. Further, changes in U.S. federal, state or local political, social or economic conditions, including a lack of legislative focus on these programs and regulations, could result in their modification, delayed adoption or repeal. Any failure to adopt, delay in implementing, expiration, repeal or modification of these programs and regulations, or the adoption of any programs or regulations that encourage the use of other energy sources over renewable energy, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Opposition to our customers project requests for permits or successful challenges or appeals to permits issued for their projects could adversely affect our operating plans. 
 A decrease in acceptance of renewable energy projects by local populations, an increase in the number of legal challenges, or an unfavorable outcome of such legal challenges could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and reduce their demand for our hardware and software-enabled services. For example, persons, associations and groups could oppose renewable energy projects in general or our customers projects specifically, citing, for example, misuse of water resources, landscape degradation, land use, food scarcity or price increase and harm to the environment. Moreover, regulation may restrict the development of renewable energy plants in certain areas. In order to develop a renewable energy project, our customers are typically required to obtain, among other things, environmental impact permits or other authorizations and building permits, which in turn require environmental impact studies to be undertaken and public hearings and comment periods to be held during which any person, association or group may oppose a project. The effect of such public opposition to renewable energy projects and any resulting reduction in customer demand for our hardware and software-enabled services could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in the U.S. trade environment, including the imposition of import tariffs, could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenues, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 29 

Escalating trade tensions, particularly between the United States and China, have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions, including tariffs applicable to certain materials and components for products used in solar energy projects and the renewable energy market more broadly, such as module supply and availability. More specifically, in March 2018, the United States imposed a 25 tariff on steel imports and a 10 tariff on aluminum imports pursuant to Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 and has imposed additional tariffs on steel and aluminum imports pursuant to Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. To the extent we source products that contain overseas supplies of steel and aluminum, these tariffs could result in interruptions in the supply chain and negatively affect costs and our gross margins. Additionally, in January 2018, the United States adopted a tariff on imported solar modules and cells pursuant to Section 201 of the Trade Act of 1974. The tariff was initially set at 30 , with a gradual reduction over four years to 15 . While this tariff does not apply directly to the components we import, it may indirectly affect us by affecting the financial viability of solar energy projects, which could in turn reduce demand for our products. Furthermore, in July 2018, the United States adopted a 10 tariff on a long list of products imported from China under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, including, inverters and power optimizers, which became effective on September 24, 2018. In June 2019, the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative increased the rate of such tariffs from 10 to 25 . While these tariffs are not directly applicable to our products, they could negatively affect the solar energy projects in which our products are used, which could lead to decreased demand for our products. 
 In addition, the United States currently imposes antidumping and countervailing duties on certain imported crystalline silicon photovoltaic PV cells and modules from China and Taiwan. Such antidumping and countervailing duties can change over time pursuant to annual reviews conducted by the U.S. Department of Commerce USDOC ), and an increase in duty rates could have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
 In February 2022, Auxin Solar Inc., a U.S. producer of crystalline silicon PV products, petitioned the USDOC to investigate alleged circumvention of antidumping and countervailing duties on Chinese imports by crystalline silicon PV cells and module imports assembled and completed in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. On March 28, 2022, the USDOC announced that it would investigate the circumvention alleged in the petition. The timing and progress of many of our customers projects depend upon the supply of PV cells and modules. As a result, if the USDOC makes negative circumvention determinations, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Tariffs, and the possibility of additional tariffs in the future, have created uncertainty in the industry. This has resulted in, and may continue to result in, some project delays. If the price of solar systems or energy storage systems in the United States increases, the use of these products could become less economically feasible and could reduce our gross margins or reduce the demand of such systems manufactured and sold, which in turn may decrease demand for our products. Additionally, existing or future tariffs may negatively affect key customers, suppliers, and manufacturing partners. Such outcomes could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenues, results of operations or cash flows, and continuing uncertainty could cause sales volatility, price fluctuations or supply shortages, or cause our customers to advance or delay their purchase of our products. It is difficult to predict what further trade-related actions governments may take, which may include additional or increased tariffs and trade restrictions, and we may be unable to quickly and effectively react to such actions. 
 Additional Risks Related to our Securities and Our Capital Structure 
 We may issue a significant number of shares in the future in connection with investments or acquisitions. 
 We may issue securities in the future in connection with investments or acquisitions or otherwise. The amount of shares of common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business, and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 30 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate consolidated financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the NYSE. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs; make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly; and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. 
 Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. In addition, changes in accounting principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal controls and require that we establish new business processes, systems, and controls to accommodate such changes. Additionally, if these new systems, controls, or standards and the associated process changes do not give rise to the benefits that we expect or do not operate as intended, it could adversely affect our financial reporting systems and processes, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports, or the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, our business may be harmed if we experience problems with any new systems and controls that result in delays in their implementation or increased costs to correct any post-implementation issues that may arise. 
 Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our business or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE. We are required to provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 
 If analysts do not publish research about our business or if they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that analysts publish about our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If few analysts cover us, demand for our common stock could decrease and our common stock price and trading volume may decline. Similar results may occur if one or more of these analysts stop covering us in the future or fail to publish reports on us regularly. 
 The trading price of our common stock is volatile. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile. You may not be able to resell your shares at an attractive price due to a number of factors such as those listed in - Risks Relating to Stem s Business and Industry and the following: 
 results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 
 
 31 

the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effect on the Company s business and financial conditions; 
 changes in expectations as to the Company s future financial performance, including financial estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors; 
 declines in the market prices of stocks generally; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint ventures, other strategic relationships or capital commitments; 
 any significant change in the Company s senior management; 
 changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in the Company s industry or markets, including as a result of a general economic slowdown or a recession, increasing interest rates and changes in monetary policy, or inflationary pressures; 
 changes in business or regulatory conditions, including new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to the Company s business; 
 future sales of our common stock or other securities or the incurrence of significant debt; 
 investor perceptions or the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other investment alternatives; 
 the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including the Company s filings with the SEC; 
 litigation involving the Company, the Company s industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into the Company s operations or those of the Company s competitors; 
 financial and operating guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or the Company s failure to meet this guidance; 
 the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock; 
 actions by institutional or activist stockholders; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism or responses to these events. 
 These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. 
 In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from the Company s business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations and other key metrics are likely to fluctuate on a quarterly basis in future periods, which could cause our results for a particular period to fall below expectations, resulting in a severe decline in the price of our common stock. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations and other key metrics have fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For example, the amount of revenue we recognize in a given period is materially dependent on the volume of purchases of our energy storage systems and software-enabled services in that period. 
 In addition to the other risks described herein, the following factors could also cause our financial condition and results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly basis: 
 the timing of customer installations of our hardware, which may depend on many factors such as availability of inventory, product quality or performance issues, or local permitting requirements, utility requirements, environmental, health and safety requirements, weather and customer facility construction schedules, and availability and schedule of our third-party general contractors; 
 
 32 

the sizes of particular customer hardware installations and the number of sites involved in any particular quarter; 
 delays or cancellations of energy storage system purchases and installations; 
 fluctuations in our service costs, particularly due to unaccrued costs of servicing and maintaining energy storage systems; 
 weaker than anticipated demand for our energy storage systems due to changes in government incentives and policies; 
 interruptions in our supply chain; 
 the timing and level of additional purchases by existing customers; 
 unanticipated expenses or installation delays incurred by customers due to changes in governmental regulations, permitting requirements by local authorities at particular sites, utility requirements and environmental, health and safety requirements; and 
 disruptions in our sales, production, service or other business activities resulting from our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel. 
 In addition, our revenue, key operating metrics and other operating results in future quarters may fall short of the expectations of investors and financial analysts, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws may have an anti- takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 
 These provisions, among other things: 
 establish a staggered board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of our board of directors will be elected at one time; 
 authorize our board of directors to issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval and create, subject to applicable law, a series of preferred stock with preferential rights to dividends or our assets upon liquidation, or with superior voting rights to our existing common stock; 
 eliminate the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 
 eliminate the ability of stockholders to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at our annual stockholder meetings; 
 permit our board of directors to establish the number of directors; 
 provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our Amended and Restated Bylaws; 
 provide that stockholders can remove directors only for cause and only upon the approval of not less than 66 2 3 of all outstanding shares of our voting stock; 
 require the approval of not less than 66 2 3 of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend our Amended and Restated Bylaws and specific provisions of our Amended and Restated Charter; and 
 limit the jurisdictions in which certain stockholder litigation may be brought. 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination specified in the statute with an interested stockholder (as defined in the statute) for a period of three (3) years after the date of the transaction in which the person first becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in advance by a majority of the independent directors or by the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding disinterested shares. The application of Section 203 of the DGCL could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company. 
 These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if the third-party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 
 
 33 

Our Amended and Restated Charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 Our Amended and Restated Charter provides that, that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, or other employee arising pursuant to the DGCL, (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or (v) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or another state court or the federal court located within the State of Delaware if the Court of Chancery does not have or declines to accept jurisdiction), in all cases subject to the court s having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants. 
 In addition, our Amended and Restated Charter provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act but that the forum selection provision does not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Amended and Restated Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. For example, under the Securities Act, federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consent to this exclusive forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Our ability to issue shares of common stock beyond 400 million may be affected by a recent Delaware Court of Chancery decision 
 A recent decision of the Delaware Court of Chancery involving a Delaware special purpose acquisition company s SPAC that did not obtain a separate class vote of the SPAC s Class A common stockholders in connection with certain amendments to that SPAC s certificate of incorporation (the Decision has created uncertainty as to whether such a vote was required under Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. This in turn has created uncertainty as to whether the Company properly authorized and can issue common stock beyond the 400 million shares originally authorized in the Company s prior Certificate of Incorporation, even though the Company s stockholders voted on April 27, 2021, in favor of an increase in the number of authorized common stock from 400 million to 500 million (the Share Increase ). As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company has issued only 154.6 million shares of common stock and reserved 50.5 million shares of common stock, primarily for the exercise or vesting of outstanding long-term incentive awards and the potential issuance of our common stock in connection with the conversion of the 2028 Convertible Notes. 
 The Share Increase was approved at the time of the business combination between Stem and Star Peak Energy Transition Corp. by a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock. The Company did not obtain a separate vote of a majority of the Class A common stock for the Share Increase Amendment. While the Company does not believe that a separate vote of the Class A common stock was required to approve the Share Increase, the Decision raises the question whether the Company was required to obtain a separate affirmative vote of the Class A common stock in order to increase the authorized share count from 400 million to 500 million under the Delaware General Corporation Law. In light of the Court s December 27, 2022 decision, we are considering various options, including potentially seeking validation of the Share Increase Amendment by the Court pursuant to Section 205 of the DGCL. 
 The capped call transactions we entered into in connection with the pricing of our 2028 Convertible Notes may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 In connection with the pricing of the 2028 Convertible Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with several affiliates of the Initial Purchasers (the Option Counterparties ). The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to our common stock upon conversion of any Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 
 34 

In addition, the Option Counterparties and/or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock in secondary market transactions and prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes (and are likely to do so on each exercise date for the capped call transactions or following any termination of any portion of the capped call transactions in connection with any repurchase, redemption or early conversion of the Convertible Notes). This activity could cause or avoid an increase or decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions. 
 The Option Counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. Past global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the capped call transactions with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. 
 Most members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage us as a public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Future litigation or administrative proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have been and continue to be involved in legal proceedings, administrative proceedings, claims, and other litigation. In addition, since our energy storage product is a new type of product in a nascent market, we have in the past needed and may in the future need to seek the amendment of existing regulations or, in some cases, the creation of new regulations, in order to operate our business in some jurisdictions. Such regulatory processes may require public hearings concerning our business, which could expose us to subsequent litigation. Unfavorable outcomes or developments relating to proceedings to which we are a party or transactions involving our products and services, such as judgments for monetary damages, injunctions, or denial or revocation of permits, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, settlement of claims could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. 
 Unfavorable economic conditions, such as a general slowdown or recession of the global or U.S. economy, uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, or inflation and rising interest rates, could reduce investment in projects that make use of our services. In addition, sustained unfavorable economic conditions might also have a negative impact on many of our customers or suppliers, which could impair their ability to meet their obligations to us. If economic and market conditions globally, in the U.S. or in other key markets become more volatile or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Francisco, California. This facility comprises approximately 23,500 square feet of office space. We lease this facility. We have additional facilities, including in the following locations: 
 
 35 

Type of Space Location Approximate Square Footage Leased or Owned Office and Warehouse Burlingame, California 20,800 square feet Leased Office Boulder, Colorado 15,800 square feet Leased Warehouse Longmont, Colorado 13,950 square feet Leased Warehouse Niwot, Colorado 7,800 square feet Leased 
 We believe our space is adequate for our current needs and that suitable additional or substitute space will be available to accommodate the foreseeable expansion of our operations. For more information about our material lease commitments, see Note 8 Leases , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information with respect to this Item 3. Legal Proceedings is set forth in Note 20 Commitments and Contingencies, in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

36 

Part II. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbol STEM. 
 Holders 
 As of February 9, 2023, there were 108 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund the growth of our business. The payment of cash dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and may be affected by various factors, including our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, share repurchase activity, current and future planned strategic growth initiatives, levels of indebtedness, and other considerations our Board of Directors deem relevant. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or deemed to be filed with the SEC, for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act. 
 The following graph compares (i) the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock from August 20, 2020 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol STPK. through December 31, 2022 with (ii) the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index RUT and the Nasdaq Clean Edge Green Energy Index CELS over the same period, assuming the investment of 100 in our common stock and in both of the other indices on August 20, 2020 and the reinvestment of dividends. As discussed above, we have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock and do not anticipate declaring or paying a cash dividend in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Except as previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K, no other unregistered sales of our common stock were made during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

37 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None, other than shares of our common stock repurchased pursuant to net settlement by employees in satisfaction of income tax withholding obligations incurred through the vesting of stock awards. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. In addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report, particularly in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 This MD A section generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in the section entitled Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results or Operations contained in our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022. 
 
 The Merger 
 The information regarding the Merger set forth in the first paragraph of Item 1. Business History above is incorporated herein by reference . See also Note 1 Business , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . For financial reporting purposes, Legacy Stem is treated as the accounting acquirer. 
 
 Acquisition of AlsoEnergy 
 On February 1, 2022, we acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of AlsoEnergy. The transaction combines our storage optimization capabilities with AlsoEnergy s solar asset performance monitoring and control software. Through AlsoEnergy, we provide end-to-end turnkey solutions that monitor and manage renewable energy systems through AlsoEnergy s PowerTrack software. PowerTrack includes data acquisitions and monitoring, performance modelling, agency reporting, internal reports, work order tickets, and supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA controls. AlsoEnergy has deployed systems at various international locations, but its primary customer base is in the United States, Germany and Canada. The total consideration for the AlsoEnergy acquisition was 652.0 million, comprised of 543.1 million paid in cash net of a working capital adjustment for an escrow recovery, and 108.9 million in the form of 8,621,006 shares of our common stock. We incurred 6.1 million of transaction costs related to the acquisition of AlsoEnergy, which were recorded in general and administrative expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 . See Note 6 Business Combinations, in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to maximize the economic, environmental, and resiliency value of energy assets through our leading AI platform. In order to fulfill our mission, we provide our customers, which include commercial and industrial C I enterprises as well as independent power producers, renewable project developers, utilities and grid operators, with (i) an energy storage system, sourced from leading, global battery original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), that we deliver through our partners, including developers, distributors, and engineering, procurement and construction firms, (ii) edge hardware to aid in the collection of site data and the real-time operation and control of the site plus other optional equipment, (iii) ongoing software platform and professional services to operate integrated energy storage, and solar systems, through our Athena artificial intelligence AI platform Athena ), and (iv) solar asset performance monitoring and control, through Athena s PowerTrack application. In addition, in all the markets where we help manage our customers clean energy assets, we have agreements to use the Athena platform to participate in such markets and to share the revenue from such market participation. 
 We operate in two key areas within the energy storage landscape: Behind-the-Meter BTM and Front-of-the-Meter FTM ). An energy system s position in relation to a customer s electric meter determines whether it is designated a BTM or 
 
 38 

FTM system. BTM systems provide power that can be used on-site without interacting with the electric grid and passing through an electric meter. Our software reduces C I customer energy bills, increases their energy yield, and helps our customers facilitate the achievement of their corporate environmental, social, and corporate governance ESG objectives. 
 FTM, grid-connected systems provide power to off-site locations and must pass through an electric meter prior to reaching an end-user. Through Athena, our FTM storage systems decrease risk for project developers, lead asset professionals, independent power producers and investors by adapting to dynamic energy market conditions in connection with the deployment of electricity and improving the value of energy storage over the course of their FTM system s lifetime. Through PowerTrack, our software maximizes FTM energy output and minimizes asset downtime. 
 Through our February 2022 acquisition of AlsoEnergy, we combined our storage optimization capabilities with solar asset performance monitoring and control software. 
 Since our inception in 2009, we have engaged in developing and marketing software-enabled services, raising capital, and recruiting personnel. We have incurred net operating losses and negative cash flows from operations each year since our inception. We have financed our operations primarily through proceeds received from the Merger, the issuance of convertible preferred stock, convertible senior notes, debt financing, and cash flows from customers. 
 Our total revenue grew from 127.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 363.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of 124.1 million and 101.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 632.1 million. 
 
 We expect that our sales and marketing, research and development, regulatory and other expenses will continue to increase as we expand our marketing efforts to increase sales of our solutions, expand existing relationships with our customers, and obtain regulatory clearances or approvals for future product enhancements. In addition, we expect our general and administrative costs and expenses to increase due to the additional costs associated with scaling our business operations as well as being a public company, including legal, accounting, insurance, exchange listing and SEC compliance, investor relations, and other costs and expenses. 
 
 Key Factors, Trends and Uncertainties Affecting our Business 
 We believe that our performance and future success depend on several factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including but not limited to: 
 Decline in Lithium-Ion Battery Costs 
 Our revenue growth is directly tied to the continued adoption of energy storage systems by our customers. The cost of lithium-ion energy storage hardware has generally declined over the last decade, notwithstanding increases in recent months. The market for energy storage is rapidly evolving, and while we believe costs will continue to decline over time, there is no guarantee. If costs do not continue to decline, or do not decline as quickly as we anticipate, this could adversely affect our ability to increase our revenue and grow our business. The United States Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into law on August 16, 2022 and includes incentives and tax credits aimed at reducing the effects of climate change, such as a tax credit for stand-alone battery storage projects. The implementation of the IRA is expected to further reduce the cost of battery storage systems for certain customers; however, there are numerous restrictions and requirements associated with qualifying for the tax credits and other incentives available under the IRA, and the Company continues to assess how the IRA may affect its business. 
 Increase in Deployment of Renewables 
 Deployment of intermittent resources has accelerated over the last decade, and today, wind and solar have become a low cost fuel source. We expect the cost of generating renewable energy to continue to decline and deployments of energy storage systems to increase. As renewable energy sources of energy production are expected to represent a larger proportion of energy generation, grid instability rises due to their intermittency, which can be addressed by energy storage solutions. The IRA is expected to further increase the deployment of renewable energy assets. We are continuing to evaluate the IRA and its requirements, as well as the application to our business and our customers. 
 
 39 

Competition 
 We are a market leader in terms of capacity of energy storage under management. We intend to strengthen our competitive position over time by leveraging the network effect of Athena s AI infrastructure. Existing competitors may expand their product offerings and sales strategies, and new competitors may enter the market. Furthermore, our competitors include other types of software providers and some hardware manufacturers that offer software solutions. If our market share declines due to increased competition, our revenue and ability to generate profits in the future may be adversely affected. 
 Government Regulation and Compliance 
 Although we are not regulated as a utility, the market for our product and services is heavily influenced by federal, state, and local government statutes and regulations concerning electricity. These statutes and regulations, like the IRA, affect electricity pricing, net metering, incentives, taxation, competition with utilities, and the interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. In the United States and internationally, governments continuously modify these statutes and regulations and acting through state utility or public service commissions, regularly change and adopt different rates for commercial customers. These changes can positively or negatively affect our ability to deliver cost savings to customers. 
 Supply Chain Constraints and Risk; COVID-19 
 We rely on a very small number of suppliers of energy storage systems and other equipment. If any of our suppliers were unable or unwilling to provide us with contracted quantities in a timely manner at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, we will have very limited alternatives for supply, and we may not be able find suitable replacements for our customers, if at all. Such an event could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted and may continue to result in widespread adverse effects on the global and U.S. economies. Ongoing government and business responses to COVID-19, along with COVID-19 variants and the resurgence of related disruptions, could have a continued material adverse impact on economic and market conditions and amplify effects of a global and U.S. economic slowdown. 
 In addition, the global supply chain and our industry have experienced significant disruptions in recent periods. We have seen supply chain challenges and logistics constraints increase, including shortages of inverters, enclosures, battery modules and associated component parts for inverters and battery energy storage systems available for purchase. In certain cases, this has caused delays in critical equipment and inventory, longer lead times, and has resulted in cost volatility. These shortages and delays can be attributed in part to the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting government action, as well as broader macroeconomic conditions, such as labor shortages, rising inflation, rising interest rates, and a recessionary environment and geographical instability, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and rising tensions between China and Taiwan. If these shortages and delays persist into 2023, they could adversely affect the timing of when battery energy storage systems can be delivered and installed, and when (or if) we can begin to generate revenue from those systems. In addition, we have experienced and are experiencing varying levels of volatility in costs of equipment and labor resulting in part from disruptions caused by general global economic conditions, including inflationary pressures and the COVID 19 pandemic. 
 As the COVID-19 pandemic reaches endemic stages, the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations remains highly dependent on future developments. Given the dynamic nature of these circumstances on our ongoing business, results of operations and overall financial performance, the future impact of COVID-19 and other macroeconomic factors, including the conflict in Ukraine, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. In the event we are unable to mitigate the impact of delays or price volatility in energy storage systems, raw materials, and freight, it could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 DevCo Joint Ventures 
 From time to time, the Company, through an indirect wholly-owned development subsidiary, has entered into strategic joint ventures with qualified third parties to develop select energy storage power generation projects DevCo Projects ), as more fully described above under Note 1 Business in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These projects require significant upfront investment by us and involve a high degree of risk. If a DevCo Project fails to reach completion or is significantly delayed, we could lose all or a portion of our development capital investment. See We Face Risks Related to our DevCo Business Model in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on From 10-K for additional information about certain risks related to these DevCo Projects. 
 
 40 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to financial results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP , we use Adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP gross margin, which are non-GAAP financial measures, for financial and operational decision making and as a means to evaluate our operating performance and prospects, develop internal budgets and financial goals, and to facilitate period-to-period comparisons. Our management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance and liquidity by excluding certain expenses and expenditures that may not be indicative of our operating performance, such as stock-based compensation and other non-cash charges, as well as discrete cash charges that are infrequent in nature. We believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management s internal comparisons to our historical performance and liquidity as well as comparisons to our competitors operating results. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors both because they (1) allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision making and (2) are used by our institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the health of our business. Adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP gross margin should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to, other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Non-GAAP Gross Margin 
 We define non-GAAP gross margin as gross margin excluding amortization of capitalized software and impairments related to decommissioning of end-of-life systems. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of gross margin (GAAP) to non-GAAP gross margin in millions, except for percentages): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue 363.0 127.4 Cost of revenue (329.9) (126.1) GAAP Gross Margin 33.1 1.3 GAAP Gross Margin ) 9 1 Adjustments to Gross Margin (1) : 
 Amortization of capitalized software developed technology 10.7 5.3 Impairments 3.5 4.6 Non-GAAP Gross Margin 47.3 11.2 Non-GAAP Gross Margin ) 13 9 
 (1) Historically, management included a separate Other Adjustments caption in the table above as part of the adjustments to gross margin. Other Adjustments consisted of certain operating expenses including communication and cloud service expenditures reclassified to cost of revenue. Other Adjustments are no longer in the calculation of Non-GAAP Gross Margin and Non-GAAP Gross Margin . Amounts reported for 2021 have been revised accordingly. We believe this change reflects a more accurate representation of our business for stakeholders to assess its performance. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 As discussed above, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful for investors to use in comparing our financial performance with the performance of other companies. Nonetheless, the expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude when calculating Adjusted EBITDA. 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net loss before depreciation and amortization, including amortization of internally developed software, net interest expense, further adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation and other income and expense items, including transaction and acquisition related charges, the change in fair value of warrants and embedded derivatives, vesting of warrants, loss on extinguishment of debt, litigation settlement and income tax provision or benefit. The expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude when calculating Adjusted EBITDA . 
 
 41 

The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net loss (124,054) (101,211) Adjusted to exclude the following: Depreciation and amortization expense 48,783 29,098 Interest expense 10,468 17,395 Loss on extinguishment of debt 5,064 Stock-based compensation 28,661 13,546 Vesting of warrants 9,183 Change in fair value of warrants and embedded derivatives (3,424) Transaction costs in connection with business combination 6,068 Litigation settlement (727) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes (15,161) Adjusted EBITDA (45,962) (30,349) 

42 

Financial Results and Key Metrics 
 The following table presents our financial results and our key metrics (in millions, except for percentages and unless otherwise noted): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Financial Results Revenue 363.0 127.4 GAAP Gross Margin 33.1 1.3 GAAP Gross Margin ) 9 1 Non-GAAP Gross Margin 47.3 11.2 Non-GAAP Gross Margin ) 13 9 Net loss (124.1) (101.2) Adjusted EBITDA (46.0) (30.3) Key Operating Metrics 12-Month pipeline (in billions) (1) 7.1 4.0 Bookings (2) 1,056.9 416.5 Contracted backlog (3) 969.0 449.0 Contracted storage AUM (in GWh) (4) 2.5 1.6 Solar monitoring AUM (in GW) (5) 25.0 CARR (6) 65.3 at period end not available (1) As described below. 
 (2) As described below. 
 (3) Total value of bookings in dollars, as reflected on a specific date. Backlog increases as new contracts are executed (bookings) and decreases as integrated storage systems are delivered and recognized as revenue. 
 (4) Total GWh of systems in operation or under contract. 
 (5) Total GW of systems in operation or under contract. (6) Contracted Annual Recurring Revenue (CARR): Annual run rate for all executed software services contracts including contracts signed in the period for systems that are not yet commissioned or operating. 
 Pipeline 
 Pipeline represents the total value (excluding market participation revenue) of uncontracted, potential hardware and software contracts that are currently being pursued by our direct salesforce and channel partners with developers and independent power producers seeking energy optimization services and transfer of energy storage systems that have a reasonable likelihood of execution within 12 months of the end of the relevant period based on project timelines published by such developers and independent power producers. We cannot guarantee that the pipeline will result in meaningful revenue or profitability. 
 Beginning with the first quarter of 2023, we will no longer report 12-month Pipeline as we believe that contracted backlog is a more efficient metric of near and medium term revenue. 
 Bookings 
 Due to the long-term nature of our contracts, bookings are a key metric that allows us to understand and evaluate the growth of our Company and our estimated future revenue related to customer contracts for our energy optimization services and transfer of energy storage systems. Bookings represents the accumulated value at a point in time of contracts that have been executed under both our host customer and partnership sales models. 

43 

For host customer sales, bookings represent the expected consideration from energy optimization services contracts, including estimated incentive payments that are earned by the host customer from utility companies in relation to the services provided by us and assigned by the host customer to us. For host customer sales, there are no differences between bookings and remaining performance obligations at any point in time. 
 For partnership sales, bookings are the sum of the expected consideration to be received from the transfer of hardware and energy optimization services (excluding any potential revenues from market participation). For partnership sales, even though we have secured an executed contract with estimated timing of project delivery and installation from the customer, we do not consider it a contract in accordance with FASB ASU 2014-09 Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606) , or a remaining performance obligation, until the customer has placed a binding purchase order. A signed customer contract is considered a booking as this indicates the customer has agreed to place a purchase order in the foreseeable future, which typically occurs within three months of contract execution. However, executed customer contracts, without binding purchase orders, are cancellable without penalty by either party. 
 For partnership sales, once a purchase order has been executed, the booking is considered to be a contract in accordance with ASC 606, and therefore, gives rise to a remaining performance obligation as we have an obligation to transfer hardware and energy optimization services in our partnership agreements. We also have the contractual right to receive consideration for our performance obligations. 
 The accounting policy and timing of revenue recognition for host customer contracts and partnership arrangements that qualify as contracts with customers under ASC 606, are described within Note 3- Revenue , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate services and other revenue and hardware revenue. Services and other revenue is mainly generated through arrangements with host customers to provide energy optimization services using our proprietary software platform coupled with a dedicated energy storage system owned and controlled by us throughout the term of the contract. Fees charged to customers for energy optimization services generally consist of recurring fixed monthly payments throughout the term of the contract and in some arrangements, an installation and/or upfront fee component. We may also receive incentives from utility companies in relation to the sale of our services. Services and other revenue also includes the sale of project assets. 
 We generate hardware revenue through partnership arrangements consisting of promises to sell an energy storage system to solar plus storage project developers. Performance obligations are satisfied when the energy storage system along with all ancillary hardware components are delivered. The milestone payments received before the delivery of hardware are treated as deferred revenue. We separately generate services revenue through partnership arrangements by providing energy optimization services after the developer completes the installation of the project. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of services and other revenue includes depreciation of the cost of energy storage systems we own under long-term customer contracts, which includes capitalized fulfillment costs, such as installation services, permitting and other related costs. Cost of services and other revenue and other also includes the costs for the development and constructions of project assets. Cost of revenue may also include any impairment of inventory and energy storage systems, along with system maintenance costs associated with the ongoing services provided to customers. Costs of revenue are recognized as energy optimization and other supporting services are provided to our customers throughout the term of the contract. 
 Cost of hardware revenue generally includes the cost of the hardware purchased from a manufacturer, shipping, delivery, and other costs required to fulfill our obligation to deliver the energy storage system to the customer location. Cost of hardware revenue may also include any impairment of energy storage systems held in our inventory for sale to our customer. Cost of hardware revenue related to the sale of energy storage systems is recognized when the delivery of the product is completed. 
 Gross Margin 
 Our gross margin fluctuates significantly from quarter to quarter. Gross margin, calculated as revenue less costs of revenue, has been, and will continue to be, affected by various factors, including fluctuations in the amount and mix of revenue and the amount and timing of investments to expand our customer base. Over the long term, we hope to increase both our gross margin in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue through enhanced operational efficiency and economies of scale. 
 
 44 

Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense consists of payroll and other related personnel costs, including salaries, stock-based compensation, employee benefits, and travel for our sales and marketing personnel. In addition, sales and marketing expense includes trade show costs, amortization of intangibles and other expenses. We expect our sales and marketing expense to increase in future periods to support the overall growth in our business. 
 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense consists primarily of payroll and other related personnel costs for engineers and third parties engaged in the design and development of products, third-party software and technologies, including salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense, project material costs, services and depreciation. We expect research and development expense to increase in future periods to support our growth, including continuing to invest in optimization, accuracy and reliability of our platform and other technology improvements to support and drive efficiency in our operations. These expenses may vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue, depending primarily upon when we choose to make more significant investments. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expense consists of payroll and other related personnel costs, including salaries, stock-based compensation, employee benefits and expenses for executive management, legal, finance and other costs. In addition, general and administrative expense includes fees for professional services and occupancy costs. We expect our general and administrative expense to increase in future periods as we scale up headcount with the growth of our business, and as a result of operating as a public company, including compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, legal, audit, additional insurance expenses, investor relations activities, and other administrative and professional services. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest on our outstanding borrowings under our outstanding notes payable, convertible promissory notes, convertible senior notes, and financing obligations and accretion on our asset retirement obligations. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt consists of penalties incurred in relation to the prepayment of our outstanding borrowings under our outstanding notes payable and the write-off of any unamortized debt issuance costs associated with such notes. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrants and Embedded Derivatives 
 Change in fair value of warrants and embedded derivatives is related to the revaluation of our outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant liabilities and embedded derivatives related to the redemption features associated with our convertible notes at each reporting date. 
 Other Expenses, Net 
 Other expenses, net consists primarily of income from equity investments and foreign exchange gains or losses. 
 
 45 

Results of Operations 
 Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Change Change 2022 2021 (In thousands, except percentages) Revenue Services and other revenue 52,143 20,463 31,680 155 Hardware revenue 310,837 106,908 203,929 191 Total revenue 362,980 127,371 235,609 185 Cost of revenue Cost of services and other revenue 43,153 28,177 14,976 53 Cost of hardware revenue 286,735 97,947 188,788 193 Total cost of revenue 329,888 126,124 203,764 162 Gross margin 33,092 1,247 31,845 2,554 Operating expenses Sales and marketing 48,882 19,950 28,932 145 Research and development 38,303 22,723 15,580 69 General and administrative 77,028 41,648 35,380 85 Total operating expenses 164,213 84,321 79,892 95 Loss from operations (131,121) (83,074) (48,047) 58 Other expense, net Interest expense (10,468) (17,395) 6,927 (40) Loss on extinguishment of debt (5,064) 5,064 (100) Change in fair value of warrants and embedded derivatives 3,424 (3,424) (100) Other income (expense), net 2,374 898 1,476 164 Total other expense, net (8,094) (18,137) 10,043 (55) Loss before benefit from (provision for) income taxes (139,215) (101,211) (38,004) 38 Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 15,161 15,161 Net loss (124,054) (101,211) (22,843) 23 
 Percentage is not meaningful 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue increased by 235.6 million, or 185 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily driven by a 203.9 million increase in hardware revenue primarily due to increase in demand for systems related to FTM partnership agreements and the inclusion of AlsoEnergy s revenue in the current period. Services and other revenue increased by 31.7 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the inclusion of AlsoEnergy s revenue in the current period. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue increased by 203.8 million, or 162 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily driven by an increase of cost of hardware revenue of 188.8 million , which was due to the increase in demand for larger capacity systems, as well as an increase of 15.0 million in cost of services and other revenue , primarily related to AlsoEnergy . 
 
 46 

Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 28.9 million, or 145 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 11.0 million in personnel related expenses as a result of higher headcount, inclusive of an additional 2.5 million in stock-based compensation expense, an increase of 12.9 million in amortization expense related to intangible assets from the acquisition of AlsoEnergy, an increase of 1.9 million amortization of contract origination costs, and an increase of 3.1 million of professional services and other expenses. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense increased by 15.6 million, or 69 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 12.5 million in personnel related expenses as a result of increased headcount, inclusive of an additional 2.3 million in stock-based compensation expense, and an increase of 3.1 million in professional services and other expenses. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense increased by 35.4 million, or 85 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase of 20.8 million in personnel related expenses as a result of higher headcount, inclusive of an additional 10.3 million in stock-based compensation expense, as well as an increase of 14.6 million in professional services, insurance, office, and other expenses. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased by 6.9 million, or 40 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by lower interest expense of 6.2 million due the repayment of notes payable during 2021, as discussed in Note 12 Notes Payable , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, lower interest expense of 2.1 million from financing obligations, and net accretion of discount on investments of 0.9 million. The decrease was partially offset by additional 2.2 million in interest expense from the issuance of the 2028 Convertible Notes in November 2021 and other interest of 0.1 million. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt decreased by 5.1 million, or 100 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was driven by a prior year payment of a 4.0 million penalty on debt extinguishment and the write-off of 1.1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs upon the conversion of our Series D convertible notes in relation to the Merger. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrants and Embedded Derivative 
 The change in fair value of warrants and embedded derivative reflected no activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 (as no warrants and embedded derivatives were outstanding), compared to income of 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted from a revaluation gain of warrants and embedded derivatives. 
 Other Income (Expenses), Net 
 Other expenses, net increased by 1.5 million, or 164 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The net increase was primarily as a result of an increase in interest income from short-term investments. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 15.2 million of income tax benefit, as a result of the partial release of our deferred tax asset valuation due to the acquisition of AlsoEnergy. The Company did not record a provision or benefit for income taxes during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

47 

A comparative discussion of our 2021 to 2020 results of operations can be found in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Liquidity describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs, debt service, acquisitions, contractual obligations and other commitments. We assess liquidity in terms of our cash flows from operations and their sufficiency to fund our operating and investing activities. To meet our payment service obligations, we must have sufficient liquid assets and be able to move funds on a timely basis. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of 250.0 million, which were held for working capital purposes and for investment growth opportunities . Our marketable securities generally consist of high-grade commercial paper, agency bonds, corporate debt securities, U.S. government agency securities, and treasury bills. We believe that our cash position is sufficient to meet our capital and liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months from the date of this Form 10-K. 
 Our business prospects are subject to risks, expenses and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of commercial operations. The attainment of profitable operations is dependent upon future events, including obtaining adequate financing to complete our development activities, obtaining adequate supplier relationships, building our customer base, successfully executing our business and marketing strategy and hiring appropriate personnel. Failure to generate sufficient revenues, achieve planned gross margins and operating profitability, control operating costs, or secure additional funding may require us to modify, delay, or abandon some of our planned future expansion or development, or to otherwise enact operating cost reductions available to management, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition. 
 In the future, we may be required to obtain additional equity or debt financing in order to support our continued capital expenditures and operations. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new technologies, this could reduce our ability to compete successfully and harm our business, growth and results of operations. 
 Our long-term liquidity requirements are linked primarily to the continued extension of the Athena platform and supporting applications, including Athena PowerTrack, and the use of our balance sheet to improve the terms and conditions associated with the purchase of energy storage systems from our hardware vendors. While we have plans to potentially expand our geographical footprint beyond our current partnerships and enter into joint ventures, those are not required initiatives to achieve our plans. 
 Financing Obligations 
 We have entered into arrangements wherein we finance the cost of energy storage systems via special purpose entities SPEs we establish with outside investors. These SPEs are not consolidated into our financial statements, but are accounted for as equity method investments. The investors provide us upfront payments through the SPEs. Under these arrangements, the payment by the SPE to us is accounted for as a borrowing by recording the proceeds received as a financing obligation. The financing obligation is repaid with the future customer payments and incentives received. A portion of the amounts paid to the SPE is allocated to interest expense using the effective interest rate method. Furthermore, we continue to account for the revenues from customer arrangements and incentives and all associated costs despite such systems being legally sold to the SPEs due to our significant continuing involvement in the operations of the energy storage systems. The total financing obligation as of December 31, 2022 was 79.6 million, of which 15.7 million was classified as a current liability. 
 Notes Payable 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 In January 2021, we entered into a non-recourse credit agreement to provide a total of 2.7 million towards the financing of certain energy storage systems that we own and operate. The credit agreement has a stated interest of 5.45 and a maturity date of June 2031. We received an advance under the credit agreement of 1.8 million in January 2021. The repayment of advances received under this credit agreement is determined by the lender based on the proceeds generated by us through the operation of the underlying energy storage systems. We had 1.8 million of outstanding borrowings under this credit agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 48 

2028 Green Convertible Senior Notes 
 On November 22, 2021, we sold to Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc, as initial purchasers (the Initial Purchasers ), and the Initial Purchasers purchased from us, 460.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 0.50 Green Convertible Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Convertible Notes ), pursuant to a purchase agreement dated as of November 17, 2021, by and between us and the Initial Purchasers. The 2028 Convertible Notes will accrue interest payable semi-annually in arrears and will mature on December 1, 2028, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. Upon conversion, we may choose to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock. The 2028 Convertible Notes are redeemable for cash at the Company s option at any time given certain conditions. R efer to Note 13 Convertible Promissory Notes , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 On November 17, 2021, in connection with the pricing of the 2028 Convertible Notes, and on November 19, 2021, in connection with the exercise in full by the Initial Purchasers of their option to purchase additional Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with certain of the Initial Purchasers of the 2028 Convertible Notes to minimize the potential dilution to the Company s common stockholders upon conversion of the 2028 Convertible Notes. Our net proceeds from this offering were approximately 445.7 million, after deducting the Initial Purchasers discounts and commissions and the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. We used approximately 66.7 million of the net proceeds to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described above. We intend to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from this offering to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, existing or new eligible green expenditures of Stem, including investments related to creating a more resilient clean energy system, optimized software capabilities for energy systems, and reducing waste through operations. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (106,030) (101,266) Net cash used in investing activities (544,373) (185,233) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (9,272) 1,027,095 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (202) 242 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (659,877) 740,838 
 Operating Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 106.0 million, primarily resulting from our net loss of 124.1 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 70.3 million and net cash outflow of 52.3 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of 45.4 million, non-cash interest expense of 1.9 million related to debt issuance costs, stock-based compensation expense of 28.7 million, non-cash lease expense of 2.3 million, accretion of asset retirement obligations of 0.2 million, impairment of energy storage systems of 2.6 million, loss on disposal of property and equipment of 0.3 million, impairment loss of project assets of 0.5 million, provision for accounts receivable allowance of 3.6 million, which were partially offset by an income tax benefit of 15.1 million and net accretion of discount on investments of 0.1 million. The net cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in accounts receivable of 155.8 million, an increase in deferred costs with suppliers of 37.1 million, an increase in other assets of 29.4 million, an increase in contract origination costs of 9.6 million, an increase in project assets of 3.7 million, a decrease in lease liabilities, net of 1.6 million, partially offset by a decrease in inventory of 18.6 million, an increase in accounts payable of 53.3 million, an increase in accrued expenses of 62.2 million, and an increase in deferred revenue of 51.0 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 101.3 million, primarily resulting from our operating loss of 101.2 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 59.5 million and net cash outflow of 59.5 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of 24.5 million, non-cash interest expense of 9.6 million, which included interest expenses associated with debt issuance costs, stock-based compensation expense of 13.5 million, change in the fair value of warrant liability and embedded derivative of 3.4 million, impairment of energy storage systems of 4.3 million, issuance of warrants for services of 9.2 million, non-cash lease expense of 0.9 million, accretion of asset retirement obligations of 0.2 million, and net amortization of premium on 
 
 49 

investments of 0.7 million. The net cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in accounts receivable of 48.1 million, an increase in deferred costs with suppliers of 7.5 million, an increase in other assets of 17.2 million, a decrease in deferred revenue of 15.0 million, an increase in inventory of 1.9 million, an increase in contract origination costs of 2.6 million, a decrease in lease liabilities, net of 0.5 million, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable of 16.3 million and accrued expenses and other liabilities of 17.0 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 544.4 million, primarily consisting of 533.0 million used for our acquisition of AlsoEnergy, net of cash acquired, 2.6 million used for the purchase of energy systems, 16.8 million in capital expenditures on internally-developed software, and 1.5 million used for the purchase of property and equipment, partially offset by 9.6 million in net proceeds of available-for-sale investments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 185.2 million, primarily consisting of 189.9 million used for the purchase of available-for-sale investments, 3.6 million used for the purchase of energy systems, 5.9 million in capital expenditures on internally-developed software, 1.2 million used for the purchase of equity method investment, and 0.6 million used for the purchase of property plant and equipment, partially offset by 16.0 million in proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale investments. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 9.3 million, primarily consisting of repayment of financing obligations of 10.3 million and payments for taxes related to net share settlement of stock options of 2.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from exercise of stock options of 1.3 million, proceeds from other financing obligations of 1.5 million, and an investment from non-controlling interest of 0.5 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 1,027.1 million, primarily consisting of net proceeds from the Merger and PIPE financing of 550.3 million, proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants of 148.5 million, proceeds from financing obligations of 7.8 million, proceeds from issuance of notes payable of 3.9 million, net proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory notes of 446.8 million, partially offset by purchased capped call options of 66.7 million, the repayment of notes payable of 41.4 million, payments for withholding taxes related to net share settlement of stock options of 12.6 million, and repayment of financing obligations of 9.6 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The contractual obligations presented in the table below represent our estimates of future payments under fixed contractual obligations and commitments. Changes in our business needs, cancellation provisions and changes in interest rates, as well as action by third parties and other factors, may cause these estimates to change. Therefore, our actual payments in future periods may vary from those presented in the table below. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands). 
 Less than More than Total 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years 5 Years Interest on 2028 convertible notes 13,608 2,300 4,600 4,600 2,108 Operating lease obligations 15,387 3,152 5,119 4,416 2,700 Non-cancelable purchase obligations 3,575 1,446 1,282 847 Total 32,570 6,898 11,001 9,863 4,808 
 See Note 8 Leases and Note 13 Convertible Promissory Notes , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details . 
 We do not consider our financing obligations as contractual obligations, as our repayments of such obligations are required only to the extent payments are collected in relation to the operation of the underlying energy storage systems. The obligation is nonrecourse and there are no contractual commitments to pay specific amounts at any point in time throughout the life of the obligation. 
 
 We are not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interests, or unconsolidated variable interest entities that either have, or would reasonably be expected to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 50 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 
 Our critical accounting policies are those that materially affect our consolidated financial statements and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. A thorough understanding of these critical accounting policies is essential when reviewing our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the critical accounting policies listed below involve the most difficult management decisions because they require the use of significant estimates and assumptions as described above. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenue through host customer arrangements, partnership arrangements, and sales of project assets. We apply judgment during the identification of a contract to determine the customer s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining to the customer. 
 For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price for each contract to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price, or SSP for each performance obligation. We use judgment in determining the SSP for our products and services. We typically assess the SSP for our products and services on an annual basis or when facts and circumstances change. To determine SSP, we maximize the use of observable standalone sales and observable data, where available. In instances where performance obligations do not have observable standalone sales, we utilize available information that may include other observable inputs or use the expected cost-plus margin approach to estimate the price we would charge if the products and services were sold separately. The expected cost-plus margin approach is currently used to determine SSP for each distinct performance obligation for sale of hardware. 
 In some cases, the total transaction price is determined based on the total consideration specified in the contract, including variable consideration in the form of a performance guaranty payment that represents potential amounts payable to customers. The expected value method is generally used when estimating variable consideration, which typically reduces the total transaction price due to the nature of the performance obligations to which the variable consideration relates. These estimates reflect our historical experience and current contractual requirements which cap the maximum amount that may be paid. The expected value method requires judgment and considers multiple factors that may vary over time depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation. Depending on the facts and circumstances, a change in variable consideration estimate will either be accounted for at the contract level or using the portfolio method. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, allocation of the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we make estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill if new information is obtained related to facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. After the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Acquisition costs, such as legal and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred. 
 
 51 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements may be found in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position because of adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of exposure resulting from potential changes in inflation, exchange rates or interest rates. We do not hold financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our expenses are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in Canadian dollars. We have entered into contracts with customers and a limited number of supply contracts with vendors with payments denominated in foreign currencies. We are subject to foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our contracts denominated in foreign currencies. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our financial statements. 
 Unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar could increase our product costs, thus reducing our gross profit. We have not engaged in the hedging of foreign currency transactions to date, although we may choose to do so in the future. We do not believe that an immediate 10 increase or decrease in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to other currencies would have a material effect on operating results or financial condition. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the value or yield of fixed-income investments may decline if interest rates change. Fluctuations in interest rates may impact the level of interest expense recorded on outstanding borrowings. In addition, our convertible promissory notes, 2028 Convertible Notes, notes payable, and financing obligations bear interest at a fixed rate and are not publicly traded. Therefore, fair value of our convertible promissory notes, notes payable, financing obligations and interest expense is not materially affected by changes in the market interest rates. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, for hedging or speculative purposes. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 We routinely assess the creditworthiness of our customers. We generally have not experienced any material losses related to receivables from individual customers, or groups of customers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not require collateral. Due to these factors, no additional credit risk beyond amounts provided for collection losses is believed by management to be probable in our accounts receivable. 

52 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 STEM, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Page Index to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 54 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 

53 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Stem, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stem, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 As described in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Also Energy Holdings, Inc., which was acquired on February 1, 2022, because the Company is in the process of evaluating the existing controls and procedures of Also Energy Holdings, Inc. and integrating Also Energy Holdings, Inc. into its internal control over financial reporting. Also Energy Holdings, Inc. constitutes 3 of total assets and 16 of revenues of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Also Energy Holdings, Inc. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Business Combinations Trade Names, Customer Relationships and Developed Technology Refer to Notes 2 and 6 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 On February 1, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of Also Energy Holdings, Inc. AlsoEnergy ). The total consideration to acquire AlsoEnergy was 652.0 million, comprised of 543.1 million in cash, net of a working capital adjustment, and 108.9 million in the form of 8,621,006 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company incurred 6.1 million of transaction costs related to the acquisition. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business 
 
 54 

combination in which the Company determined that AlsoEnergy was a business. The total consideration was allocated to fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the Company recognized 545.0 million of goodwill from the acquisition, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. 
 Included in the net identifiable assets acquired were trade names, customer relationships, and developed technology, for which the Company measured the fair value as of the acquisition date of 11.3 million, 106.8 million, and 30.1 million, respectively. The fair value of trade names was measured using the relief-from-royalty method, the fair value of customer relationships was measured using the multiple-period excess earnings method under the income approach, and the fair value of developed technology was measured using the relief-from-royalty method of the income approach. The acquired intangible assets will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives. 
 We identified the fair value measurements of the acquired trade names, customer relationships, and developed technology as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions related to the Company s forecasts of future revenues and selection of the weighted average cost of capital, royalty rates, and estimated revenue growth rates in measuring the fair value of these assets. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the Company s forecasts of future revenues and selection of the weighted average cost of capital, royalty rates, and estimated revenue growth rates used to measure the fair value of the acquired trade names, customer relationships, and developed technology. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the fair value measurements of the acquired trade names, customer relationships, and developed technology included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the estimation process supporting the fair value estimates of the acquired trade names, customer relationships, and developed technology, including management s controls over the selection of the weighted average cost of capital, royalty rates, and estimated revenue growth rates used. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and the weighted average cost of capital and royalty rates used to measure the fair value of the acquired trade names, customer relationships, and developed technology. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s forecasts of future revenues and estimated revenue growth rates by comparing them to current industry reports, as well as to the historical performance of the acquired business and a similar business segment of the Company. 
 We tested the source information underlying the fair value measurements of the acquired trade names, customer relationships, and developed technology and the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations. 
 We evaluated the sufficiency of the disclosures related to the fair value measurements of the acquired trade names, customer relationships, and developed technology in the financial statements. 
 Business Development subsidiary and strategic joint ventures Refer to Notes 1 and 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 In January 2022, the Company formed an indirect wholly-owned development subsidiary DevCo to enter into strategic joint ventures (each a DevCo JV as a majority owner, with one or more qualified third parties as the minority owner, for the development of select renewable energy projects DevCo Projects ). The Company makes development capital contributions to DevCo Projects to fund project development and recovers those capital contributions plus a fee when the developer takes ownership of the project. The purpose of the DevCo JV is to develop and sell DevCo Projects, and secure Company hardware and software services for those projects. 
 In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, the DevCo JVs are determined to be variable interest entities VIEs as they lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support, and the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary for these VIEs as it has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant. Accordingly, the DevCo JVs operating results, assets and liabilities are consolidated by the Company, with third party minority owners share presented as noncontrolling interest. The DevCo JVs net income (loss) are allocated to the owners using the hypothetical liquidation at book value method at the end of each reporting period. As of December 31, 2022, the Company consolidated 9.5 million of DevCo JV net assets. 
 We identified the Company s accounting for the DevCo JVs as a critical audit matter because of the complexity of the joint venture agreements, and the significant judgment used by management in the determination of (1) whether the DevCo JV is a 
 
 55 

VIE, and (2) the owner who would be considered the primary beneficiary of these VIEs in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve professionals with expertise in accounting for VIEs when performing audit procedures to evaluate management s accounting for the DevCo JVs. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the accounting for the DevCo JVs included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the technical accounting assessment of DevCo JV operating agreements, including management s review of the significant assumptions. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s accounting for the DevCo JVs in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States by: 
 Obtaining and evaluating the Company s accounting memoranda and other documentation regarding the application of the relevant accounting guidance to the DevCo JVs. 
 Obtaining, reading, and comparing the underlying terms and conditions of the relevant agreements to the Company s accounting memoranda and other documentation. 
 Evaluating the Company s conclusions regarding the accounting treatment applied to the DevCo JVs, with the assistance of professionals with expertise in accounting for VIEs. 
 We evaluated the sufficiency of the disclosures related to the accounting for the DevCo JVs in the financial statements. 
 Revenue Partnership Arrangements Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Partnership arrangements consist of promises to transfer inventory in the form of an energy storage system to a project developer and to separately provide energy optimization services to the ultimate owner of the project after the developer completes the installation of the project. Under partnership arrangements, the Company s customer is the project developer. The Company determined the promise to deliver the inventory as a component of the project for which the customer is responsible to develop is a separate and distinct performance obligation from the promise to provide energy optimization services. The Company allocates revenue between the hardware and energy storage services performance obligations based on the standalone selling price of each performance obligation. The standalone selling price for the hardware is established based on observable pricing. The standalone selling price for the energy optimization services is established using a residual value approach due to the significant variability in the services provided to each individual customer based on the specific requirements of each individual project and the lack of observable standalone sales of such services. 
 The Company transfers control of the inventory upon delivery and simultaneous transfer of title to the customer. The Company transfers control of its energy optimization services to its customers continuously throughout the term of the contract (a stand-ready obligation), which does not commence until the customer successfully completes the installation of the project. As a result, the time frame between when the Company transfers control of the inventory to the customer upon delivery is generally several months, and can be in excess of one year, before the Company is required to perform any subsequent energy optimization services. Revenue is recognized ratably as control of these services is transferred to its customers based on a time-based output measure of progress of days elapsed over the term of the contract, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for its services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the partnership hardware and service revenue recognized was 280.4 million. 
 Given management s judgments to determine allocation of revenue between hardware and energy storage services performance obligations based on the standalone selling price of each performance obligation, auditing the judgments and estimates made in allocating revenue involved a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to partnership hardware and service revenue included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of the controls relevant to the revenue process. 
 For partnership arrangements, we selected a sample of contracts with customers and performed the following procedures: 
 
 56 

Obtained and read the contracts and contract amendments, if any, and tested management s identification of significant terms and conditions. 
 Tested management s identification of distinct performance obligations by evaluating whether the underlying goods, services, or both were highly interdependent and interrelated. 
 Tested the allocation of the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation by comparing the relative standalone selling prices to the selling prices of similar goods or services. 
 Evaluated management s estimate of standalone selling prices for reasonableness. 
 Evaluated the timing of revenue recognition for each performance obligation through obtaining signed proof of delivery documents. 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation of revenue recognized in the financial statements. 
 We evaluated the sufficiency of the disclosures related to revenue from Partnership Arrangements in the financial statements. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 57 

STEM, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Inventory, net Deferred costs with suppliers Other current assets (includes and due from related parties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Total current assets Energy storage systems, net Contract origination costs, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued payroll Financing obligation, current portion Deferred revenue, current portion Other current liabilities (includes and due to related parties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, noncurrent Asset retirement obligation Notes payable, noncurrent Convertible notes, noncurrent Financing obligation, noncurrent Lease liabilities, noncurrent Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stem's stockholders equity Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

STEM, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Services and other revenue Hardware revenue Total revenue Cost of revenue Cost of services and other revenue Cost of hardware revenue Total cost of revenue Gross margin ) Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other expense, net Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Change in fair value of warrants and embedded derivatives ) Other income (expense), net ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) Loss before benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) ) ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to Stem common shareholders, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share to Stem common shareholders, basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

STEM, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

STEM, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Non-controlling Interests Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 Shares Amount Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) ) Effect of exchange transaction (Note 13) ) ) ) Cancellation of exchange transaction by shareholder Recognition of beneficial conversion feature related to convertible notes 
 Issuance of warrants to purchase common stock Issuance of shares upon exercise of stock options and warrants 
 Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Merger and PIPE financing (Note 1) Conversion of warrants into common stock upon Merger (Note 14) Conversion of convertible notes into common stock (Note 13) Exchange of warrants into common stock (Note 14) Issuance of common stock warrants for services (Note 14) Public Warrants exercises (Note 14) Issuance of 2028 Convertible Notes, net (Note 13) Purchase of capped call options (Note 13) ) ) Stock option exercises, net of statutory tax withholdings ) ) Legacy stock warrant exercises (Note 14) Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation gain Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Cumulative-effect adjustment upon adoption of ASU 2020-06 (Note 13) ) ) Cumulative-effect adjustment upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 (Note 2) ) ) Common stock issued upon business combination (Note 6) Stock option exercises, net of statutory tax withholdings ) ) Issuance of common stock upon release of restricted stock units Shares issued for exercise of warrants Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

STEM, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Non-cash interest expense, including interest expenses associated with debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of warrant liability and embedded derivative ) Non-cash lease expense Accretion of asset retirement obligations Impairment loss of energy storage systems Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Impairment loss of project assets Issuance of warrants for services Net (accretion of discount) amortization of premium on investments ) Income tax benefit from release of valuation allowance ) Provision for accounts receivable allowance Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) Deferred costs with suppliers ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Contract origination costs, net ) ) ) Project assets ) Accounts payable Accrued expense and other liabilities Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of AlsoEnergy, net of cash acquired ) Purchase of available-for-sale investments ) ) Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale investments Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale investments Purchase of energy storage systems ) ) ) Capital expenditures on internally-developed software ) ) ) Purchase of equity method investment ) ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of stock options ) ) Net contributions from Merger and PIPE financing, net of transaction costs of 
 Proceeds from financing obligations Repayment of financing obligations ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net of issuance costs of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Purchase of capped call options ) Proceeds from issuance of notes payable, net of issuance costs of , and for the years December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Investment from non-controlling interests Repayment of notes payable ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Change in asset retirement costs and asset retirement obligation Exchange of warrants for common stock Conversion of warrants upon Merger Conversion of convertible notes upon Merger Conversion of accrued interest into outstanding note payable Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease liability Settlement of warrant liability into common stock due to exercise Settlement of warrant liability into common stock due to redemption Issuance of common stock warrants Stock-based compensation capitalized to internal-use software Purchase of energy storage systems in accounts payable 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 64 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, net of fees and expenses as follows (in thousands): 
 Cash PIPE (as described below) Less: transaction costs and advisory fees paid ) Merger and PIPE financing 
 
 Immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, (i) all issued and outstanding shares of Legacy Stem preferred stock, par value per share (the Legacy Stem Preferred Stock ), were converted into shares of Legacy Stem common stock, par value per share (the Legacy Stem Common Stock in accordance with Legacy Stem s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, (ii) all outstanding convertible promissory notes of Legacy Stem (the Legacy Stem Convertible Notes were converted into Legacy Stem Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of the Legacy Stem Convertible Notes and (iii) certain warrants issued by Legacy Stem to purchase Legacy Stem Common Stock and Legacy Stem Preferred Stock (the Legacy Stem Warrants were exercised by holders into Legacy Stem Common Stock in accordance with the terms thereof. Upon the consummation of the Merger, each share of Legacy Stem common stock then issued and outstanding was canceled and converted into the right to receive shares of common stock of Stem using an exchange ratio of . 
 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, STPK entered into separate subscription agreements (each, a Subscription Agreement with a number of investors (each a Subscriber ), pursuant to which the Subscribers agreed to purchase, and STPK agreed to sell to the Subscribers, an aggregate of shares of common stock (the PIPE Shares ), for a purchase price of per share and an aggregate purchase price of million, in a private placement pursuant to the subscription agreements (the PIPE ). The PIPE investment closed simultaneously with the consummation of the Merger. The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, STPK was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Merger was treated as the equivalent of Stem issuing stock for the net assets of STPK, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net liabilities of STPK of million, comprised primarily of the warrant liabilities associated with the Public and Private Placement Warrants discussed in Note 14 Warrants , are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 
 65 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, short-term investments of million, an accumulated deficit of million and net working capital of million, with million of financing obligations coming due within the next 12 months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of million and had negative cash flows from operating activities of million. However, the net proceeds from the Merger of million, the proceeds of million from the exercise of Public Warrants (as described in Note 14 Warrants ), and the net proceeds of million from the issuance of the Company s Green Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Convertible Notes (as described in Note 13 Convertible Promissory Notes provided the Company with a significant amount of cash proceeds. As discussed in Note 6 Business Combinations , the Company completed the acquisition of of the outstanding shares of AlsoEnergy for an aggregate purchase price of million, which consisted of million in cash, net of a working capital adjustment for an escrow recovery and million in common stock . The Company believes that its cash position is sufficient to meet capital and liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 The Company s business prospects are subject to risks, expenses, and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of commercial operations. The attainment of profitable operations is dependent upon future events, including securing new customers and maintaining current ones, securing and maintaining adequate supplier relationships, building its customer base, successfully executing its business and marketing strategy, obtaining adequate financing to complete the Company s development activities, and hiring and retaining appropriate personnel. Failure to generate sufficient revenues, achieve planned gross margins and operating profitability, control operating costs, or secure additional funding may require the Company to modify, delay or abandon some of its planned future expansion or development, or to otherwise enact operating cost reductions available to management, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Supply Chain Constraints and Risk 
 The Company s industry continues to face shortages and shipping delays affecting the supply of inverters, enclosures, battery modules and associated component parts for inverters and battery energy storage systems available for purchase. These shortages and delays can be attributed in part to the pandemic and resulting government action, as well as broader macroeconomic conditions that may persist once the immediate effects of the pandemic have subsided, and have been exacerbated by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. If these shortages and delays persist into 2023, they could adversely affect the timing of when battery energy storage systems can be delivered and installed, and when (or if) the Company can begin to generate revenue from those systems. The Company cannot predict the full effects the pandemic will have on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations at this time due to numerous uncertainties. The Company will continue to monitor developments affecting its workforce, its suppliers, its customers and its business operations generally, and will take actions the Company determines are necessary in order to mitigate these. 
 
 2. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, million and million in net cash outflows were reclassified from Other assets to Deferred costs with suppliers in the consolidated statement of cash flows, respectively. This change had no impact to net cash used in operating activities. 
 66 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other current assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total liabilities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company contributed approximately million in capital investments for hardware purchases. The net income from the DevCo JVs during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million . 
 67 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 No such losses have been recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Net assets outside of the U.S. were less than 10 of total net assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The allowance for doubtful accounts balance was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 68 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F 
 Total less than 10 for the respective period 
 There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of total revenue is concentrated in a limited number of customers. Should a significant customer: terminate or fail to renew its contracts with the Company, in whole or in part, for any reason, or experience significant financial or operating difficulties, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In general, a customer that makes up a significant portion of revenues in one period, may not make up a significant portion in subsequent periods. 

69 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 years, once the respective energy storage systems have been installed and interconnected to the power grid, the Company has received permission to operate, and the Company has begun to provide energy optimization services to the customer (i.e., energy storage system is live). Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Impairment charges related to energy storage system that were determined to no longer be recoverable totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company recognized million in project asset impairments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and are included in sales and marketing expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company also recorded million and million in impairment losses in sales and marketing expense in the statements of operations related to the contract origination costs that were determined to no longer be recoverable during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. impairment losses were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 70 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 reporting unit and as a result, goodwill has been assigned to the single reporting unit. We conducted our annual impairment test of goodwill in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 and determined that no adjustment to the carrying value of goodwill was required. 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 The estimated useful life of costs capitalized is generally . The Company recorded amortization for internal-use software of million, million and million in cost of revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was t material for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 71 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Public or Private warrants are outstanding. 
 72 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to years, which may include certain renewal options to extend the initial contract term or certain termination options to reduce the initial contract term. 
 73 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 years of the customer contract term. Incentive payments may be contingent on approval from utility companies or actual future performance of the energy storage system. 
 Substantially all of the Company s arrangements provide customers the unilateral ability to terminate for convenience prior to the conclusion of the stated contractual term or the contractual term is shorter than the estimated benefit period, which the Company has determined to be years based on the estimated useful life of the underlying energy storage systems and the period over which the customer can benefit from the energy optimization services utilizing such energy storage systems. In these instances, the Company determined that upfront incentive payments received from its customers represent a material right that is, in effect, an advance payment for future energy optimization services to be recognized throughout the estimated benefit period. In contracts where the customer does not have the unilateral ability to terminate for convenience without a penalty during the estimated benefit period, the Company determined the upfront incentive payments do not represent a material right for services provided beyond the initial contractual period and are therefore a component of the initial transaction price. The Company revisits its estimate of the benefit period each reporting period. The Company s contracts with host customers do not contain a significant financing component. 
 
 The Company transfers control of its energy optimization services to its customers continuously throughout the term of the contract (a stand-ready obligation) and revenue is recognized ratably as control of these services is transferred to its customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be contractually entitled to in exchange for its services. Monthly incentive payments based on the performance of the energy storage system are allocated to the distinct month in which they are earned because the terms of the payments relate specifically to the outcome from transferring the distinct time increment (month) of service and because such amounts reflect the fees to which the Company expects to be entitled for providing energy optimization services each period, consistent with the allocation objective. Annual variable performance- based payments are estimated at the inception in the transaction price using the expected value method, which takes into consideration historical experience, current contractual requirements, specific known market events and forecasted energy storage system performance patterns, and the Company recognizes such payments ratably using a time-based measure of progress of days elapsed over the term of the contract to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. At the end of each reporting period, the Company reassesses its estimate of the transaction price. The Company does not begin recognition of revenue until the energy storage system is live (i.e., provision of energy optimization services has commenced) or, as it relates to incentive payments, when approval has been received from the utility company, if later. 
 Partnership Arrangements 
 Partnership arrangements consist of promises to transfer inventory in the form of an energy storage system to a solar plus storage project developer and separately provide energy optimization services as described previously to the ultimate owner of the project after the developer completes the installation of the project. Under partnership arrangements, the Company s customer is the solar plus storage project developer. The customer obtains legal title to along with ownership and control of the inventory upon delivery and the customer is responsible for the installation of the project. Once installation of the project is complete, the owner of the solar plus storage project provides energy to the end consumer through a separate contractual arrangement directly with the end consumer. The term for the Company s contracts with customers under partnership arrangements generally ranges from to years. 
 
 74 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 , before the Company is required to perform any subsequent energy optimization services. Revenue is recognized ratably as control of these services is transferred to its customers based on a time-based output measure of progress of days elapsed over the term of the contract, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for its services. 
 In some partnership arrangements, the Company charges shipping fees for the inventory. The Company accounts for shipping as a fulfillment activity, since control transfers to the customer after the shipping is complete and includes such amounts within cost of revenue. 
 Sale of Project A ssets 
 For sales of p roject assets in which the Company transfers of the membership interest in project assets to a customer, the Company recognizes all of the revenue for the consideration received at a point in time when the membership interest was transferred to the customer, which typically occurs when the Company delivered the membership interest assignment agreement to the customer. The transaction price of contract arrangements is comprised of both fixed and variable amounts. Variable consideration is estimated at each measurement date at its most likely amount to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur and true-ups are applied prospectively as such estimates change. Changes in estimates for sales of project assets occur when the actual development expenses vary from estimates made at the time the membership interests transferred to the customer. The cumulative effect of revisions to transaction prices are recorded in the period in which the revisions to estimates are identified and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. Variable consideration related to the sale of project assets are generally resolved within 60 days of sale of project assets and are currently not material to the Company s financial statements. 
 75 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Advertising expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not material. 
 76 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 liability related to uncertain tax positions has been recognized in the financial statements. 
 accrual has been deemed necessary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million principal amount of the Company s 2028 Convertible Notes will be classified as a liability in the December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet. Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, an adjustment was recorded to the 2028 Convertible Notes liability component, equity component (additional paid-in-capital) and accumulated deficit. The cumulative effect of the change was recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated deficit at the date of adoption. The comparative information has not been restated and continues to be presented according to accounting standards in effect for those periods. This adjustment was calculated based on the carrying amount of the 2028 Convertible Notes as if it had always been treated only as a liability. Further, an adjustment was recorded to the debt discount and issuance costs as if these had always been treated as a contra liability only. Interest expense related to the accretion of the 2028 Convertible Notes is no longer recognized. Interest expense for the 2028 Convertible Notes for the year ended 
 77 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million higher without the adoption of ASU 2020-06. As such, net loss attributable to the Company per common share for the year ended December 31, 2022 is lower due to the effect of adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , and subsequent related ASUs, which amends the guidance on the impairment of financial instruments by requiring measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. This ASU is effective for public and private companies fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, and December 15, 2022, respectively. As the Company is no longer an emerging growth company as of January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13 effective on such date, utilizing the modified retrospective transition method. Upon adoption, the Company updated its impairment model to utilize a forward-looking current expected credit losses CECL model in place of the incurred loss methodology for financial instruments measured at amortized cost, primarily including its accounts receivable. The adoption did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers . Under ASU 2021-08, an acquirer must recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606. The Company early adopted ASU 2021-08 on a prospective basis effective January 1, 2022. As indicated in Note 6 Business Combinations , the Company completed the acquisition of AlsoEnergy on February 1, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2021-08 resulted in the recognition of deferred revenue at amounts consistent with those recorded by the acquiree immediately before the acquisition date rather than at fair value. The adoption did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU 2019-12 ). ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. ASU 2019-12 was effective for public entities for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 effective May 1, 2021. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ASU 2018-15 ). The intent of this pronouncement is to align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software as defined in ASC 350-40. Under ASU 2018-15, the capitalized implementation costs related to a cloud computing arrangement will be amortized over the term of the arrangement and all capitalized implementation amounts will be required to be presented in the same line items of the financial statements as the related hosting fees. ASU 2018-15 is effective for public and private companies fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and December 15, 2020, respectively, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2018-15 as of January 1, 2021. The adoption did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3. 
 Services and other revenue Total revenue 
 
 Within services and other revenue, the Company recorded revenue from project assets of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Partnership hardware and service revenue was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 , and 2020 , respectively. 
 78 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Rest of the world Total revenue 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent contracted revenue that has not been recognized, which includes contract liabilities (deferred revenue) and amounts that will be billed and recognized as revenue in future periods. million of remaining performance obligations, and the approximate percentages expected to be recognized as revenue in the future are as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Hardware revenue 
 Total revenue 
 Contract Balances 
 Deferred revenue primarily includes cash received in advance of revenue recognition related to energy optimization services and incentives. 
 Deferred revenue acquired upon business combination Upfront payments received from customers Upfront or annual incentive payments received Revenue recognized related to amounts that were included in beginning balance of deferred revenue ) ) ) Revenue recognized related to amounts that were included in acquired balance of deferred revenue ) Revenue recognized related to deferred revenue generated during the period ) ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 
 4. 

79 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) Commercial paper U.S. government bonds ) Certificate of deposits Treasury bills ) Agency bonds ) Total short-term investments ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Amortized cost Unrealized gain Unrealized Loss Estimated Fair Value Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper U.S. government bonds ) Certificate of deposits Agency bonds ) Total short-term investments ) 
 
 Due between one to two years Total 
 t record an allowance for credit losses, as management believes any such losses would be immaterial based on the investment-grade credit rating for each of the short-term investments as of the end of each period. 
 
 5. 
 
 80 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Commercial paper Debt securities: Corporate debt securities Commercial paper U.S. government bonds Certificate of deposits Treasury bills Other Total financial assets 
 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Cash equivalents: Money market fund Debt securities: Corporate debt securities Commercial paper U.S. government bonds Certificate of deposits Other Total financial assets 
 The Company s money market funds are classified as Level 1 because they are valued using quoted market prices. The Company s short-term investments consist of available-for-sale securities and are classified as Level 2 because their value is based on valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 
 Fair Value of Convertible Promissory Notes 
 million 
 81 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 6. 
 of the outstanding shares of AlsoEnergy. AlsoEnergy provides end-to-end turnkey solutions that monitor and manage renewable energy systems. AlsoEnergy has deployed systems at various international locations, but its largest customer bases are in the United States, Germany and Canada. The combined company delivers a one-stop-shop solution for front-of-meter and commercial and industrial C I customers with solar and storage needs. 
 The total consideration to acquire AlsoEnergy was million, comprised of million in cash, net of a working capital adjustment for an escrow recovery, and million in the form of shares of the Company s common stock. The Company incurred million of transaction costs related to the acquisition of AlsoEnergy, which were recorded in general and administrative expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 Equity consideration Working capital adjustment ) Total consideration 
 Accounts receivable Other current assets Inventory Operating lease right-of-use assets Separately identifiable intangible assets acquired other than goodwill Other noncurrent assets Total identifiable assets acquired Liabilities Assumed Accounts payable Other current liabilities Accrued payroll Deferred revenue, current portion Lease liabilities, current portion Deferred revenue, noncurrent Lease liabilities, noncurrent Deferred tax liability Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Total consideration 
 82 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million. The allocation of fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was finalized in the fourth quarter of 2022. No further adjustments were made. 
 Customer relationships Backlog Developed technology Separately identifiable intangible assets acquired other than goodwill 
 Trade names include the AlsoEnergy and PowerTrack trade names, which were measured at fair value using the relief-from-royalty method. Customer relationships represent the estimated fair values of the underlying relationship with AlsoEnergy customers measured using the multiple-period excess earnings method under the income approach. Backlog relates to subscriptions contracts that were measured at fair value using the multiple-period excess earnings method under the income approach. Developed technology represents the preliminary fair value of AlsoEnergy s renewable energy platform that was measured using the relief-from-royalty method of the income approach. Significant estimates and assumptions related to the Company s forecasts of future revenues and selection of the weighted average cost of capital, royalty rates, and estimated revenue growth rates are used in measuring the fair value of these assets. The amortization expense for all acquired intangible assets will be recognized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives. 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. The acquisition of AlsoEnergy resulted in the recognition of million of goodwill. Goodwill acquired primarily consists of expanded market and product opportunities, including acceleration of growth of renewable energy onto the power grid, expanded value for the Company s customers to manage and optimize combined solar and energy storage systems through the vertical integration of software solutions, as well as access of the Company s product offerings to international markets. 
 Goodwill created as a result of the acquisition of AlsoEnergy is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. A net deferred tax liability of million was established for the intangible assets acquired net of deferred tax assets, which primarily consists of net operating loss carryforwards and deferred revenue. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 The following unaudited pro forma financial information summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and AlsoEnergy, as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2021. 
 Net loss ) ) 
 The pro forma financial information for the periods presented above has been calculated after adjusting the results of AlsoEnergy to reflect the business combination accounting effects resulting from this acquisition, including the elimination of transaction costs incurred by the Company, amortization expense from acquired intangible assets, and settlement of stock option awards. The historical consolidated financial statements have been adjusted in the pro forma combined financial statements to give effect to pro forma events that are directly attributable to the business combination. The pro forma financial information is for informational purposes only, and is not indicative of either future results of operations, or results that may have been achieved had the acquisition been consummated as of the beginning of 2022 or 2021. 
 83 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 7. 
 Recovery of escrow from AlsoEnergy acquisition ) Effect of foreign currency translation Total goodwill 
 Intangible Assets, Net 
 Trade name Customer relationships Backlog Internally developed software Intangible assets Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Add: Currency translation adjustment Total intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, of which amortization of internally developed software and developed technology is recognized in cost of goods sold and amortization of customer relationships, trade name, and backlog is recognized in sales and marketing in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 8. 
 to years. These leases require monthly lease payments that may be subject to annual increases throughout the lease term. Certain of these leases also include renewal options at the election of the Company to renew or extend the lease for an additional . These optional periods have not been considered in the determination of the ROU assets or lease liabilities associated with these leases as the Company did not consider the exercise of these options to be reasonably certain. 
 The Company performed evaluations of its contracts and determined each of its identified leases are operating leases. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company incurred million, million and million, respectively, of rent expense included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations in relation to its operating leases, inclusive of short-term and variable lease expense which was immaterial. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million million and million, respectively, and was included in net cash used in operating activities in the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 84 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liability future lease payments 
 Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities Total 
 The following summarizes additional information related to operating leases: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted average remaining operating lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 

9. 
 Retirement cost revaluation ) ) Accretion expense Ending balance at December 31, 
 85 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 10. 
 Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Energy storage systems not yet placed into service Total energy storage systems, net 
 Depreciation expense for energy storage systems was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Depreciation expense is recognized in cost of service revenue. 
 
 11. 
 Accounts receivable - customer Financing obligation receivables Accounts receivable allowance ) ) Other Total accounts receivable, net 
 Inventory 
 Raw Materials Finished Goods Batteries Total inventory 
 Other Current Assets 
 Utility program deposits Due from related parties Other Total other current assets 
 86 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Unbilled receivables, net Deferred costs with suppliers Receivable from SPEs (Note 17) 
 Self-generation incentive program deposits Investment in VIEs Property and equipment, net Project assets Other Total other noncurrent assets 
 Depreciation expense for property and equipment was million for each of the year ended December 31, 2022 and immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 Accrued interest notes payable Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 Lease liabilities current portion Due to related parties Other Total other current liabilities 
 
 12. 
 million that bore fixed interest at with a maturity date of June 2020. 
 87 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and extended the maturity date to May 2021. The amendment increased the fixed interest rate for any borrowings outstanding more than to thereafter. Additionally, under the original terms of the revolving loan agreement, the Company was able to finance of the value of the hardware purchased up to the total loan capacity. The amendment reduced the advance rate to , with an additional reduction to in August 2020. The amendment was accounted for as a modification of the debt, which did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In April 2021, the Company repaid the remaining outstanding balance of this facility with the proceeds received from the Merger. The facility was terminated after the repayment in April 2021. 
 Term Loan Due to Former Non-Controlling Interest Holder 
 In June 2018, the Company acquired the outstanding member interests of an entity controlled by the Company for million. The Company financed this acquisition by entering into a term loan agreement with the noncontrolling member bearing fixed interest of per quarter per annum) on the outstanding principal balance. The loan required fixed quarterly payments throughout the term of the loan, which was scheduled to be paid in full by April 1, 2026. 
 In May 2020, the Company amended the term loan and, using the proceeds from the 2020 Credit Agreement discussed below, prepaid million of principal and interest on the note, of which million was towards the outstanding principal balance, thereby reducing the fixed quarterly payment due to the lender. In relation to this amendment, the Company was required to issue warrants for shares of common stock resulting in a discount to the term loan of million. In April 2021, the Company repaid the remaining outstanding balance of this facility with the proceeds received from the Merger. Upon prepayment of this facility, the Company incurred million in prepayment penalties that were recorded to loss on extinguishment of debt in the Company s statement of operations. The facility was terminated after the repayment in April 2021. 
 2020 Credit Agreement 
 In May 2020, the Company entered into a credit agreement 2020 Credit Agreement with a new lender that provided the Company with proceeds of million to provide the Company with access to working capital towards the purchase of energy storage system equipment. The 2020 Credit Agreement has a maturity date of the earlier of (1) May 2021, (2) the maturity date of the revolving loan agreement, or (3) the maturity date of the Pre-Merger Convertible Promissory Notes discussed below in Note 13 Convertible Promissory Notes . The loan bore interest of per annum, of which was paid in cash and added back to principal of the loan balance every quarter. The Company used a portion of the proceeds towards payments associated with existing debt. In April 2021, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of this facility with the proceeds received from the Merger. Upon prepayment of this facility, the Company incurred million in prepayment penalties that were recorded to loss on extinguishment of debt in the Company s statement of operations. The facility was terminated after the repayment in April 2021. 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 In January 2021, the Company, through a wholly owned Canadian entity, entered into a credit agreement to provide a total of million towards the financing of certain energy storage systems. The credit agreement is structured on a non-recourse basis and the system will be operated by the Company. The credit agreement has a stated interest of and a maturity date of June 2031. The Company received an advance under the credit agreement of million in January 2021. The repayment of advances received under this credit agreement is determined by the lender based on the proceeds generated by the Company through the operation of the underlying energy storage systems. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the outstanding balance was million and million, respectively. The Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the 2021 Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 Unamortized discount ) ) Carrying value of debt 
 88 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 13. 
 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued additional convertible notes, including convertible promissory notes issued and sold in January 2021 (the Q1 2021 Convertible Notes and the 2028 Convertible Notes. Upon effectiveness of the Merger on April 28, 2021, all outstanding Pre-Merger Convertible Promissory Notes were converted to common stock and cancelled (see Conversion and Cancellation of Convertible Promissory Notes Upon Merger below). As of December 31, 2021, the Pre-Merger Convertible Promissory Notes and the Q1 2021 Convertible Notes were longer outstanding. 
 
 Q1 2021 Convertible Notes 
 In January 2021, the Company issued and sold the Q1 2021 Convertible Notes under the same terms as the then existing Pre-Merger Convertible Promissory Notes to various investors with aggregate gross proceeds of million. The Company evaluated the conversion option within the Q1 2021 Convertible Notes and determined the effective conversion price was beneficial to the note holders. 
 Conversion and Cancellation of Convertible Promissory Notes Upon Merger 
 Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, the entire balance of the Company s outstanding Pre-Merger Convertible Promissory Notes issued by Legacy Stem automatically converted into shares of Legacy Stem Common Stock. Upon the effectiveness of the Merger, these shares of Legacy Stem Common Stock automatically converted into shares of common stock of Stem. The balance associated with the outstanding Pre-Merger Convertible Promissory Notes totaling million, including million of interest accrued on the notes through the date of Merger, was reclassified to additional paid-in-capital. The unamortized portion of the debt discount associated with the outstanding Q1 2021 Convertible Notes totaling million was fully expensed to loss on extinguishment of debt on the Company s statement of operations. 
 2028 Convertible Notes and Capped Call Options 
 2028 Convertible Notes 
 On November 22, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its 2028 Convertible Notes in a private placement offering to qualified institutional buyers (the Initial Purchasers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 The 2028 Convertible Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at a rate of per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears in June and December of each year, beginning in June 2022. The notes will mature on December 1, 2028, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. Upon conversion, the Company may choose to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock. The Notes are redeemable for cash at the Company s option at any time given certain conditions (as discussed below), at an initial conversion rate of 34.1965 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2028 Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately (the 2028 Conversion Price per share of the Company s common stock. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described in the Indenture. 
 The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2028 Convertible Notes, at the Company s option, on or after December 5, 2025 if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock has been at least of the 2028 Conversion Price then in effect for at least trading days at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2028 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The Company s net proceeds from this offering were approximately million, after deducting the Initial Purchasers discounts and debt issuance costs. To minimize the impact of potential dilution to the Company s common stockholders upon conversion of the 2028 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into separate capped calls transactions (the Capped Calls as described below. 
 In accordance with accounting guidance for debt with conversion and other options, the Company separately accounted for the liability and equity components of the 2028 Convertible Notes by allocating the proceeds between the liability component and the equity component, due to the Company's ability to settle the 2028 Convertible Notes in cash, its common Stock, or a combination of cash and common Stock at the option of the Company. The carrying amount of the liability component was 
 89 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 , or the expected life of the 2028 Convertible Notes. The equity component is not remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification. 
 After allocating the proceeds of the liability and equity components, the Company further allocated million initial purchasers debt discount and debt issuance cost of million and million, respectively. The initial purchaser s discount and debt issuance costs primarily consisted of underwriters, advisory, legal, and accounting fees. 
 Debt Issuance Costs Total 
 The portion allocated to the debt component is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected life of the 2028 Convertible Notes, or approximately its term. The effective interest rate on the liability component of the 2028 Convertible Notes for the period from the date of issuance through December 2028 is , which remains unchanged from the date of issuance. 
 At the original issuance date, the fair value of the debt component of the Company s 2028 Convertible Notes was million and the estimated fair value of the equity component was million, as measured on the date of issuance, resulting in a total fair value of million for the 2028 Convertible Notes. The 2028 Convertible Notes were priced at par at the valuation date resulting in the fair value of the 2028 Convertible Notes equal to the principal amount of million. The fair value of the equity component has been calculated as the residual amount between the fair value of the 2028 Convertible Notes and the fair value of the debt component. 
 Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company allocated all of the debt discount to long-term debt. The debt discount is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method, computed to be , over the life of the 2028 Convertible Notes or approximately its term. Unamortized initial purchaser s debt discount and debt issuance cost ) ) Net carrying amount 
 Non-cash interest expense Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance cost Total interest expense 
 Capped Call Options 
 On November 17, 2021, in connection with the pricing of the 2028 Convertible Notes, and on November 19, 2021, in connection with the exercise in full by the Initial Purchasers of their option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered 
 90 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million of the net proceeds to pay the cost of the Capped Calls. 
 The Capped Calls have an initial strike price of per share, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2028 Convertible Notes and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments. The Capped Calls have a cap price of per share, subject to certain adjustments. 
 The Capped Calls are considered separate transactions entered into by and between the Company and the Capped Calls counterparties, and are not part of the terms of the 2028 Convertible Notes. The Company recorded a reduction to additional paid-in capital of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the premium payments for the Capped Calls. These instruments meet the conditions outlined in ASC 815 to be classified in stockholders equity (deficit) and are not subsequently remeasured as long as the conditions for equity classification continue to be met. 
 
 14. 
 warrants outstanding, of which substantially all were converted into shares of common stock of Stem. Upon conversion of the warrants, the existing warrant liabilities were remeasured to fair value resulting in a gain on remeasurement of million and a total warrant liability of million, which was then reclassified to additional paid-in-capital. As of December 31, 2022, there were Legacy Stem Warrants outstanding. These instruments are exercisable into the Company s common stock and are equity classified. 
 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants 
 As part of STPK s initial public offering, under the Warrant Agreement dated as of August 20, 2020 (the Warrant Agreement and, prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, STPK issued warrants each of which entitled the holder to purchase share of common stock at an exercise price of per share of common stock (the Public Warrants ). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, STPK completed the private sale of million warrants to STPK s sponsor (the Private Warrants ). Upon issuance, these warrants met the criteria for liability classification. Upon the effectiveness of the Merger, Stem assumed the outstanding Public Warrants and Private Warrants, which continued to meet the criteria for liability classification, resulting in assumed warrant liabilities of million and million, respectively, or a total warrant liability of million. Such warrants were initially recorded at fair value and remeasured to fair value at each reporting period. The fair value of the Private Warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes method. Black-Scholes inputs used to value the warrants are based on information from purchase agreements and within valuation reports prepared by an independent third party for the Company. Inputs include exercise price, selection of guideline public companies, volatility, fair value of common stock, expected dividend rate and risk-free interest rate. 
 On June 25, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with the holders of the outstanding Private Placement Warrants, pursuant to which such holders received shares of the Company s common stock on June 30, 2021, in exchange for the cancellation of all outstanding Private Placement Warrants. The Exchange Shares were issued in reliance upon the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Immediately prior to the exchange, the Private Warrants were marked to fair value, resulting in a loss of million. As a result of the Exchange Agreement, there are Private Warrants outstanding. 
 On August 20, 2021, the Company issued an irrevocable notice for redemption of all of the Company s outstanding public warrants at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on September 20, 2021 Redemption Date ). Pursuant to the notice of redemption, holders exercised Public Warrants for a purchase price of per share, for proceeds to the Company of approximately million. The Company redeemed all remaining outstanding Public Warrants that had not been exercised as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the Redemption Date. As a result of the settlement of the Public Warrants, the Company recorded a gain of million on the revaluation of the warrant liability. The Company also recorded a gain of million on the redemption of unexercised Public Warrants. These gains are recorded in change in fair value of warrants and embedded derivative in the consolidated statements of operation in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Public Warrants have been delisted from the NYSE, and there are public warrants outstanding. 
 Warrants Issued for Services 
 91 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. These warrants were deemed to have been fully earned as of the grant date. The warrants were valued at fair market value as of the grant date totaling million and recorded to general and administrative expense in the Company s statement of operations. In May 2021, all of these warrants were exercised for shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 15. 
 RSUs outstanding Options outstanding Shares available for future issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Conversion of 2028 Convertible Notes Total 
 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under equity incentive plans corresponding to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan stock options and RSUs had been granted to employees under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 16. 
 of the fair value of one share of common stock for incentive or non-qualified stock options, and not less than of the fair value for stockholders owning greater than of all classes of stock, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). Options under the Plans generally expire after years. Under the Plans, the Compensation Committee of the Board determines when the options granted will become exercisable. Options granted under the Plans generally vest 1/4 from the grant date and then 1/48 each month over the following and are exercisable for years from the date of the grant. The Plans allow for exercise of unvested options with repurchase rights over the restricted common stock issued at the original exercise price. The repurchase rights lapse at the same rate as the options vest. 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options expired Balances as of December 31, 2022 Options vested and exercisable December 31, 2022 
 92 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Significant Assumptions in Estimating Option Fair Value 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (years) Dividend yield 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs represent a right to receive share of the Company s common stock that is both non-transferable and forfeitable unless and until certain conditions are satisfied. RSUs generally, either cliff vest on the third anniversary of the award grant date, or vest 1/4 per year over a period, subject to continued employment through each anniversary. The fair value of restricted stock units is determined on the grant date and is amortized over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. 
 RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs forfeited ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Research and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Research and development expenses of million corresponding to i nternal-use software, were capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 17. 
 
 93 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Limited Liability Companies: Stem Finance SPV II, LLC SPV II ), Stem Finance SPV III, LLC SPV III ), and Generate-Stem LCR, LLC SPV IV ), respectively. These agreements are accounted for as unconsolidated VIEs because the Company lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economics of these entities. Although the Company is not the primary beneficiary of these entities, due to its significant continuing involvement in the generation of cash flows of the energy storage systems and legal responsibilities under the host customer contract, the Company is required to include the assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses of these entities in its consolidated financial statements. The significant activities involve deciding which energy storage systems to be purchased by the SPE and setting of the annual operating budgets which govern the ongoing operation and maintenance of the energy storage systems. Both of these activities significantly impact the revenue, expenses, and resulting residual returns or losses that will accrue to the investors of the SPE and require approval by both Stem and the other third-party investor. Stem, the non-managing member of the SPE, shares power through its rights to (i) agree on SPE purchases of energy storage systems in the master purchase agreement, and (ii) approve the annual operating budgets in the operating and maintenance agreement. The other investor shares power through its rights as the managing member in the SPE. As a result, power is shared with the other investors in the SPE who are not considered related parties (including de facto agency relationships) of the Company. Investments in such SPEs are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and are recorded within other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company s maximum loss exposure from these entities is limited to the aggregate carrying amount of its equity method investments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not provided, and is not required to provide, financial support through a liquidity arrangement or otherwise, to its SPEs, including circumstances in which it could be exposed to further losses (e.g., cash shortfalls). The Company s cumulative share of the earnings/(losses) in SPV II, SPV III and SPV IV was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022, and million for both of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 
 Copec 
 During March 2020, the Company entered into the JV Agreement with Compania de Petroleos de Chile Copec S.A. Copec ), a leading wholesaler and distributor of petroleum products, that supplies fuel, lubricants, and other retail services such as carwash and foods through its series of service stations. The Company operates more than service stations in Chile and more than through different subsidiaries companies around South America, Central America, and the United States. 
 The purpose of the JV Agreement is to form an entity with equity contributions from both Stem and Copec to explore and develop business opportunities within the commercial and industrial space, including utilities and grid operators, in Latin America with the focus of providing intelligent energy storage solutions that leverage advanced software analytics and controls (principally through the Athena Platform developed by Stem). Stem s technology and expertise will be combined with the strength of Copec s scale, distribution network, energy knowledge and other expertise areas to develop business in certain territories as defined in the JV Agreement. 
 The JV entity is a VIE and the Company holds a variable interest in the JV Entity. However, the Company does not have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the economics of the JV Entity and, as such, is not the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate the JV Entity. The Company has concluded that it has the ability to exercise significant influence over the JV Entity, and accounts for the investment using the equity method. 
 
 94 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Stem s interest of Class A shares 
 of Class B shares 
 of Class B shares 
 of Class A shares 
 Initial distributions: Class A (Stem) 
 (Stem 
 To be determined Class B (Stem 
 (Stem) 
 N/A 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company s investment in its unconsolidated SPEs, recorded within other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets, was as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Investment in SPV II Investment in SPV III Investment in SPV IV Copec Other equity method investments Total equity method investments 
 As discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , the Company accounts for the legal sales of the energy storage systems to the SPEs as a financing obligation. This is because the Company has significant continuing involvement in the generation of cash flows of the energy storage systems and continue to be legally responsible under the host customer contract. 
 Financing obligation, noncurrent 
 Interest expense related to the financing obligations was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively . 
 As a result of being the accounting owner of energy storage systems sold to the SPEs and retaining the obligation to provide energy optimization services to host customers, the Company records the carrying value of energy storage system assets and obligations under the customer host contracts on its consolidated balance sheet. 
 Deferred revenue, current Deferred revenue, noncurrent Other liabilities 
 Because the Company is the legal party responsible for providing services to the host customer and significantly involved in generating the revenue under the host customer arrangements, the Company records the revenue associated with services, and separately records payments to the VIE as debt and interest payments. Revenues recognized by the Company associated with 
 95 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively . Such revenues are inclusive of incentive fees, consistent with the Company s revenue policy. Depreciation expense recognized within cost of service revenue by the Company for the energy storage systems legally sold to the unconsolidated SPEs was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 18.) ) ) Less: Deemed Dividend ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Denominator: Weighted-average number of shares outstanding used to compute net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 Outstanding 2028 Convertible Notes Outstanding stock options Outstanding warrants Outstanding RSUs Total 

19.) ) ) Foreign ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 Due to the Company s net losses, the Company did t record a provision for federal income taxes during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance for its net U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. 
 
 96 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) State ) Foreign ) Total deferred ) Total provision for income taxes ) 
 State tax Foreign income and withholding taxes ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Change in fair value of warrants ) Other ) ) Non-deductible interest expense ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) ) Total 
 Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax reporting purposes, as well as net operating losses NOLs and tax credit carryforwards. 
 
 97 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Tax credits Depreciable assets Operating lease liabilities Accruals and allowances Stock-based compensation Deferred revenue Interest expense Other Total gross deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Amortization of asset retirement obligation ) ) Intangibles ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had federal NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, and state NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. Of the million federal net operating loss, million will begin to expire in 2029, while the remaining amount does not expire. The federal and state NOL carryforwards will both begin to expire in 2029. The state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2029. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had foreign NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards expire in 2039. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2029 if not utilized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had California research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which do not expire. 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As a result of a history of taxable losses and uncertainties as to future profitability, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets with exception of a foreign subsidiary which has been profitable historically. The valuation allowance was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit forwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership change limitations that may have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by the Internal Revenue Code Section 382, as well as similar state provisions. In general, an ownership change, as defined by the code, results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points of the outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders or public groups. Any limitation may result in expiration of all or a portion of the NOL or tax credit carryforwards before utilization. The Company has not performed a detailed analysis to determine whether an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code has previously occurred. As a result, the Company s ability to utilize existing carryforwards could be restricted. 
 The Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . There were no material additions, reductions or settlements of unrecognized tax benefits for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The Company expects resolution of unrecognized tax benefits, if created, would occur while the full valuation allowance of deferred tax assets is maintained. The Company does not expect to have any unrecognized tax 
 98 

STEM, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

20. 
 million and non-cancelable purchase obligations with a term 12 months or longer of million. 
 
 Contingencies 
 . 
 
 21. 
 to , up to the maximum allowable by law by making contributions to the plan. The Company may match, at its discretion, the employee contributions according to the terms of the plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the company made matching contributions of million to the plan. During the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company did t match any of its employees contributions. 
 99 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (Disclosure Controls) within the meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Our Disclosure Controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our Disclosure Controls are also designed to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on management s evaluation (under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and our CFO) as of December 31, 2022, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our Disclosure Controls were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our CEO and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 On February 1, 2022, we completed our acquisition of certain assets of Also Energy Holdings, Inc. (AlsoEnergy). We are in the process of evaluating the existing controls and procedures of AlsoEnergy, and integrating AlsoEnergy into our internal control over financial reporting. In accordance with SEC Staff guidance permitting a company to exclude an acquired business from management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for the year in which the acquisition is completed, we have excluded the business that we acquired in the AlsoEnergy acquisition from our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The business that we acquired in the AlsoEnergy acquisition constituted 3 of our total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 16 of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in its report which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except as described below: 
 Remediation Activities 
 As previously reported, management identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. The material weaknesses that we identified related to (i) the accounting for energy storage systems, deferred cost of goods sold and inventory, (ii) ineffective internal controls over review of the Company s consolidated financial 
 100 

statements and related disclosures, (iii) a lack of formality in our internal control activities, especially related to management review-type controls, and (iv) ineffective internal controls over the review of certain revenue recognition calculations. 
 We implemented several measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting in order to remediate the control deficiencies noted above. These steps include: 
 Developing and delivering internal control training to management and finance/accounting personnel, focusing on a review of management s and individual roles and responsibilities related to internal control over financial reporting. 
 Hiring, training and developing experienced accounting executives and personnel with a level of public accounting knowledge and experience in the application of US GAAP commensurate with our financial reporting requirements and the complexity of our operations and transactions. 
 Establishing and implementing policies and practices to attract, develop and retain competent public accounting personnel. 
 Engaging a qualified third party Sarbanes-Oxley SOX compliance firm to assist us in bolstering and implementing our SOX compliance program, with a focus on documenting processes and controls, identifying and addressing control gaps, formalizing the internal control activities and strengthening the overall quality of documentation that evidences control activities. 
 Performing a financial statement risk assessment and scoping exercise to identify and assess the risks of material misstatements in our financial statements to better ensure that the appropriate effort and resources are dedicated to addressing risks of material misstatements. 
 Establishing a disclosure committee comprised of our CEO, CFO, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and other senior finance/accounting and legal personnel to, among other things, review and, as necessary, help revise the Company s controls and other procedures to ensure that information required by us to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately and on a timely basis. 
 Implementing a Section 302 sub-certification program to reinforce the Company s culture of compliance. 
 Implementing processes to improve monitoring activities involving the review and supervision of our accounting operations, including increased and enhanced balance sheet reviews to allow more focus on quality account reconciliations and enhanced monitoring of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Implementing new accounting applications to enhance and streamline the order-to-cash and commissions processes. 
 As a result of these efforts, the Company determined that all material weaknesses were remediated and our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 . 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Internal Controls 
 Our management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Furthermore, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 101 

Part III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 See Item I. Business Information About Our Executive Officers of this Report for information regarding the executive officers of Stem. The other information required for this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement, including under the headings Corporate Governance and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, if applicable, and is incorporated by reference. 
 We maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees, officers and directors, including our principal executive, principal financial and principal accounting officers, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is published on our website at investors.stem.com/governance. We intend to disclose on our website future amendments to certain provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or waivers of the code granted to executive officers and directors, in accordance with SEC rules. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required for this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement including under the headings Executive Compensation Compensation Committee Interlocks and Report of the Compensation Committee, and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNER AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required for this item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement, including under the heading Certain Information About Our Common Stock, and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required for this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement, including under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance, and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required for this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement, including under the heading Ratification of Independent Auditor Selection, and is incorporated by reference. 
 102 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements: The financial statements filed as part of this Report are listed on the index to financial statements on page 53 . 
 (2) Financial Schedules: All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the required information is otherwise included. 
 (b) Exhibits. The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index are included, or incorporated by reference, in this Report. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated October 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2022). 
 4.1 Indenture dated as of November 22, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Stem s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 
 4.2 Form of 0.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.1). 
 4.3 Description of the Registrant s Securities incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Stem s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022 . 
 10.1 Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Stem s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 
 10.2 Purchase Agreement dated as of November 17, 2021, between the Company and the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Stem s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 
 10.3 Stem, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Stem s Annual Report on Form 10-K f iled on February 28, 2022 . 
 10.4 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Stem, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 to Stem s Ann u a l R eport on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022 . 
 10.5 Stem, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Stem s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on July 2, 2021) 
 10.6 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Stem, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Stem s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2021). 
 10.7 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Stem, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Stem s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022 ). 
 10.8 Investor Rights Agreement dated April 28, 2021, by and among the Company and certain of its stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2021) 
 10.9 Framework BESS Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2021, by and between Tesla, Inc. and Stem, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Stem s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2021) 
 10.10 First Amended and Restated M a ster Supply Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Energy Storage Systems, dated as of February 28, 2020, by and between Sungrow U S A Corporation, Sungrow Samsung SDI Energy Storage Power Supply Co., Ltd. and Stem, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Stem s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2022). 
 10.11 First Amended and Restated Master Supply Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Energy Storage Equipment, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between Powin Energy Corporation and Stem, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Stem s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2023). 
 10.12 Form of Indemnification Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Stem s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 2 8, 2022 . 
 10.13 Form of Executive Employment Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to S t em s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022 . 
 
 103 

21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 Powers of Attorney. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith Management or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Information in this exhibit (indicated by brackets) has been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 104 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 16, 2023 
 STEM, INC. By: /s/ William Bush William Bush Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Chief Executive Officer and Director John Carrington (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ William Bush Chief Financial Officer William Bush (Principal Financial Officer) /s/Rahul Shukla Chief Accounting Officer Rahul Shukla (Principal Accounting Officer) Chairman of the Board David Buzby Director Adam E. Daley Director Anil Tammineedi Director Michael C. Morgan Director Laura D Andrea Tyson Director Lisa L. Troe Director Jane Woodward /s/ Saul R. Laureles February 16, 2023 
 By Saul R. Laureles, Attorney-in-Fact 
 105 

<EX-21>
 2
 stem-10xk2022_ex21xsubsidi.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 STEM, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 
 The Registrant, Stem, Inc., a Delaware corporation, has no parent 
 The following are subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 (as of December 31, 2022) 
 
 Subsidiary Name 
 Country or state of incorporation 
 AlsoEnergy Holdings, Inc. Delaware Stem US Holdings, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 stem-10xk2022_ex23xxconsen.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-251397 on Form S-4, Registration Statements No. 333-267275, No. 333-265612, No. 333-257994 and No. 333-256501 on Form S-3, and Registration statement No. 333-257665 on Form S-8, of our report dated February 16, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Stem, Inc. and the effectiveness of Stem, Inc s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 4
 stem-10xk2022_ex24xpowerof.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 Powers of Attorney 
 Each of the undersigned, in the capacity or capacities set forth below his or her signature as a member of the Board of Directors and or an officer of Stem, Inc., a Delaware company, hereby appoints William Bush and Saul R. Laureles, or either of them, the attorney or attorneys of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and revocation, for and in the name, place and stead of the undersigned, to execute and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission the Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, and any amendment or amendments to any such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and any agreements, consents or waivers related thereto, and to take any and all such other action for and in the name and place and stead of the undersigned as may be necessary or desirable in order to comply with the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 s John Carrington s David Buzby John Carrington David Buzby Chief Executive Officer and Director Chairman of the Board s Adam E. Daley s Anil Tammineedi Adam E. Daley Anil Tammineedi Director Director s Michael C. Morgan s Laura D Andrea Tyson Michael C. Morgan Laura D Andrea Tyson Director Director s Lisa L. Troe s Jane Woodward Lisa L. Troe Jane Woodward Director Director 

Date February 7, 2023 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 stem-10xk2022_exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, John Carrington, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Stem, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

STEM, INC. Date February 16, 2023 
 By s John Carrington Name John Carrington Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 stem-10xk2022_exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, William Bush, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Stem, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

STEM, INC. Date February 16, 2023 
 By s William Bush Name William Bush Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 stem-10xk2022_exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Stem, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Carrington, Chief Executive Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

STEM, INC. Date February 16, 2023 
 By s John Carrington Name John Carrington Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 stem-10xk2022_exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Stem, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William Bush, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the registrant. 

STEM, INC. Date February 16, 2023 
 By s William Bush Name William Bush Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 stem-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 stem-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 stem-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 stem-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 stem-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

