<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1834584_0001834584-23-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12186565</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>443567</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2314827</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3836334</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2866068</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2525715</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001834584-23-000023.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301154831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001834584-23-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Coupang, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001834584
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				272810505
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40115
		FILM NUMBER:		23693192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		720 OLIVE WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		12063333839

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		720 OLIVE WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001834584-23-000023.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 cpng-20221231.htm
 10-K

cpng-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant s principal executive offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of Each Class) (Trading Symbol) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Small reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022 was . 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

COUPANG, INC. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Page Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 40 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 PART II 
 Item 5 . 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6 . 
 [Reserved] 
 42 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 81 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 82 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 82 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 83 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 83 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 83 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 83 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 83 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 84 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 91 
 Signatures 
 92 
 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 1 

Table of Contents 

COUPANG, INC. 
 All references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to information in the Proxy Statement of Coupang, Inc. for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and in the exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to "Coupang, Inc.," "Coupang, "the Company," "our Company," "we," "us," and "our" are to the Delaware corporation named "Coupang, Inc." and, except where expressly noted or the context otherwise requires, that corporation's consolidated subsidiaries. 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, toward, will, or would, or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our expectations regarding our future operating and financial performance including our ability to achieve, maintain and increase long-term future profitability; 
 our ability to successfully execute our business and growth strategy; 
 the continued growth of the retail market and the increased acceptance of online transactions by potential customers; 
 the size of our addressable markets, market share, and market trends; 
 our ability to compete in our industry; 
 our ability to maintain and improve our market position; 
 our ability to manage expansion into new markets and offerings; 
 our ability to effectively manage the continued growth of our workforce and operations; 
 our anticipated investments in new products and offerings, and the effect of these investments on our results of operations; 
 the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents, and investments to meet our liquidity needs; 
 our ability to retain existing suppliers and merchants and to add new suppliers and merchants; 
 our suppliers and merchants ability to supply high-quality and compliant merchandise to our customers; 
 our ability to maintain adequate cybersecurity with respect to our systems; 
 our relationship with our employees and the status of our workers; 
 our ability to operate and manage the expansion of our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure; 
 the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations; 
 our ability to implement, maintain, and improve our internal control over financial reporting; 
 our ability to effectively manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 world events and the effects of global macroeconomic conditions, including the pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and its regional and global ramifications, inflationary pressures, a general economic slowdown or recession, further increases in interest rates and changes in monetary policy; 
 our ability to attract, retain, and motivate skilled personnel, including key members of our senior management; 
 our ability to stay in compliance with laws and regulations, including tax laws, that currently apply or may become applicable to our business both in Korea and internationally and our expectations regarding various laws and restrictions that relate to our business; and 
 the outcomes of any claims, litigation, governmental audits, inspections, and investigations; 
 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 2 

Table of Contents 

You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements such as we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-K. While we believe such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect new information, actual results, revised expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments. 
 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 The Company 
 We are building the next generation experience for e-commerce. By investing for the long term with a fanatical culture of customer centricity, we believe we are delivering a superior customer experience at a lower cost and continue to redefine standards for e-commerce worldwide. Our efforts have centered on building an end-to-end integrated system of technology and infrastructure, and most importantly, an innovation-focused culture driven to raise our customers expectations and lead them to wonder How did I ever live without Coupang? 
 On March 2, 2022, we announced that management revised its reportable segments to reflect the way we now manage our business and to promote improved visibility to our business performance. The change led to the following two reportable segments: 
 Product Commerce, which primarily includes our core retail (owned inventory) and marketplace offerings (third-party merchants) and Rocket Fresh, our fresh grocery offering, as well as advertising products associated with these offerings; and 
 Developing Offerings, which primarily includes our more nascent offerings and services, including Coupang Eats, our restaurant ordering and delivery service, Coupang Play, our online content streaming service, fintech, certain international initiatives, as well as advertising products associated with these offerings. 
 Our Customer Experience 
 We are committed to delivering a wow experience to all of our customers every day. In order to improve the customer experience with end-to-end control, we launched our owned-inventory selection. Through this, we offer our customers a wide selection of general merchandise ranging from consumer electronics to personal care. We reimagined the e-commerce experience with our Rocket Delivery service: 
 Dawn and Same-Day Delivery. Orders are delivered within hours via Dawn Delivery (ordered as late as midnight, arrive before 7am) or Same-Day Delivery (ordered in the morning, arrive same-day). 
 Next-Day Delivery. Customers are eligible for free, one-day delivery nationwide 365 days a year. 
 Frictionless Returns. Our customers simply tap a button on the app and leave the item outside their door for pickup. Refunds are initiated the moment the item is picked up at the door. 
 In addition to Rocket Delivery available to all our customers, our Rocket WOW membership program allows members to enjoy unlimited free shipping with no minimum spend, free unlimited returns for 30 days, delivery of groceries via Rocket Fresh, and content streaming on Coupang Play. We ve also extended our network and systems to other offerings that further improve our customers lives such as our restaurant ordering and delivery services from Coupang Eats. We believe the success of these offerings demonstrates the power of our network to extend offerings to our loyal customers. 
 Our Merchant Experience 
 Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) on Coupang form an essential part of our business, and we strive to be a growth driver for these companies through our win-win model. Over 70 of Coupang merchants are SMEs, which can leverage our nationwide fulfillment and logistics infrastructure to connect with millions of customers. We ve supported these SMEs, helping them in everything from marketing and logistics to customer service. We also continue to develop new ways for SMEs to unlock growth through Coupang, such as Coupang Private Label Brands, through which we work mostly with SMEs to develop and market high-quality products for customers marketed under our private label brand, at affordable prices. We also recently launched Rocket Overseas to customers in Taiwan, empowering SME partners to unlock even more growth through sales to customers outside of Korea, at no additional effort or cost on their part. 
 
 Advertising 
 In addition to our e-commerce services, we also have offerings for our suppliers and merchants to advertise on our websites and mobile applications. 
 
 Our Competition 
 We compete with: (1) offline, online, and omnichannel retailers, suppliers, distributors, manufacturers, and producers of the products we offer and sell to consumers and businesses; (2) web search engines, comparison shopping websites, social networks, web portals, and other online and app-based means of discovering, using, or acquiring goods and services, either directly or in 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 4 

Table of Contents 

collaboration with other retailers; (3) companies that provide e-commerce merchant services; (4) companies that sell grocery products online and offline; (5) on-demand food delivery services; (6) companies that provide fulfillment and logistics services for themselves or for third parties; (7) companies that provide online advertising products and services; (8) on-demand streaming entertainment services; and (9) financial services companies, including credit card issuers and payment platforms. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Typically, we see peak order volumes in and around the first and fourth quarters, which include major holidays. 
 
 Human Capital 
 Our global team of employees is the driving force in creating a one-of-a-kind experience for millions of customers. In the same way our employees aim to go above and beyond for our customers, we aim to go above and beyond for them. As one of the largest private sector employers in South Korea, we directly employ approximately 63,000 employees as of December 31, 2022. We believe our direct employment model, along with competitive wages, training and safety programs, and a broad range of comprehensive benefits, empowers our diverse set of employees to deliver the wow experiences for our customers we strive to create every day. 
 Most of our employees are frontline workers in our fulfillment and logistics operations, and we make their health, safety, and wellness a top priority. We've made significant investments in health and safety initiatives that helped strengthen our leading safety record, which is one of the best in the Korean logistics industry and globally 1 . These investments include Coupang Care, the first paid health promotion program of its kind at scale for logistics workers in Korea. We believe the well-being of our employees is directly tied to the success of our business, and most importantly, our impact on our customers. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other legal and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights. 
 We have trademark rights in our name and other brand indicia and have trademark registrations for select marks in Korea, the United States, and other jurisdictions around the world. We also have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.aboutcoupang.com and similar variations. 
 We control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including technical and administrative security controls and contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers, and partners. It is our practice to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements (or similar agreements) with our employees, consultants, and contractors involved in the development of intellectual property on our behalf. We also enter into confidentiality agreements with other third parties in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our confidential information and proprietary information. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property through provisions in our terms of service. 
 Our design logos, Coupang, and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Form 10-K are our property or our affiliates property. Other trade names, trademarks, and service marks used in this Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 Government regulation impacts key aspects of our business. In particular, we are subject to a number of national, state/region, and local laws, standards and regulations in Korea, the U.S., China, and other countries where we operate. These laws and regulations involve matters that are central to our business, including our interactions with customers, suppliers, and merchants. These laws and regulations involve fair trade, competition, labor and employment, privacy, data protection, intellectual property, consumer protection, import and export regulations, and other subjects. These regulations are often complex and subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory and governing bodies, such as federal, state, and local administrative agencies. 
 For additional information, see the risk factors herein in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors under the sub-caption Risks Related to Laws, Regulation and Intellectual Property in this Form 10-K. 
 
 1 Measured using work-related and accident-related fatalities. In our twelve year history, Coupang has not had a single accident-related fatality. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Company Website, Social Media, and Availability of SEC Filings 
 Our corporate website address is http://www.aboutcoupang.com and our investor relations website is www.ir.aboutcoupang.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference herein and is not a part of this Form 10-K. We promptly make available on our investor relations website, free of charge, the reports that we file or furnish with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), corporate governance information (including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics) and select press releases. We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding Coupang and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 We may announce material business and financial information using our investor relations website, our filings with the SEC, webcasts, press releases, conference calls and social media. We use these mediums, including our corporate and investor relations websites, to communicate with investors and the general public about our company, our products, and other issues. It is possible that the information that we make available on our websites may be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors and others interested in our Company to review the information that we make available on our websites. 
 Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating globally. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe to be immaterial, or that apply to all companies operating globally could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as the price of our Class A common stock which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties. The risk factors described below are only a summary of the principal risk factors associated with investing in our Class A common stock. These risks are more fully described in this Risk Factors section, including the following: 
 our results of operations may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future results of operations difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations; 
 we may be unable to effectively manage the continued growth of our workforce and operations, including the development and management of new business initiatives; 
 our business is rapidly evolving, and we plan to continue to forgo short-term financial performance for long-term growth, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and predict our future results of operations, including our revenue growth rate; 
 we have a history of net losses, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to achieve or maintain profitability in future periods; 
 if we were to lose the services of members of our senior management team, we may not be able to effectively execute on our business strategy; 
 we face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors if we do not innovate or compete effectively; 
 ongoing or future pandemics may continue to adversely affect our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we, our customers, suppliers, merchants, and advertisers operate; 
 because some of our operations are subject to Korean law, there are circumstances in which certain of our Korean affiliates executive officers may be held either directly or vicariously criminally liable for the actions of our Korean affiliates or our Korean affiliates executives and employees; 
 some of our operations are subject to certain detailed and complex fair trade, labor, employment, and workplace safety laws and regulations, which continue to evolve and have and will continue to affect our operations and financial performance, could subject us to costs and penalties, and may affect our reputation; 
 harm to our Coupang brand or our associated brands and marks (our brand or reputation may occur if manufacturers and distributors from whom we buy products suppliers or the parties that sell their products on our marketplace merchants use unethical or illegal business practices, such as the sale of counterfeit or fraudulent products, or if our protocols with respect to such sales are perceived or found to be inadequate, which may also subject us to possible sanctions or penalties; 
 any significant interruptions or delays in service on our apps or websites, or any undetected errors or design faults, could result in limited capacity, reduced demand, processing delays, and loss of customers, suppliers, or merchants; 
 any failure to protect our apps, websites, networks, and systems against security breaches or otherwise protect our confidential information could damage our reputation and brand and may subject us to possible sanctions or penalties; 
 any failure to comply with privacy laws or regulations, or to fulfill privacy-related customer expectations in the jurisdictions where we operate, could damage our reputation and brand and business and may subject us to possible sanctions or penalties; 
 we rely on Coupang Pay to conduct a substantial amount of the payment processing. If Coupang Pay s services were limited, restricted, curtailed, or degraded in any way, or become unavailable to us or our customers for any reason, our business may be adversely affected; 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 7 

Table of Contents 

our expansion into new geographic markets and offerings and substantial increase in the number of our offerings may expose us to new and increased challenges and risks; 
 international relations, including escalations in tensions with North Korea, could adversely affect the Korean or global economies and demand for our products and services; and 
 the dual class structure of our common stock has have the effect of concentrating voting control with Mr. Bom Kim. This voting control may limit your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions and to influence corporate governance matters. 

Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History and Growth 
 We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability in future periods, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We have a history of net losses, including (0.1) billion, (1.5) billion and (0.5) billion for 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively, as well as an accumulated deficit of (5.7) billion as of December 31, 2022. Even though we have experienced improved revenue growth since our inception, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or further increase our past revenue growth, and we cannot ascertain whether or when we will achieve and, if achieved, maintain profitability in any future periods. Our costs and expenses are expected to increase in future periods, which could materially and adversely affect our future results of operations. In particular, we intend to continue to spend significant amounts to increase our customer base, increase the number and variety of merchandise and services we offer, expand our marketing channels, broaden our operations, develop additional fulfillment centers, hire additional and retain existing employees and managers, and develop our technology and fulfillment infrastructure. These increased costs may materially and adversely affect our operating expenses. Some of our initiatives to generate revenue are new and unproven, and any failure of these initiatives could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 In addition, we expect to invest in longer-term initiatives, which will likely impact our shorter-term results of operations. We may find that these efforts are more expensive than we currently anticipate and/or encounter technological and other development delays. We will also face increased compliance costs associated with growth, the expansion of our customer base, and being a public company. Our efforts to grow our business may cost more than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our increased operating expenses or to achieve and, if achieved, maintain profitability in future periods. 
 We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications or delays, and other unknown events. If we are unable to achieve and, if achieved, sustain profitability in future periods, the value of our business and the price per share of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 Our limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects, including future revenue growth rate, as well as the risks and challenges we may encounter. 
 Our limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate and assess our future prospects, as well as the risks and challenges that we may encounter. Although we launched our first website in 2010 and our first mobile application in 2011, our business and the markets in which we compete have rapidly evolved over time. As a result, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth and to expand our business in existing markets and enter new markets. As such, you should not rely on our business and financial performance in any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future business or financial performance. Many factors may contribute to a decline in our growth rate, including, but not limited to, market saturation, increased competition, slowing demand, global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, the difficulty of capitalizing on growth opportunities, and the maturation of our business. If our growth rate declines, investors perceptions of our business could be materially and adversely affected and the price per share of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties we may encounter. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to our ability to effectively and in a timely manner: 
 attract, on a cost-effective basis, new customers who purchase merchandise and services from us at similar or higher rates and amounts as compared to existing customers; 
 retain our existing customers and motivate their continued purchases from our apps and websites at rates and amounts consistent with or higher than their historical purchases; 
 encourage customers to expand the categories of merchandise and services they purchase from us; 
 retain and expand our network of suppliers and merchants; 
 manage and expand our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure and related operations; 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 8 

Table of Contents 

fulfill and deliver customer orders on time and in accordance with customer expectations, which may change over time; 
 increase awareness of our brand and protect our reputation; 
 respond to changes in the way customers access and use the Internet and mobile devices; 
 react to challenges from existing and new competitors; 
 expand our business in new and existing markets; 
 avoid interruptions or disruptions in our business; 
 further develop our scalable, high-performance technology and fulfillment infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment of new features and the sale of new merchandise and services; and 
 hire, integrate, motivate and retain qualified personnel. 
 If we fail to address the risks and uncertainties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above and those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 In addition, because we have limited historical financial data and our business continues to evolve and expand, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated a business that is not rapidly evolving and growing. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories and evolving businesses that operate in highly regulated and competitive industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may experience significant fluctuations in our results of operations. 
 Our revenue and results of operations may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control. These reasons include those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section as well as the following: 
 our ability to attract new and retain existing customers, increase sales to existing customers, and satisfy our customers demands; 
 our ability to offer merchandise and services on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders in a timely manner; 
 the introduction or activities of competitive stores, apps, websites, merchandise, or services; 
 the success of our growth and expansion efforts, including investments into new initiatives; 
 variations in our level of merchandise and supplier returns; 
 the extent to which we offer fast and free delivery through Rocket Delivery, continue to offer a compelling value proposition to our customers, and provide additional benefits to our customers; 
 factors affecting our reputation or brand image or awareness; 
 the extent to which we finance our current operations and future growth, and the terms of any such financing; 
 the timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure; 
 the outcomes of any legal proceedings and claims or regulatory investigations, which may include significant monetary damages, injunctive relief, personal liability (including criminal liability), sanctions, fines, suspensions or revocations of related permits and licenses, and penalties; 
 the extent to which we invest in technology and content, fulfillment, and other expense categories; 
 increases in our temporary or long-term costs such as labor and energy sources, packing supplies, and other goods not for resale; 
 changes in existing, or development of new, laws, regulations, or other regulatory practices and enforcement in the countries where we operate; 
 the extent to which our services are affected by cybersecurity and data security incidents, including but not limited to spyware, viruses, phishing, and other spam emails, denial of service attacks, data theft, computer intrusions, outages, and similar events; and 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 9 

Table of Contents 

disruptions from natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather conditions and other catastrophic events, global health epidemics and pandemics, geopolitical events and security issues (including terrorist attacks and armed hostilities), labor or trade disputes, macroeconomic conditions, and other similar events. 
 Fluctuations in our revenues and results of operations may result in a failure to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, which could cause the price per share of our Class A common stock to decline. In addition, our revenue growth may not be sustainable and our growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and results of operations depend in part on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our merchants, and on general economic and business conditions worldwide. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the Korean or global economies, may materially and adversely affect our revenue or growth rate, which could also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as the price per share of our Class A common stock. 
 We may be unable to accurately forecast our revenue and plan our expenses in the future. 
 Our results of operations are difficult to forecast because they generally depend on, among other things, the volume, timing, and type of purchases made by our customers, all of which are uncertain and subject to change. Additionally, many of our expenses, including those related to our fulfillment operations, are fixed and, as a result, we may be unable to adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in revenue. Any failure to accurately predict revenue or to adjust our expenses could adversely affect our results of operations in any given quarter, or a series of quarters, which could cause the price per share of our Class A common stock to decline. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 If we fail to timely identify or effectively respond to changing customer preferences and spending patterns, fail to expand the products being purchased by customers, or fail or are unable to obtain or offer appropriate categories of products, our relationship with our customers and the demand for our products and services could be materially and adversely affected, and the demand for our products and services could decrease, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our future business and financial performance depends on continued demand for the types of goods and services that we and our merchants offer through our apps and websites. The popularity of certain products, including apparel, beauty, food, and consumer electronics, may vary over time due to perceived availability, subjective value, seasonality, and/or general societal trends. A decline in the demand for certain products sold through our apps or websites without a corresponding increase in demand for different products that we or our merchants list on our apps or websites could materially and adversely affect our revenue. In addition, a temporary or sudden surge in demand for certain products may temporarily inflate the volume of those products listed on or purchased through our apps and websites, placing a significant strain on our infrastructure and throughput capacity. These trends may also cause significant fluctuations in our results of operations from period to period. A failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, an inability to keep adequate inventory of the type of products being purchased by customers, failure to grow and retain the members of our Rocket WOW membership program, or a failure or inability to obtain or offer appropriate categories of products could negatively affect our relationship with customers and the demand for our products and services. 
 Our ability to identify and develop and effectively manage sourcing relationships with qualified, economically stable suppliers and merchants, who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient amounts of products in a timely and cost-efficient manner is critical to our business. Significant changes to, or a failure to develop and maintain, sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Further, we also offer our customers private-label products on our apps and websites. Selling private-label products subjects us to additional and/or heightened risks, including but not limited to, risks of: potential product liability and mandatory or voluntary product recalls; potential liability arising from our commercial relationships with the manufacturers of our private-label products; potential liability for incidents, including, but not limited to, the injuries of our subcontractors employees at manufacturing sites that we do not control; failure to successfully protect our intellectual property rights and the rights of applicable third parties; harm to our reputation and brand image; and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, market, and sell private-label products. 
 If we are unable to successfully implement some or all of our major strategic initiatives in a timely manner, our ability to maintain and improve our market position may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our strategy is to continue to build on our market position by continuing to implement certain key strategic initiatives, which include the following: 
 building our brand and further expanding our customer base; 
 providing high-quality merchandise and services at attractive prices; 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 10 

Table of Contents 

focusing on customer satisfaction and our customers loyalty to our apps, websites, and programs, including our Rocket WOW membership program; 
 expanding our product offerings; and 
 enhancing our apps and websites and developing personalization tools to enhance our customers experience with our apps and websites. 
 We may not be successful in implementing any or all of these key strategic initiatives. If we are unable to successfully implement some or all of our key strategic initiatives in an effective and timely manner, our ability to maintain and improve our market position, and our competitive position, brand, and reputation may be harmed, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We have experienced significant growth since our inception and expect our business to continue to grow if we are successful in implementing our key strategic initiatives. The growth of our business has required and will continue to require significant attention of our management and expenditure of resources. To effectively manage our growth, we must successfully implement our operational plans and strategies, improve and expand our infrastructure, and expand, train, and manage our employee and contractor base. 
 For example, in recent years, we have rapidly increased our employee headcount to support the growth in our business, and we expect to continue to increase our headcount in the foreseeable future. To support our continued growth, we must effectively integrate, develop, and motivate a large number of new employees, while maintaining our corporate culture. In particular, we intend to continue to make substantial investments to expand our sales and technology personnel, which is challenging due to competition for such personnel. 
 In addition, the growth and expansion of our business and our variety of merchandise and services place significant demands on our management and other employees. For example, in an effort to increase customer engagement, we produce new versions of our apps and websites and communicate to our customers via email, mobile application push communications, and text messages. The continued growth of our business may require significant additional resources to continue these efforts, including increasing the size of our workforce, which may not scale in a cost-effective manner. 
 Similarly, we must effectively manage any retraction in parts of our business. Periodically, for reasons such as changing consumer preferences and other unforeseen circumstances, decisions may be made to discontinue investment in certain parts of our business. Such decisions require management effort to reorganize or reassign employees. In accordance with Korean law, employment contracts generally are not terminable at will unless an employee is deemed to be an employer (e.g., a registered director or an executive member-level employee), and employment and labor-related claims are common. If we fail to effectively manage retractions in our business or to successfully reorganize or reassign employees, our ability to meet our goals and our employee morale, productivity, and retention could suffer, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our revenue depends on prompt and accurate payment processes. Our failure to grow our transaction-processing capabilities to accommodate the increasing number of transactions that must be billed on our apps and websites would materially harm our business and our ability to collect revenue. 
 Furthermore, we may need to enter into relationships with various strategic partners, websites, and other online service providers and other third parties necessary to support and grow our business. The increased complexity of managing multiple commercial relationships or entering into new relationships could lead to execution problems that could affect current and future revenue and operating margins. 
 Our current and planned systems, procedures and controls, personnel, and third-party relationships may not be adequate to support our future operations. Our failure to manage growth effectively or to enter into additional third-party relationships on a timely basis could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we do not successfully operate and manage the expansion of our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially harmed. 
 We believe that our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure, including strategically located fulfillment centers, logistics centers, and delivery vehicles, coupled with our proprietary technology, is essential to our success. We operate our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure throughout Korea and maintain fulfillment centers in the United States and Taiwan. We are in the process of obtaining and developing additional fulfillment and logistics infrastructure to increase our storage capacity, reduce delivery times, and further improve our workflow and processes. 
 If we do not expand and operate our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure successfully and efficiently, or there are delays in the expansion of our fulfillment and logistics operations, we could experience excess or insufficient fulfillment and logistics capacity in 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 11 

Table of Contents 

one or more locations, an increase in costs or impairment charges, or other adverse impacts. For example, we believe that our end-to-end logistics infrastructure, including the ability to control our last-mile delivery logistics, is a key competitive advantage. If our end-to-end logistics infrastructure, including last-mile delivery, is negatively affected in any manner, including, but not limited to, by the introduction of direct competitors with these capabilities or by legislation, legal rulings, or other regulation that may disrupt this service, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 In addition, if we do not have sufficient fulfillment and logistics capacity, or we experience problems fulfilling and delivering orders in a timely manner, our customers may experience delays in receiving their purchases, which could harm our reputation and our relationship with our customers. 
 We have designed, built, purchased, and/or leased our own fulfillment and logistics infrastructure, in addition to utilizing some third-party delivery resources. Our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure was designed to meet the specific needs of our business. If we continue to add fulfillment and logistics capabilities, add new offerings with different fulfillment or logistics requirements, or change the mix of merchandise that we sell, our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure will become increasingly complex, and operating it will become more challenging. Failure to successfully address such challenges in a cost-effective and timely manner could impair our ability to timely deliver our customers purchases and could materially and adversely affect our reputation and ultimately, our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We anticipate the need to add additional fulfillment and logistics capacity as our business continues to grow. We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable facilities on commercially acceptable terms in accordance with our expansion plans. If we are unable to secure new facilities for the expansion of our fulfillment operations or effectively control expansion-related expenses, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If we grow faster than we anticipate, we may exceed our fulfillment and logistics capacity, we may experience problems fulfilling or delivering orders in a timely manner, or our customers may experience delays in receiving their purchases, which could harm our reputation and our relationship with our customers, and we may need to increase our capital expenditures more than anticipated and in a shorter time frame than we currently anticipate, which could represent a demand on, or drain of, our financial resources and require additional capital. See the risk factor titled We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. below. 
 Our ability to expand our fulfillment and logistics capacity is dependent upon our ability to secure suitable facilities and recruit and retain qualified employees, Coupang Flex partners (independent delivery partners who have signed up to deliver packages on days and times of their own choosing), Eats Delivery Partners or EDPs (independent food delivery partners), and other workers, and there is no assurance that we will be able to secure such facilities or procure such personnel. There have been and there may be future delays or increased costs associated with the spread and impact of ongoing or future pandemics or endemics, natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather conditions, and other catastrophic events. 
 Many of the expenses and investments with respect to our fulfillment and logistics capacity are fixed, and any expansion of such fulfillment and logistics infrastructure will require additional investment of capital. We expect to incur higher capital expenditures in the future for our fulfillment and logistics operations as our business continues to grow. We would incur such expenses and make such investments in advance of expected sales, and such expected sales may not occur. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and we may be unsuccessful in competing against current and future competitors, which could have a negative impact on the success of our business. 
 The industry in which we operate is intensely competitive and we expect that competition will continue to increase. We currently and potentially compete with a wide variety of online and offline companies providing goods and services to customers and merchants, including traditional retailers and merchandisers, such as department stores, discount warehouses, direct retailers, and home-shopping channels. The Internet and mobile networks provide new, rapidly evolving, and intensely competitive channels for the sale of all types of goods and services. We compete in two-sided markets and must attract both customers as well as merchants to use our apps and websites. Customers who purchase goods and services through us have many alternatives, and merchants have other channels to reach customers. We expect competition to continue to intensify. Online and offline businesses compete with each other, and our competitors include a number of online and offline retailers with greater resources, large user communities, and well-established brands. As we respond to changes in the competitive environment, we may, from time to time, make pricing, service, or marketing decisions or acquisitions that may lead to dissatisfaction among customers and merchants, which could reduce activity on our apps or websites and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 12 

Table of Contents 

We face increased competitive pressure online and offline. In particular, the competitive norm for, and the expected level of service from, retailers (including e-commerce retailers) and marketplaces has increased due to, among other factors, improved customer experience, greater ease of buying goods, lower (or no) shipping costs, faster shipping times, and more favorable return policies. In addition, certain online and offline businesses may offer goods and services to consumers and merchants that we do not offer. If we are unable to change our offerings in ways that reflect the changing demands of offline and online retailers and marketplaces, particularly at expected service levels, or compete effectively with and adapt to changes in larger retail businesses, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 Competitors may also be able to devote more resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, and devote more resources to offline shopping venues, websites, mobile applications, and systems development than we can. In addition, competitors may be able to innovate faster and more efficiently, and new technologies may increase the competitive pressures by enabling competitors to offer more efficient or lower-cost services. 
 Some of our competitors control other products and services that are important to our success, including credit card interchange, Internet search, and mobile operating systems. Such competitors could utilize complementary aspects of their businesses in order to provide a better shopping experience or make it difficult for customers to utilize our apps or websites, or change pricing, availability, or the terms or operation of service related to their products and services in a manner that impacts our competitive offerings. If we are unable to use or adapt to operational changes in such services, we may face higher costs for such services, encounter integration or technological barriers, or lose customers, which could cause our business, financial condition, and results of operations to be materially and adversely affected. 
 In addition, certain manufacturers may limit or cease distribution of their products through online channels, such as our apps or websites. Manufacturers may attempt to use contractual obligations or existing or future government regulation to prohibit or limit e-commerce in certain categories of goods or services. Manufacturers may also attempt to enforce minimum resale price maintenance or minimum advertised price arrangements to prevent distributors and suppliers from selling on our apps, websites, or on the Internet generally, or drive distributors and suppliers to sell at prices that would make us less competitive. The adoption by manufacturers of policies, or their use of laws or regulations, in each case discouraging or restricting the sales of goods or services over the Internet, could force merchants to limit or stop selling certain products on our apps or websites, which could adversely affect our results of operations and result in loss of market share and diminished value of our brand. 
 Many of our competitors have, and potential competitors may have, competitive advantages such as longer operating histories, more experience in implementing their business plan and strategy, better brand recognition, popular offline locations, greater negotiating leverage, established supply relationships, significantly greater financial, marketing, and other resources. Our competitors may undertake aggressive marketing campaigns to enhance their brand name and increase the volume of business conducted through their stores or websites and make extensive investments to improve their stores or network and system infrastructure, including website design and logistics network enhancements. Our inability to adequately address these and other competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are dependent on the performance of certain members of management and other highly qualified and skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain, and motivate these and other well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers, other key management team members, and key employees. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team or other key employees resulting from the hiring or departure of these personnel. Any of our executive officers or other key employees could terminate their employment with us at any time, and we cannot be assured of having reasonable prior notice. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees or the failure by our executive team, including any new hires that we may make, to work together effectively and to execute our strategy in a timely manner, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We continue to hire additional qualified employees to support our business operations and planned expansion. Our future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to recruit, train, integrate, motivate, and retain qualified personnel. Since our industry is characterized by high demand and intense worldwide competition for talent and labor, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract or retain qualified staff or other highly skilled employees that we will need to achieve our strategic objectives. Accordingly, such efforts will require significant time, expense, and attention, and new hires require significant training and time before they achieve full productivity. In addition to hiring new employees, we must continue to focus on developing, motivating, and retaining our best employees, many of whom are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. Further, even if qualified new employees are hired and achieve individual effectiveness, we may be materially and adversely affected by undue turnover in our employees. 
 If we fail to identify, recruit, and integrate strategic personnel hires, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Any loss of members of our senior management team or key personnel could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives and could materially harm our business and customer relationships. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees, and we may never realize 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 13 

Table of Contents 

returns on these investments. In addition, prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, experiences significant volatility, or increases such that prospective employees believe there is limited upside to the value of our equity awards, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain key employees. If we are not able to retain and motivate our current personnel or effectively add and retain employees, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our culture has been critical to our success and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed. 
 We believe that our culture, where the customer is at the beginning and the end in each decision we make, has been critical to our success. We may face a number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate culture, including a potential failure to attract and retain employees who embrace and further our culture, any expansion into additional markets, competitive pressures that may divert us from our vision and values, and the integration of new personnel and businesses from acquisitions. If we are not able to maintain our culture as we continue to grow, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Health epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business. 
 Our business and operations could be adversely affected by health epidemics, impacting the markets and communities in which we and our customers, suppliers, merchants, and advertisers operate. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause significant disruption to business and financial markets worldwide and has impacted global macroeconomic conditions. There is no guarantee that a future outbreak of this or any other widespread epidemics or pandemics will not occur, or that global economies will recover, all of which could harm our business. 
 We have experienced and may continue to experience uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to the duration and intensity of the COVID-19 pandemic. Supply chain disruptions including those of our vendors and suppliers; constraints in logistics and fulfillment related labor costs including costs to attract and retain employees; modification of our operations, adjustments to our services and technology and other responses to the pandemic have made it challenging to reasonably determine the direct impact the pandemic has had, or may have in the future, on our business and results of operations. 
 Other factors and uncertainties relating to health epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic include, but are not limited to: 
 the severity and duration of the pandemic, including future mutations or related variants of the virus in areas in which we operate; 
 evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, inflation and recessionary pressures; 
 changes in labor markets affecting us and our suppliers; 
 unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resources to the pandemic response; 
 the impact of governmental restrictions; 
 the pace of recovery as the pandemic subsides; 
 the long-term impact of the pandemic on our business, including consumer behaviors; and 
 disruption and volatility within the financial and credit markets. 
 There is no guarantee that a future outbreak of this or any other widespread epidemics or pandemics will not occur, or that global economies will recover, all of which could harm our business. 
 Our expansion into new geographic markets and offerings and substantial increase in the number of our offerings may expose us to new and increased challenges and risks. 
 In recent years, we have expanded our offerings, including in consumer electronics, food and grocery, financial services, private-label brands, apparel, streaming content, travel, and export and import offerings, as well as expanded our reach into new geographic markets. Such expansion involves new risks and challenges and may require significant investments. Our lack of familiarity with new markets and new products and services and lack of relevant customer data relating to these new markets or offerings may make it more difficult for us to anticipate customer demand and preferences. We may misjudge customer demand and the potential profitability of a new market, product, or service. We may find it more difficult to inspect and control quality and ensure proper handling, storage, and delivery of new products. We may experience higher return rates on new products, customer complaints about new products and services, and costly liability claims as a result of selling such products and services, any of 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 14 

Table of Contents 

which would harm our brand and reputation as well as our results of operations. We may need to price aggressively to gain market share or remain competitive in new categories. It may be difficult for us to achieve profitability in the new product or service categories and our profit margin, if any, may be lower than we anticipate, which would materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to recoup our investments in introducing any new product and service categories. 
 Any harm to our brand or reputation may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We believe that the recognition and reputation of our brand among our customers, merchants, suppliers, and our workforce has contributed to the growth and success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the recognition and reputation of our brand is critical to our business and competitiveness. Heightened regulatory and public concerns over operation of our business, including but not limited to those related to any ongoing or potential labor and employment disputes, consumer protection and consumer safety issues, and cybersecurity and data security incidents, may subject us to additional legal and reputational risks and increased scrutiny. Further, heightened public attention regarding worker safety and occupational health may subject us to regulatory and media scrutiny. In addition, changes in our services or policies have resulted, and could result, in objections by members of the public, customers, suppliers, merchants and various other groups. From time to time, these objections or allegations, regardless of their veracity, may result in customer dissatisfaction, which could result in government inquiries or substantial harm to our brand, reputation, and prospects. 
 A public perception that non-authentic, counterfeit, or defective goods are sold on our apps and websites or that we or our merchants do not provide satisfactory customer service, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents, could damage our reputation, diminish the value of our brand, undermine the trust and credibility we have established, and have a negative impact on our ability to attract new customers or retain our current customers. If we are unable to maintain our reputation, enhance our brand recognition, or increase positive awareness of our apps, websites, products, and services, as well as products sold by merchants through our online marketplace, it may be difficult to maintain and grow our customer base, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We are subject to risks associated with sourcing and manufacturing goods from countries outside of Korea. 
 A portion of our sales are dependent on our ability to import finished goods from other countries into Korea. Substantially all of our import operations are subject to customs requirements. The countries from which some of our products are manufactured or exported, or into which our products are imported, may from time to time impose quotas, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions on imports (including restrictions on manufacturing operations) or adversely modify existing restrictions. Changes in Korea, China, the United States, and other foreign government policies regarding international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements, may negatively impact our business. Imports are also subject to unpredictable foreign currency variation which may increase our cost of sales. Adverse changes in these import costs and restrictions, or failure by our suppliers to comply with customs regulations or similar laws, could harm our business. 
 Our operations are also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations, which may impose requirements that adversely affect our business, such as setting quotas on products that may be imported from a particular country. 
 Our ability to import products in a timely and cost-effective manner may also be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as port and shipping capacity, labor disputes, severe weather, or increased security requirements in Korea and other countries. These issues could delay importation of products or require us to locate alternative ports or transportation or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. These alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher costs, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If our ability to import goods from overseas is negatively impacted by domestic or international trade regulations (including any future customs requirements, tariffs, and quotas implemented in Korea), our ability to maintain a diverse selection of products for our customers and to be able to timely deliver products consistent with our customers expectations could be harmed, which could materially and adversely impact our future revenue and growth. 
 We operate in a rapidly changing industry and our business model is continuing to evolve, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. 
 The retail industry in which we operate is characterized by rapidly changing regulatory requirements and industry standards and shifting consumer demands. In addition, our business model continues to evolve and we are continuously evaluating our products and services. As a result of our evolving industry and business model, our future results are uncertain and subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth, expand our business in existing markets, and enter new markets. 
 In addition, we have experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods. You should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior period as an indication of our future performance. Many factors may lead to a decline in our growth rate, including increased 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 15 

Table of Contents 

competition, slowing demand, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, higher market penetration, and the maturation of our business, and others, including as discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. If we fail to continue to grow, our business could be materially and adversely affected and the price per share of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies that operate in evolving industries subject to increasing regulation. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to continue to innovate or if we fail to adapt to changes in our industry, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology, new mobile applications and protocols, new products and services, new media and entertainment content, including user-generated content, and changing consumer demands and trends. Furthermore, our competitors are continuously developing innovations in personalized search and recommendation, online and offline shopping and marketing, communications, social networking, entertainment, logistics, and other services to enhance the customer experience. Our financial performance depends on our ability to identify, originate, and define retail trends, as well as to anticipate, gauge, and react to changing customer preferences in a timely manner, including seasonal trends in customer spending. 
 As a result, we continue to invest significant resources in our technology, infrastructure, research and development, and other areas in order to enhance our business and operations, as well as to explore new growth strategies and geographies and introduce new high-quality products and services. If we offer new merchandise or services that are not accepted by our customers, we may make fewer sales and our revenue may fall short of expectations, our brand and reputation could be materially harmed, and we may incur expenses that are not offset by revenue. We may make substantial investments in such new categories and new markets in anticipation of future revenue. If the launch of a new category or a new geography requires greater investment than we expect, if we are unable to attract suppliers and merchants that produce sufficient high-quality, value-oriented merchandise and services, or if the revenue generated from sales of a new item of merchandise or service grows more slowly or produces lower gross profit than we expect, our results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. Expansion of our offerings may also strain our management and operational resources. We may also face greater competition in specific categories from e-commerce and traditional retailers that are more focused on such categories. It may be difficult to differentiate our offering from other competitors as we offer additional categories of merchandise and services, and our customers may have additional considerations in deciding whether or not to purchase these additional offerings. In addition, the relative profitability, if any, of new categories of merchandise or services may be lower than we have experienced historically, and we may not generate sufficient revenue from sales of these new items to recoup our investments in them. 
 Our investments in innovations and new technologies, which may be significant, may not increase our competitiveness or generate financial returns in the short term, or at all, and we may not be successful in adopting and implementing new technologies. Our investments and endeavors to develop new growth initiatives and technologies may be hindered by regulatory scrutiny and limitations. The changes and developments taking place in our industry may also require us to re-evaluate our business model and adopt significant changes to our long-term strategies and business plans. 
 Any failure to innovate and adapt to these changes and developments would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if we timely innovate and adopt changes in our strategies and plans, we may nevertheless fail to realize the intended benefits of these changes or even experience reduced revenue as a result. 
 If we fail to retain existing suppliers or merchants or to add new suppliers or merchants, or if our existing suppliers or merchants fail to supply high-quality and compliant merchandise in a timely manner, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 
 We depend on our ability to attract and retain merchants that offer high-quality merchandise and services to our customers at attractive prices and in a timely manner to attract new customers and to keep our existing customers engaged and purchasing from our apps and websites. Similarly, we also must attract and retain suppliers to supply merchandise to us for our owned-inventory selection. We must continue to attract and retain suppliers and merchants in order to increase revenue and achieve profitability. 
 We may experience supplier or merchant attrition in the ordinary course of business, which could lead to a decrease in the volume and/or selection of merchandise available to our customers, resulting in loss of customers to our competitors. Even if we identify new suppliers, we may not be able to purchase desired merchandise in sufficient quantities on terms acceptable to us, and merchandise from alternative sources may be of a lesser quality or more expensive than those from existing suppliers. Similarly, new merchants may not offer the same selection or value to our customers. In addition, we may have disputes with suppliers and merchants with respect to their compliance with our quality control or other policies and measures and the penalties imposed by us for violation of these policies or measures from time to time, which may cause them to cease doing business with us. Any complaints from merchants may in turn result in a negative impact on our brand and reputation. If we experience significant supplier or merchant attrition, or if we are unable to attract new suppliers or merchants, our revenue and results of operations may 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 16 

Table of Contents 

be materially and adversely affected. Our inability to purchase suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or to source new suppliers and merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Efforts to increase advertising revenue may impact our sales or results of operations. 
 Growth in our advertising revenue depends on our ability to continue to develop and offer effective tools for advertisers. New advertising formats that take up more space on our apps and websites may impact customer satisfaction, which could impact our sales. As the advertising market generates and develops new concepts and technology, we may incur additional costs to implement more effective products and tools. Continuing to develop and improve these products and tools may require significant time and resources and additional investment. Additionally, changes to our advertising policies and data privacy practices, as well as changes to other companies advertising and/or data privacy practices have in the past, and may in the future, affect the advertising that we are able to provide, which could harm our business. If we cannot continue to develop and improve our advertising products and tools in a timely fashion, or if our advertising products and tools are not well received by advertisers or customers, our revenue or sales could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Inventory risks may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are exposed to inventory risks that may materially and adversely affect our results of operations because of seasonality, new product launches, quick changes in product cycles and pricing, defective products, changes in customer demand and spending patterns, changes in customer tastes with respect to our products, spoilage, shrinkage, and other factors. We strive to predict these trends, as overstocking or understocking products we sell could lead to lower sales, missed opportunities, and excessive markdowns, each of which could have a material impact on our business and results of operations. Moreover, once we launch a new product, it may be difficult to determine appropriate product selection and accurately forecast demand, which could increase our inventory risk, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The seasonality of our business affects our quarterly results and places an increased strain on our operations. 
 We have historically experienced seasonal fluctuations in our sales, with higher sales volumes associated with Chuseok, Lunar New Year, and Christmas. Some of these holidays are on the lunar calendar, and thus the associated sales do not always fall in the same quarterly period. We expect to continue to experience seasonal trends in our business, making results of operations variable from quarter to quarter. This variability makes it difficult to predict sales and can result in significant fluctuations in our revenue between periods. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Any failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts or to develop sufficient fulfillment and logistics capacity to meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations. When we overstock products, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs and incur commitment costs, which could result in lower margins and higher labor costs as a percentage of sales, which would harm our financial performance. 
 We may also experience increases in our fulfillment and logistics costs due to promotions, split-shipments, changes to our fulfillment and logistics network, and other arrangements necessary to ensure timely delivery during times of high order volume. 
 If too many customers access our apps or websites within a short period of time due to increased demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our apps or websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we offer or sell and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and logistics network, including our independent delivery partners, and customer service centers during these peak periods, which may impact our ability to satisfy seasonal or peak demand. Risks related to our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure described above in the risk factor titled If we do not successfully operate and manage the expansion of our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially harmed. are magnified during the holiday seasons. 
 We may expand our operations and offerings into new geographic markets, which would present new challenges and which may prove unsuccessful and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We have recently expanded our operations into other Asia Pacific countries where we offer direct on-demand delivery for a limited selection of items. We may further expand our operations into new geographic markets, which would present new risks and challenges and which may prove unsuccessful and materially and adversely affect our business. Further expansion into additional markets would require significant management attention and resources and would require us to localize our offerings to conform to a wide variety of local cultures, business practices, laws, regulations, and policies. Such local cultures, business practices, laws, regulations, and policies in other countries may make it more difficult for us to replicate our business model and anticipate customer demand and preferences. We may be competing with local and international companies that understand the local market better than we do, and we may not benefit from first-to-market advantages. If we are not successful in expanding into particular international markets or in generating revenue from such international operations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify, pose integration challenges, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our products and services and grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may choose to do so through the acquisition of complementary businesses and technologies rather than through organic growth. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. Further, once we have completed an acquisition, we may not be able to successfully integrate the acquired business. We face additional risks in connection with acquisitions, including that: 
 an acquisition may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by stockholders and third parties, including intellectual property claims and disputes, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 
 we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the business, technologies, data security, products, personnel, accounting or operations of any company that we acquire, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us; 
 an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses, and distract our management; 
 an acquisition may result in a delay or reduction of customer purchases for both us and the company acquired due to customer uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of service from us or the acquired company; 
 we may encounter difficulties in selling or utilizing any acquired products or services, or we may be unable to do so successfully or at all; 
 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions would limit other potential uses for our cash; 
 if we incur debt to fund an acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business, or require us to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business; and 
 if we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease or losses per share may increase. 
 The occurrence of any of these foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on the continued growth of online commerce and the increased acceptance of online transactions by potential customers. 
 Online commerce is still developing in the markets in which we operate. Our future revenue depends substantially on our customers, suppliers, merchants, and advertisers accepting the Internet as a way to conduct commerce, to purchase goods and services, and to carry out financial transactions. For us to grow our customer base successfully, more customers, merchants, and suppliers must accept and adopt new ways of conducting business and exchanging information, including through mobile devices. Further, service interruptions in Internet access could prevent customers from accessing our apps or websites and placing orders, and frequent interruptions could discourage customers from using our apps or websites, which could cause us to lose customers and harm our results of operations. In addition, we have no control over the costs of the services provided by the telecommunications operators. For more, see the risk factor titled Our business depends on network and mobile infrastructure, third-party data center hosting facilities, other third-party providers, and our ability to maintain and scale our technology. Any significant interruptions or delays in service on our apps or websites or any undetected errors or design faults could result in limited capacity, reduced demand, processing delays, and loss of customers, suppliers, or merchants. 
 Acceptance and use of the Internet are critical to our growth and the occurrence of any one or more of the above challenges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If the mobile solutions available to our merchants and customers are not effective, the use of our apps, websites, and marketplaces could decline. 
 Purchases made on mobile devices by customers have increased significantly in recent years. Our suppliers and merchants are also increasingly using mobile devices to operate their businesses on our apps and websites. If we are unable to deliver a rewarding experience on mobile devices, our ability and the ability of our merchants to manage and scale our respective businesses may be harmed and, consequently, our business may suffer. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 18 

Table of Contents 

As new mobile devices and operating systems are released, we may encounter problems in developing or supporting applications for them. In addition, supporting new devices and mobile device operating systems may require substantial time and resources. 
 The success of our mobile applications could also be harmed by factors outside our control, such as: 
 actions taken by providers of mobile operating systems or mobile application download stores 
 unfavorable treatment received by our mobile applications, especially as compared to competing applications, such as the placement of our mobile applications in a mobile application download store 
 increased costs to distribute or use our mobile applications or 
 changes in mobile operating systems, such as iOS and Android, that degrade the functionality of our mobile websites or mobile applications or that give preferential treatment to competitive products. 
 If merchants and customers encounter difficulty accessing or using our apps or websites on their mobile devices, or if they choose not to use our apps or websites on their mobile devices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Failure to deal effectively with fraudulent activities on our apps or websites would increase our fraud losses and harm our business and could severely diminish merchant and customer confidence in and use of our services. 
 We face risks with respect to fraudulent activities on our apps or websites and periodically receive complaints from customers who assert they have not received the goods they purchased or that goods they received were fraudulent, from merchants who may not have received payment for goods that were purchased, or from manufacturers or others who assert that their intellectual property is being infringed. 
 Although we have implemented measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities, combat bad customer experiences, and increase customer satisfaction, including encouraging reporting of concerns, gating and monitoring higher-risk activities, evaluating merchants on the basis of their transaction history, and restricting or suspending some merchants, we cannot assure you that these measures will be effective in combating fraudulent transactions or improving overall satisfaction among merchants and customers. We will need to evolve to combat fraudulent activities as they develop. Any failure to so evolve could result in loss of customer trust. At the same time, the implementation of additional measures to address fraud could negatively affect the attractiveness of our offerings to customers and merchants, or create friction in our customers experience. 
 We rely on Coupang Pay to conduct a substantial amount of the payment processing across our business. If Coupang Pay s services were limited, restricted, curtailed, or degraded in any way, or become unavailable to us or our customers for any reason, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Coupang Pay, our digital financial services offering, provides our customers with convenient payment processing. These services are critical to our business. We rely on the convenience and ease of use that Coupang Pay provides to our customers and merchants. If the quality, utility, convenience, or attractiveness of Coupang Pay s services declines for any reason, the attractiveness of our offerings to customers and merchants could be harmed. 
 Coupang Pay is subject to a number of risks, if they were to materialize, that could materially and adversely affect its ability to provide payment processing services to us, including, but not limited to: 
 dissatisfaction with Coupang Pay s services or lower use of Coupang Pay by customers and merchants 
 increasing competition, including from other established companies, payment service providers, and companies engaged in other financial technology services 
 changes to rules or practices applicable to payment systems that link to Coupang Pay 
 breach of customers privacy and concerns over the use and security of information collected from customers and any related negative publicity or liability relating thereto 
 service outages, system failures, or failure to effectively scale the system to handle large and growing transaction volumes 
 increasing costs to Coupang Pay, including fees charged by banks to process transactions through Coupang Pay, which would also increase our cost of revenue 
 negative news about and social media coverage on Coupang Pay, its business, its service offerings, or matters relating to Coupang Pay s data security and privacy and 
 failure to manage customer funds accurately or loss of customer funds, whether due to employee fraud, security breaches, technical errors, or otherwise. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Coupang Pay s services are highly regulated. Coupang Pay is required to comply with numerous complex and evolving laws, rules, and regulations, particularly in the areas of online and mobile payment services. In addition, as Coupang Pay expands the type and reach of its services within Korea and into international markets, it will become subject to additional legal and regulatory risks and scrutiny. Any failure, or deemed failure, by Coupang Pay to comply with existing or new laws, regulations or orders of any governmental authority may subject us to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits; result in additional compliance and licensure requirements; cause us to lose existing licenses or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for our business; increase regulatory scrutiny of our business; divert management s time and attention from our business; restrict our operations; lead to increased friction for customers; force us to make changes to our business practices, products or operations; require us to engage in remediation activities; or delay planned transactions, product launches or improvements. Any of the foregoing could, individually or in the aggregate, harm our reputation, damage our brands and business, and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increases in food, energy, labor, and other costs could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Factors such as inflation, increased food costs, increased labor and employee benefit costs, increased rental costs, and increased energy costs may increase our operating costs and those of our suppliers and independent contractors. Many of the factors affecting suppliers and independent contractors are beyond the control of these parties. In many cases, these increased costs may cause suppliers and independent contractors to spend less time providing services to our customers or to seek alternative sources of income. Likewise, these increased costs may cause suppliers and independent contractors to pass costs on to us and our customers by increasing prices, which would likely cause order volume to decline, and may cause suppliers or independent contractors to cease operations altogether. 
 We rely on our merchants to provide a remarkable experience to our customers. 
 Our marketplace provides many small- and medium-sized businesses with access to customers across Korea. Aggregating their products in one convenient forum provides convenience to customers and an increased business opportunity to merchants. We have policies and procedures to protect both merchants and customers on our marketplace. However, we do not control the merchants, who are independent, third-party businesses. In most cases, the merchants provide fulfillment and arrange for third-party delivery of the orders placed by our customers. 
 A small portion of customers complain to us about their experience with our merchants. For example, customers may report that they have not received the items that they purchased, that the items received were not as represented by a merchant, or that a merchant has not been responsive to their questions or complaints. We have customer service resources to process such complaints, but we cannot guarantee that these resources have or will resolve all concerns. Similarly, we occasionally identify merchants who are unable to fulfill orders within a timeframe or in a manner consistent with customer expectations. 
 Negative publicity and sentiment generated as a result of these types of complaints or any associated enforcement action taken against merchants could reduce our ability to attract and retain our merchants and customers or damage our reputation. A perception that our levels of responsiveness and support for our merchants and customers are inadequate could have similar results. In some situations, we may choose to reimburse our customers for their purchases, but we may not be able to recover the funds we expend for those reimbursements. Although we focus on enhancing customer service, our efforts may be unsuccessful and our merchants and customers may be disappointed in their experience and not return. 
 Anything that prevents the timely processing of orders or delivery of goods to our customers could harm our merchants. Service interruptions and delivery delays may be caused by events that are beyond the control of our merchants, such as transportation disruptions, natural disasters, inclement weather, (including as a result of climate change), terrorism, public health crises, or political unrest. Additionally, disruptions in the operations of a substantial number of our merchants could also result in negative experiences for a substantial number of our customers, which could harm our reputation and brand. If our customers have a negative experience in the purchase of these products, whether due to quality or timing of delivery, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Changes to our customer satisfaction program could increase our expenses. 
 Our customer satisfaction program protects customers from fraudulent transactions, as well as if they do not receive the items ordered or if the items received are significantly different from their descriptions. The risk of loss from our customer satisfaction program is specific to individual customers and transactions, and may also be impacted by modifications to this program resulting from changes in regulatory requirements, or changes that we decide to implement, such as expanding the scope of transactions covered. Increases in our expenses, including as a result of changes to our customer satisfaction program, could negatively impact our business. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to payment-related risks, and if payment processors are unwilling or unable to provide us with payment processing services or impose onerous requirements on us in order to access their services, or if they increase the fees they charge us for these services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit and debit cards, money transfers, and Coupang Pay. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay bank interchange and other fees. These fees may increase over time, which would increase our operating costs and adversely affect our results of operations. We use third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit and debit cards. Our business may be disrupted for an extended period of time if any of these companies becomes unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and/or lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from customers or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business could be harmed. Moreover, although the payment gateways we use are contractually obligated to indemnify us with respect to liability arising from fraudulent payment transactions, if such fraudulent transactions are related to credit card transactions and become excessive, they could potentially result in our losing the right to accept credit cards for payment. If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on network and mobile infrastructure, third-party data center hosting facilities, other third-party providers, and our ability to maintain and scale our technology. Any significant interruptions or delays in service on our apps or websites or any undetected errors or design faults could result in limited capacity, reduced demand, processing delays, and loss of customers, suppliers, or merchants. 
 A key element of our strategy is to generate a high volume of traffic on, and use of, our apps and websites. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our customers are dependent upon the reliable performance of our apps and websites and the underlying network infrastructure. As our customer base and the amount of information shared on our apps and websites continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of network capacity and computing power. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on data centers and equipment and related network infrastructure to handle the traffic on our apps and websites. The operation of these systems is complex and could result in operational failures. In the event that the volume of traffic of our customers exceeds the capacity of our current network infrastructure or in the event that our customer base or the amount of traffic on our apps and websites grows more quickly than anticipated, we may be required to incur significant additional costs to enhance the underlying network infrastructure. Interruptions or delays in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, undetected errors, design faults, or other unexpected events or causes, could affect the security or availability of our apps and websites and prevent our customers from accessing our apps and websites. If sustained or repeated, these performance issues could reduce the attractiveness of our products and services. In addition, the costs and complexities involved in expanding and upgrading our systems may prevent us from doing so in a timely manner and may prevent us from adequately meeting the demand placed on our systems. Any interruption or inadequacy that causes performance issues or interruptions in the availability of our apps or websites could reduce customer satisfaction and result in a reduction in the number of customers purchasing our products and services. 
 We depend on the development and maintenance of the Internet and mobile infrastructure. This includes maintenance of reliable Internet and mobile infrastructure with the necessary speed, data capacity, and security, as well as timely development of complementary products, for providing reliable Internet and mobile access. We also use and rely on services from other third parties, such as our telecommunications services and credit card processors, and those services may be subject to outages and interruptions that are not within our control. Failures by our telecommunications providers may interrupt our ability to provide phone support to our customers and distributed denial-of-service attacks directed at our telecommunication service providers could prevent customers from accessing our apps or websites. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future experience down periods where our third-party credit card processors are unable to process the online payments of our customers, disrupting our ability to receive customer orders. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected if for any reason the reliability of our Internet, telecommunications, payment systems, and mobile infrastructure is compromised. 
 We offer our products through our apps and websites using the data centers of Amazon Web Services ("AWS"), a provider of cloud infrastructure services. We rely on the Internet to communicate with our customers and merchants and, accordingly, depend on the continuous, reliable, and secure operation of Internet servers, related hardware and software, and network infrastructure. Our operations depend on protecting the virtual cloud infrastructure hosted in AWS and its configuration, architecture, and interconnection specifications, as well as the information stored in these virtual data centers and which third-party Internet service providers transmit. Furthermore, we have no physical access or control over the services provided by AWS and we cannot quickly or easily switch our operations to another third-party cloud infrastructure service provider. A prolonged AWS service disruption affecting our apps or websites could damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose customers, or otherwise harm our business. We may also incur significant costs in connection with switching to or using alternative cloud services or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that impact our ability to use AWS services. Damage or interruptions to these data centers could harm our business. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could damage our reputation and may adversely impact use of our apps and websites. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 21 

Table of Contents 

AWS enables us to access and use its service offerings in varying amounts and sizes, and across multiple regions. AWS provides us with cloud infrastructure services pursuant to an agreement that continues until terminated by either party. AWS may terminate the agreement for any reason by providing us with at least two years notice. AWS may also terminate the agreement for cause upon 30 days notice, which, in certain instances, is subject to our right to issue an escalation notice, if (i) we are in material breach of the agreement and the material breach remains uncured for a period of 30 days from receipt of notice of such breach, (ii) our use of the service offerings under the agreement (a) poses a security risk to the AWS service offerings or any third party, (b) risks adversely impacting AWS systems, the AWS service offerings, or the systems or content of any other AWS customer, or (c) risks subjecting AWS or its affiliates to liability, and in each case, such acts or omissions that are curable are not cured within such 30 day period, (iii) we or our end users are not in compliance with the AWS acceptable use policy or the licensing terms and restrictions set out in the agreement, and such acts or omissions that are curable are not cured within such 30 day period, (iv) we fail to resolve a dispute involving payment of fees, and the disputed amount is not paid within a defined escalation period, except that AWS must first use commercially reasonable efforts to complete a dispute resolution process before terminating the agreement under such provision, and (v) in order to comply with applicable law or binding orders of governmental entities. AWS may also discontinue a service offering that it makes generally available to its customers by providing us with at least 12 months prior notice, except that AWS is not obligated to provide such notice if the discontinuation is necessary to address an emergency or threat to the security or integrity of AWS, respond to claims, litigation, or loss of license rights related to third-party intellectual property rights, or to comply with law or the requests of a government entity. AWS agrees that it will not make any such discontinuation in a manner that applies only to us, and not to the other AWS customers generally or to a subset of AWS customers. Termination or suspension of the AWS agreement or the underlying service offerings may harm our ability to access data centers we need to host our apps and websites or to do so on similar terms as those we have with AWS. 
 We also rely on e-mail service providers, bandwidth providers, Internet service providers, and mobile networks to deliver e-mail and push communications to customers and to allow customers to access our apps and websites. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems or the systems of our third-party data centers or our other third-party providers could result in interruptions to the availability or functionality of our apps and websites. As a result, we could lose customer data and miss order fulfillment deadlines, which could result in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, excess inventory, and product shortages. If for any reason our arrangements with our data centers or third-party providers are terminated or interrupted, such termination or interruption could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. We could experience additional expense in arranging for new facilities, technology, services, and support. In addition, the failure of our third-party data centers or any other third-party providers to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruption in the availability or functionality of our apps and websites. 
 The satisfactory performance, reliability, and availability of our apps, websites, transaction processing systems, and technology infrastructure are critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain customers, as well as to maintain adequate customer service levels. Our revenue depends on the number of customers who shop on our apps and websites and the volume of orders that we can handle. Unavailability of our apps or websites or reduced order fulfillment performance would reduce the volume of goods sold and could also materially and adversely affect customer perception of our brand. Any slowdown or failure of our apps, websites, or the underlying technology infrastructure could harm our business, reputation, and ability to attract, retain, and serve our customers. 
 The occurrence of a natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, data loss, computer virus, an act of terrorism, cyberattack, vandalism or sabotage, act of war or any similar event, or a decision to close our third-party data centers on which we normally operate or the facilities of any other third-party provider without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our apps and websites. If a natural or man-made disaster, pandemic, blackout, or other unforeseen event were to occur that disrupted the ability to obtain an Internet connection, we may experience a slowdown or delay in our operations. 
 In addition, certain of our hardware, including data servers, are located at an offsite data center, and certain other equipment is located within our headquarters. Such infrastructure systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption as a result of war, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, human error, and other similar events. While we have some limited disaster recovery arrangements in place, our preparations may not be adequate to account for disasters or similar events that may occur in the future and may not effectively permit us to continue operating in the event of any problems with respect to our systems or those of our third-party data centers or any other third-party facilities. Our disaster recovery and data redundancy plans may be inadequate, and our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses that could occur. If any such event were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Our business could be disrupted by catastrophic occurrences and similar events. 
 Our business and the infrastructure on which our business relies is vulnerable to damage or interruption from catastrophic occurrences, such as earthquakes, floods, fires, extreme weather events (whether as a result of climate change or otherwise), power loss, telecommunication failures, criminal acts, sabotage, other intentional acts of violence, vandalism and misconduct, war, civil unrest, terrorist attacks, geopolitical events, including those related to hostilities between North Korea and Korea, disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and similar events. For example, in June 2021, there was a fire at our Deokpyeong fulfillment center which caused extensive damage to our fulfillment center and delayed delivery. Our Korean corporate offices and certain of the data centers in which we operate are located in regions known for seismic activity. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural or man-made disaster or other unanticipated problems at our facilities or the facilities of our cloud providers could result in disruptions, outages, and other performance and quality problems. Moreover, the frequency and intensity of weather events related to climate change are increasing, which could increase the likelihood and severity of such disasters as well as related damage and business interruption. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster and to execute successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business would be seriously harmed. 
 We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity and debt financings and revenue generated from our business. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support the development of our various apps and websites and expansion of our commercial offerings, and will require additional funds for such development and expansion. We may need additional funding for marketing expenses and to develop and expand sales resources, develop new features or enhance our marketplace or other offerings, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we might need or may want to engage in future equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, our ability to develop our apps and websites, support our business growth and respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 The terms of any additional debt we may incur in the future could restrict our ability to effectively conduct our operations. Furthermore, if we raise capital through the issuance of additional equity securities, the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our Class A common stock. Because our decision to raise additional capital will depend on numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future debt or equity financings, or terms on which any such financings may be completed. 
 Restrictions in our credit agreements could materially and adversely affect our operating flexibility. 
 We are party to a senior unsecured revolving credit facility as well as various other credit agreements. Our credit agreements may limit our ability to, among other things: 
 incur or guarantee additional debt; 
 make certain investments and acquisitions; 
 make certain restricted payments and prepayments of certain indebtedness; 
 incur certain liens or permit them to exist; and 
 make fundamental changes and dispositions (including dispositions of equity interests of any subsidiary guarantors). 
 Our revolving credit facility also contains covenants requiring us to maintain certain financial ratios. The provisions of our revolving credit facility may affect our ability to obtain future financing and to pursue attractive business opportunities and our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in business conditions. As a result, restrictions in our revolving credit facility could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with the provisions of our revolving credit facility could result in a default or an event of default that could enable our lenders to declare the outstanding principal of that debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable. If the payment of outstanding amounts under our revolving credit facility is accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay such amounts in full, and our common stockholders could experience a partial or total loss of their investment. Please see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 23 

Table of Contents 

We have remediated the material weaknesses previously reported in our internal control over financial reporting, but if we fail to properly manage our internal control over financial reporting on a go forward basis, future material weaknesses could be identified that could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements. 
 We have remediated the material weaknesses that we previously identified for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 by implementing and enhancing our control procedures. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In order to properly manage our internal control over financial reporting, we may need to take additional measures, including system migration and automation, and we cannot be certain that the measures we have taken, and expect to take, to improve our internal controls will be sufficient to ensure that our internal controls will remain effective and eliminate the possibility that other material weakness or deficiencies may develop or be identified in the future. Implementing any changes to our internal controls may distract our officers and employees and require expenditures to implement new process or modify our existing processes. If we experience future material weaknesses or deficiencies in internal controls and we are unable to correct them in a timely manner, our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information accurately and within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, will be adversely affected. Any such failure could result in investors losing confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to litigation or investigations by the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), the SEC, Korean authorities, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources and materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 As a public reporting company, we are subject to rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the NYSE regarding our internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete needed improvements to our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the price per share of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 We are a public reporting company subject to the rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the NYSE. These rules and regulations will require, among other things, that we establish and periodically evaluate procedures with respect to our internal control over financial reporting. Reporting obligations as a public company are likely to place a considerable strain on our financial and management systems, processes, and controls, as well as on our personnel. In addition, as a public company we are required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can certify as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Likewise, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal control or if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot deliver a report attesting to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if we identify or fail to remediate any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public confidence, which could seriously harm our reputation, and the price per share of our Class A common stock could decline. Further, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes, and controls, we may not be able to manage our business effectively or accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, our business could be adversely affected and the price per share of our Class A common stock price could decline. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of Exchange Act, the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We have invested and will continue to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 24 

Table of Contents 

In addition to changes in the legal landscape, we intend to continue innovating in our existing business and expand into new business opportunities. These new business opportunities could present new and unfamiliar legal risks. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
 As a result of the disclosure obligations required of a public company, our business and financial condition are more visible, which may result in an increased risk of threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, would divert the resources of our management and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, as a public company, we may be subject to heightened governmental scrutiny or actions or proceedings brought by governmental regulators, which may exacerbate some or all of the foregoing risks. 
 
 Risks Related to Labor and Employment 
 If we are unable to recruit, train, and retain qualified personnel or sufficient workforce while controlling our labor costs, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to recruit, train, and retain qualified personnel, particularly technical, fulfillment, marketing, infrastructure, customer service center, and other back office functions and operational personnel. Since our industry is characterized by high demand and intense competition for talent and labor, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain qualified staff or other highly skilled employees that we will need to achieve our strategic objectives. 
 Our fulfillment infrastructure requires a substantial number of workers, and these positions tend to have higher than average turnover. During certain periods of the pandemic, we observed an emerging trend of shortage of labor supply for our workforce, which, if the trend continues, will increase our labor costs and could make it difficult to hire and deploy a sufficient number of people to operate our fulfillment network as efficiently as we would like. Failure to hire and retain capable fulfillment, delivery personnel, and other labor support may lead to underperformance of these functions and cause disruption to our business. Labor costs in Korea have increased in connection with heightened scrutiny of workplace conditions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, to maintain and enhance our competitiveness, we may from time to time need to adjust certain elements of our operations in response to evolving economic conditions, political climate, and business needs. These adjustments, however, may not be sufficient to allow us to address the various challenges we face or improve our results of operations and financial performance as expected. 
 Any failure to address these fulfillment infrastructure risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our financial conditions and results of operations. 
 We are subject to fair trade, labor, employment, and workplace health and safety laws and regulations in Korea and other jurisdictions, which continue to evolve and have and will continue to affect some of our operations and our financial performance. 
 We have a workforce consisting of thousands of employees and independent contractors. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to labor and employment, including requirements on how we recruit, hire, employ, manage, train, discipline, and separate employees and independent contractors in all jurisdictions where we do business, including Korea. 
 We have been and will continue to be subject to inspections, investigations, disputes, and litigation relating to these labor and employment laws and regulations. 
 Additional laws and regulations affecting our operations may be adopted in the future. The impact of any new laws or regulations or our failure to comply with these laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Union activities could affect our business. 
 The Constitution of the Republic of Korea provides workers with rights to collective bargaining and collective action. Currently, some of our workforce are members of labor unions, with which we are currently negotiating collective bargaining agreements. Unionization of more of our employees or any of our independent delivery partners may occur and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Our business could be adversely affected from an accident, health and safety incident, or workforce disruption. 
 Our fulfillment and logistics processes and related activities, as well as our last mile delivery logistics activities are subject to significant regulation. For example, Korean laws and regulations specify very broad and technical safety and health obligations on the employer and service recipient company. Breach of such obligations could result in penalties, such as criminal sanctions, administrative fines, and corrective measure orders. The Korean Ministry of Employment and Labor may also order work suspension or use suspension of machinery/equipment if it identifies harmful or dangerous conditions in the workplaces. A breach of the above obligations by the employer or the service recipient company may result in potential civil liability. If we are unable to timely adapt to changing norms and requirements around maintaining a safe workplace, it could cause employee illness, accidents, or worker discontent. 
 While we maintain liability insurance in amounts and of the type generally consistent with industry practice, the amount of such coverage may not be adequate to cover fully all claims, and we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an accident or safety incident resulting from our fulfillment or last mile delivery activities. For example, in June 2021, there was a fire at our Deokpyeong fulfillment center which caused extensive damage to our property and inventories and resulted in a material write-off for 2021. In addition, our business was negatively impacted by, but not limited to, delay in delivery, response to investigations in relation to the fire, and compensation for damages caused. Further, negative publicity related to workforce safety could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Doing Business in Korea 
 There are special risks involved with investing in Korean companies, including the possibility of restrictions being imposed by the Korean government in emergency circumstances, accounting and corporate disclosure standards that differ from those in other jurisdictions, and the risk of direct or vicarious criminal liability for executive officers of our Korean affiliates. 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Coupang Corp., is a Korean company, and Coupang Corp. and its Korean affiliates operate in a business and cultural environment that is different from that of other countries. For example, under the Foreign Exchange Transaction Act of Korea, if the Korean government determines that in certain emergency circumstances, including sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, extreme difficulty in stabilizing the balance of payments or substantial disturbance in the Korean financial and capital markets are likely to occur, it may impose any necessary restriction such as requiring Korean or foreign investors to obtain prior approval from the Minister of Economy and Finance of Korea prior to entering into a capital markets transaction, repatriating interest, dividends or sales proceeds arising from Korean securities or from the disposition of such securities or other transactions involving foreign exchange. Although investors hold shares of our Class A common stock, Coupang Corp. may experience adverse risks and in turn could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations and could lead to a decline in the price per share of our Class A common stock. 
 We also have significant subsidiaries in Korea that have statutory financial statement filing requirements. They are subject to disclosure requirements by the Korean regulators, which will involve periodical public filings of financial information under local accounting standards. These local accounting standards may differ from those of U.S. GAAP. 
 In addition, under Korean law, there are circumstances in which certain executive officers of a company may be investigated or held criminally liable either directly or vicariously for the actions of the company and its executives and employees. For example, complaints alleging infringement of intellectual property rights, breaches of certain Korean laws (e.g., labor standards laws and fair trade laws), and product-related claims may be investigated and prosecuted as criminal offenses with both the company and the company s executive officers being named as defendants in such proceedings. These risks change over time. 
 As a result of these current and changing risks, our Korean affiliates executive officers have in the past been named, and may be named in the future, in criminal investigations or proceedings stemming from our operations. In Korea, company executive officers being named in such investigations or proceedings is a common occurrence, even though in practice many such cases result in no liability to the individual. If our executive officers were to be named in such criminal proceedings or held either directly or vicariously criminally liable for the actions of the company and its executives and employees, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Coupang Corp. s transactions with its subsidiaries and affiliates may be restricted under Korean fair trade regulations. 
 Coupang Corp. enters into business relationships and transactions with its subsidiaries and affiliates, which are subject to scrutiny by the Korean Fair Trade Commission (the KFTC as to, among other things, whether such relationships and transactions constitute undue financial support among companies in the same business group. If, in the future, the KFTC determines that Coupang Corp. has engaged in transactions that violate the fair trade laws and regulations, it may be subject to an administrative and/or criminal fine, surcharge or other actions, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Our Korean subsidiary, Coupang Corp., and a group of companies affiliated with it have been designated an affiliated group under Korean law, which would require that group of companies to make certain disclosures and implement additional corporate governance requirements. 
 Our Korean subsidiary, Coupang Corp., and a group of companies affiliated with it have been designated as a business group subject to disclosure under the Korean Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act. This designation - which is reviewed and may be re-designated under the Korean Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act by the KFTC on an annual basis imposes additional corporate governance and public disclosure requirements on the subsidiary entities (which could also be applied to individual executives). These requirements will also create additional costs of compliance and subject the group of affiliated companies to greater regulatory scrutiny and risk of penalties for any failure to comply with the additional obligations imposed. 
 Coupang Corp. is subject to certain requirements and restrictions under Korean law that may, in certain circumstances, require it to act in a manner that may not be in our or our stockholders best interest. 
 Under applicable Korean law, directors of a Korean company, such as Coupang Corp., owe a fiduciary duty to the company itself rather than to its stockholders. This fiduciary duty obligates directors of a Korean company to perform their duties faithfully for the good of the company as a whole. As a result, if circumstances arise in which the good of Coupang Corp., conflicts with the good of Coupang, Inc. or our stockholders, Coupang Corp. may not be permitted under applicable Korean law to act in a manner that is in the best interest of Coupang, Inc., as its parent, or our stockholders. For example, providing guarantees or collateral by Coupang Corp. in favor of Coupang, Inc., as its parent, without a justifiable cause and on other than arm s length terms may cause breach of a fiduciary duty of directors to Coupang Corp. 
 Approval by the board of directors of a Korean company is required for, among other things, all transactions between a director or major stockholder (including a 10 or more stockholder) and the company for the director s or the major stockholder s account. As a result, intercompany transactions between us and Coupang Corp. (or any other Korean subsidiary we may own, from time to time), could arise in the future in which the directors of the Korean subsidiary are not able to act in ours or our stockholders best interest as a result of competing interests of the subsidiary. Since substantially all of our operations are conducted by Coupang Corp., any such occurrence with respect to Coupang Corp. could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Coupang Corp. s transactions with related parties are subject to close scrutiny by the Korean tax authorities, which may result in adverse tax consequences. 
 Under Korean tax law, there is an inherent risk that Coupang Corp. s transactions with its subsidiaries, affiliates or any other person or company that is related to us may be challenged by the Korean tax authorities if such transactions are viewed as having been made on terms that were not on an arm s-length basis. If the Korean tax authorities determine that any of its transactions with related parties were on other than arm s-length terms, it may not be permitted to deduct as expenses, or may be required to include as taxable income, any amount which is found to be undue financial support between related parties in such transaction, which may have adverse tax consequences for us and, in turn, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 A focus on regulating copyright and patent Infringement by the Korean government subjects us to extra scrutiny in our operations and could subject us to sanctions, fines, or other penalties, which could adversely affect our business and operations in Korea. 
 The Korean government has recently focused on addressing copyright and patent infringement in Korea, particularly with respect to luxury and brand name merchandise. Despite measures we have taken to address copyright and patent infringement, the Korean government may subject us to sanctions, fines, or other penalties, which could adversely affect our business and operations in Korea. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Our business may be adversely affected by developments that negatively impact the Korean economy and uncertainties in economic conditions that impact spending patterns of our customers in Korea. 
 We have historically generated a substantial majority of our revenue from sales in Korea. Our future performance will depend in large part on Korea s future economic growth. Adverse developments in Korea s economy as a result of various factors, including economic, political, legal, regulatory, and social conditions in Korea may have an adverse effect on customer spending, which may not allow us to achieve our desired revenue growth. The economic indicators in Korea in recent years have shown mixed signs of growth and uncertainty as the Korean economy is closely tied to, and is affected by developments in, the global economy. In recent years, adverse conditions and volatility in the worldwide financial markets, fluctuations in oil and commodity prices, inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates and the COVID-19 pandemic, have contributed to the uncertainty of global economic prospects in general and have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the Korean economy. Due to liquidity and credit concerns and volatility in the global financial markets, the value of the KRW relative to the USD and other foreign currencies and the stock prices of Korean companies have fluctuated significantly in recent years. Further declines in the Korea Composite Stock Price Index, large amounts of sales of Korean securities by foreign investors, and subsequent repatriation of the proceeds of such sales may adversely affect the value of the KRW, the foreign currency reserves held by financial institutions in Korea, and the ability of Korean companies to raise capital. Any future deterioration of the Korean economy or the global economy could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Potential developments that could have an adverse impact on Korea s economy include: 
 declines in customer confidence, decreases in consumer disposable income, a slowdown in customer spending and higher levels of unemployment; 
 adverse conditions or developments in the economies of countries and regions that are important export markets for Korea, such as China, the United States, Europe, and Japan, or in emerging market economies in Asia or elsewhere, including as a result of deteriorating economic and trade relations between the United States and China and increased uncertainties resulting from the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union; 
 adverse changes or volatility in foreign currency reserve levels, commodity prices (including oil prices), exchange rates (including fluctuation of the KRW, the USD, the euro or other exchange rates, or the revaluation of the Chinese Renminbi), interest rates, inflation rates, or stock markets; 
 increased sovereign default risk of select countries and the resulting adverse effects on the global financial markets; 
 investigations of large Korean business groups and their senior management for possible misconduct; 
 a continuing rise in the level of household debt and increasing delinquencies and credit defaults by retail and small- and medium-sized enterprise borrowers in Korea; 
 the continued emergence of the Chinese economy, to the extent its benefits (such as increased exports to China) are outweighed by its costs (such as competition in export markets or for foreign investment and the relocation of the manufacturing base from Korea to China), as well as a slowdown in the growth of China s economy, which is one of Korea s most important export markets; 
 the economic impact of any pending or future free trade agreements or of any changes to existing free trade agreements; 
 social or labor unrest; 
 substantial changes in the market prices of Korean real estate; 
 a decrease in tax revenue and a substantial increase in the Korean government s expenditures for fiscal stimulus measures, unemployment compensation, and other economic and social programs that, together, would lead to an increased government budget deficit; 
 financial problems or lack of progress in the restructuring of certain Korean conglomerates, certain other large troubled companies, or their suppliers; 
 loss of investor confidence arising from corporate accounting irregularities and corporate governance issues concerning certain Korean conglomerates; 
 increases in social expenditures to support an aging population in Korea or decreases in economic productivity due to the declining population size in Korea; 
 geopolitical uncertainty and risk of further attacks by terrorist groups around the world; 
 the occurrence of severe health epidemics in Korea or other parts of the world; 
 deterioration in economic or diplomatic relations between Korea and its trading partners or allies, including deterioration resulting from territorial or trade disputes or disagreements in foreign policy (such as the ongoing trade disputes with Japan); 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 28 

Table of Contents 

political uncertainty or increasing strife among or within political parties in Korea; 
 hostilities or political or social tensions involving oil producing countries in the Middle East and North Africa and any material disruption in the global supply of oil or increase in the price of oil; 
 an increase in the level of tensions or an outbreak of hostilities between North Korea and Korea or the United States; 
 political or social tensions involving Russia and any resulting adverse effects on the global supply of oil or the global financial markets; 
 natural or man-made disasters that have a significant adverse economic or other impact on Korea or its major trading partners; and 
 changes in financial regulations in Korea. 
 Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses to us. 
 The value of the KRW and other currencies against the USD has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. It is difficult to predict how market forces or Korean or U.S. government policy, including any interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve, may impact the exchange rate between the KRW and the USD in the future. 
 A substantial percentage of our revenue and costs are denominated in KRW and the Chinese Renminbi, and a significant portion of our financial assets are also denominated in KRW, while a substantial portion of our debt is denominated in USD. We are a holding company and we may receive dividends, loans and other distributions on equity paid by our operating subsidiaries in Korea. Any significant fluctuations in the value of the KRW may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and cash flows. For example, the depreciation of the KRW and other foreign currencies against the USD typically results in a material increase in the cost of fuel and equipment purchased from outside of Korea and the cost of servicing debt denominated in currencies other than the KRW. As a result, any significant depreciation of the KRW or other major foreign currencies against the USD may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If we decide to convert our KRW into USD for the purpose of repaying principal or interest expense on our outstanding USD-denominated debt, making payments for dividends on our Class A common stock, or other business purposes, depreciation of the KRW or other foreign currencies against the USD would have a negative effect on the USD amount we would receive. Conversely, to the extent that we need to convert USD into KRW for our operations, appreciation of the KRW against the USD would have an adverse effect on the KRW amount we would receive. 
 Tensions with North Korea could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the price per share of our Class A common stock. 
 Relations between Korea and North Korea have fluctuated over the years. Tension between Korea and North Korea may increase or change abruptly as a result of current and future events. In particular, there have been heightened security concerns in recent years stemming from North Korea s nuclear weapon and ballistic missile programs as well as its hostile military actions against Korea. 
 North Korea s economy also faces severe challenges, which may further aggravate social and political pressures within North Korea. Since April 2018, North Korea has held a series of bilateral summit meetings with Korea and the United States to discuss peace and denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. However, North Korea has since resumed its missile testing, heightening tensions, and the outlook of such discussions remains uncertain. 
 Further tensions in North Korean relations could develop due to a leadership crisis, breakdown in high-level inter-Korea contacts or military hostilities. Alternatively, tensions may be resolved through reconciliatory efforts, which may include peace talks, alleviation of sanctions or reunification. We cannot assure you that future negotiations will result in a final agreement on North Korea s nuclear program, including critical details such as implementation and timing, or that the level of tensions between Korea and North Korea will not escalate. Any increase in the level of tension between Korea and North Korea, an outbreak in military hostilities or other actions or occurrences, could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations and could lead to a decline in the price per share of our Class A common stock. 
 New legislative proposals may expose our business to additional risks from litigation, regulation, and government investigations. 
 We are subject to changing laws and regulations everywhere we do business, including in Korea. For example, the KFTC is increasingly focused on regulating various new industries including online platform companies. The KFTC takes the position these regulations could apply to the Company. Any additional regulations on e-commerce companies which may apply to us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 
 Additional enacted or proposed regulations include numerous consumer related provisions in the online shopping industry, as well as environmental or climate related legislation that could impact the use of diesel trucks for transportation. Implementation of any of these regulations could have an adverse effect on our business 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Finally, the Act on Punishment for Serious Accidents, etc. (the Serious Accidents Act became effective in, 2022. The Serious Accidents Act imposes enhanced liability (including criminal liability) on businesses, managers, and individuals who are responsible for causing loss of life by failing to fulfill duties relating to workplace safety and health or risk prevention. The Serious Accidents Act provides the potential for criminal punishment, public disclosure of punishment, and monetary damages, including punitive damages up to five times the actual damages suffered. The Serious Accidents Act extends potential liability to a wider group of persons than under pre-existing law, including those who oversee safety and health matters for the business concerned and also general managers of the business. 
 These are just some examples of how our business could be affected by changing regulations. If these proposals are enacted and implemented, our Korean subsidiary, Coupang Corp. (and its Korean subsidiaries), could face substantial costs and management could be required to spend significant time and attention on these matters, which would divert our focus from our core business. This could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 As Coupang Corp. is incorporated in Korea, it may be more difficult to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside Korea. 
 Coupang Corp. is incorporated in Korea, most of its directors and executive officers reside in Korea, and a substantial majority of its assets and the personal assets of its directors and executive officers are located in Korea. As a result, it may be more difficult for investors to effect service of process in the United States upon it or its directors or executive officers or to enforce against it or its directors or executive officers judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon civil liability provisions of the federal or state securities laws of the United States or similar judgments obtained in other courts outside Korea. There is doubt as to the enforceability in Korean courts, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts, of civil liabilities predicated solely upon the federal and state securities laws of the United States. 

Risks Related to Laws, Regulation, and Intellectual Property 
 The nature of our food delivery services, including Coupang Eats and Rocket Fresh, could subject us to potential liability for foodborne illnesses experienced by our customers. 
 Our Coupang Eats service delivers food prepared by independent restaurants and our Rocket Fresh service delivers fresh food to customers. The business of delivering ready-to-eat and fresh food presents risks related to food freshness, cleanliness, and quality. Whether or not they are true, reports of food-borne illnesses could adversely impact our reputation and results of operations, regardless of whether our customers actually suffer such illnesses. Food-borne illnesses and other food safety issues have occurred in the global food industry in the past and could occur in the future. In addition, customer preferences could be affected by health concerns about the consumption of food provided on Coupang Eats and Rocket Fresh, even if those concerns do not directly relate to food items available on our Coupang Eats and Rocket Fresh websites. A negative report, whether related to a delivery under Coupang Eats or Rocket Fresh or to a competitor, may have an adverse impact on demand for food delivery and could result in decreased orders. A decrease in orders as a result of these health concerns could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, our reliance on third-party food suppliers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne illness incidents could be caused by factors outside of our control. If customers become ill from food-borne illnesses, we and/or merchants on Coupang Eats could be forced to temporarily suspend the Coupang Eats or Rocket Fresh businesses, in whole or in part. Furthermore, any instances of food contamination, whether or not they are related to us, could subject us or restaurants to additional regulations. 
 The nature of our delivery logistics, including those related to our own delivery services and our services that use independent delivery partners, exposes us to potential liability and expenses for legal claims that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We face risks relating to our delivery services. We use independent delivery partners to deliver prepared food and some packages. For example, on top of the tens of thousands of individuals that have signed up as Coupang Flex partners, we have contracted with other Delivery Service Providers (DSPs). Similarly, our Coupang Eats service delivers food prepared by independent restaurants using the services of independent EDPs. Third parties have in the past and could in the future assert legal claims against us relating to safety incidents associated with delivery drivers. Orders made via Rocket Delivery and Coupang Eats are delivered by drivers of motor vehicles. Some drivers delivering orders via these services have been involved in motor vehicle accidents, and some drivers may be involved in motor vehicle accidents in the future. 
 We believe that our independent delivery partners are independent contractors because, among other things, they choose whether, when, and where to provide these services, provide these services at days and times that are convenient for them (or not at all), are free to hold other jobs and provide services to our competitors, provide a vehicle to perform delivery services, decide for themselves how best to perform their services, and are under no long-term or exclusive commitment to us. However, if the classification of any of our independent delivery partners as independent contractors were to be challenged by legislation, regulation or legal interpretation, the costs associated with defending, settling, or resolving these matters could be material to our 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 30 

Table of Contents 

business. Further, any such reclassification would require us to change our business model, including our Coupang Eats service, and consequently have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have incurred and may continue to incur expenses relating to legal claims on these matters. The frequency of such claims is unpredictable. We could experience diversion of attention by management to address these claims, and such claims can result in significant costs to investigate and defend, regardless of their merits. These claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Failure by our suppliers or merchants to comply with product safety, intellectual property, or other laws may subject us to liability, damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business. 
 Much of the merchandise we sell on our apps and websites are subject to regulation by Korean laws or administrative agencies. Failure of our suppliers to provide merchandise that complies with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, product safety and intellectual property regulations and statutes, could result in liability, damage to our reputation and brand, increased enforcement activity or litigation, and increased legal costs. 
 Certain merchandise in the past has been, and could in the future be, subject to recalls and other remedial actions. Such recalls and voluntary removal of merchandise could result in, among other things, lost sales, diverted resources, potential harm to our reputation, and increased customer service costs and legal expenses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have in the past become subject to fair trade claims and regulatory actions relating to allegedly false statements on our apps or websites about merchandise and their quality and have been fined by the KFTC. 
 Similarly, failure of our merchants to provide merchandise that complies with all applicable laws could result in liability relating to our marketplace, damage to our reputation and brand, increased enforcement activity or litigation, and increased legal costs. 
 We have in the past been subject to third-party lawsuits and complaints relating to some of our suppliers and merchants use of parallel importing, which allows them, other than those with exclusive sale rights in Korea, to also sell merchandise of a particular brand in Korea, so long as the merchandise is purchased from a valid source outside of Korea and the supply chain is documented. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in defending against these claims. 
 We have also received in the past, and we may receive in the future, communications alleging that certain items provided by suppliers or listed by merchants on our apps and/or websites infringe upon third-party copyrights, trademarks, and trade names or other intellectual property rights of others. Although we have sought to prevent and eliminate the listings of such goods, they may be listed on our apps or websites in the future and we may be held liable to those parties claiming an infringement of their intellectual property rights. Although we have a service quality management team that is responsible for monitoring reports of listing, display, and sales of pirated, counterfeited, prohibited, regulated, or faulty merchandise and services, such items may nevertheless be listed, displayed, or sold on our apps or websites and may subject us to potential lawsuits, sanctions, fines, or other penalties, which could adversely affect our business. For more, see Risks Related to Intellectual Property We may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 Government regulation of the Internet, e-commerce, and mobile commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet, e-commerce, and mobile commerce m-commerce ). Existing, proposed, and future regulations and laws could change our liabilities and impede the growth of the Internet, e-commerce, or m-commerce. These regulations and laws may involve taxes, tariffs, consumer protection, competition and antitrust, privacy and data security, anti-spam, content protection, electronic contracts and communications, and gift cards, among other topics. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, fair trade, sales and other taxes, and consumer privacy apply to the Internet as the vast majority of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the Internet, e-commerce, and m-commerce. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation or our business or result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others. Any such proceeding or action could hurt our reputation, force us to spend significant amounts in defense of these proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, decrease the use of our apps and websites by customers and merchants, and may result in the imposition of monetary liability. We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any such laws or regulations. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Any failure to protect our apps, websites, networks, and systems against security breaches or otherwise protect our confidential information could damage our reputation and brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business employs websites, networks, and systems through which we collect, maintain, transmit, and store data about our customers, merchants, suppliers, advertisers, and others, including personally identifiable information, as well as other confidential and proprietary information. We rely on encryption and authentication technology in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive information. However, security breaches or other security incidents have in the past and could in the future result in the inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential and sensitive information we collect, store, or transmit, or otherwise enable third parties to gain unauthorized access to this information such as our inadvertent exposure of limited customer information within our App that occurred during an upgrade in 2021 and was remediated within an hour. In addition, our apps, websites, networks, and systems are subject to security threats, including hacking of our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, ransomware, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches, or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by our apps, websites, networks, and systems, or that we otherwise maintain. Such risks extend not only to our own apps, websites, networks, and systems, but also to those of third-party services providers and our customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties. Moreover, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and are becoming increasingly sophisticated and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers, increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending against such threats. In addition, security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships. As a result of any security breach, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business could suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation, or regulatory action and possible liability. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data security, and other laws, and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are also subject to regulations relating to privacy and use of confidential information of our users, including, among others, Korea s Personal Information Protection Act and related legislation, regulations and orders (the PIPA ), China s Personal Information Protection Act, the Act on the Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Protection of Information Act (Korea), and the Credit Information Act in Korea that specifically regulates certain sensitive personal information. PIPA requires consent by the consumer with respect to the use of his or her data and requires the persons responsible for management of personal data to take the necessary technological and managerial measures to prevent data breaches and, among other duties, to notify the Personal Information Protection Commission of any data breach incidents within 24 hours. Failure to comply with PIPA in any manner may subject these persons responsible to personal liability for not obtaining such consent in an appropriate manner or for such breaches, including even negligent breaches, and violators face varying penalties ranging from monetary penalties to imprisonment. We strive to take the necessary technological and managerial measures to comply with PIPA, including the implementation of privacy policies concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of subscriber data on our apps and websites, and we regularly review and update our policies and practices. Despite these efforts to comply with PIPA, these rules are complex and evolving, subject to interpretation by government regulators which may change over time and therefore we are subject to the risk of claims by regulators of failure to comply with PIPA. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with such policies, laws, regulations, and other legal obligations and regulatory guidance could adversely affect our reputation, brand, and business, and may result in claims, proceedings, or actions, including criminal proceedings, against us and certain of our executive officers by governmental entities or others or other liabilities. Any such claim, proceeding, or action, could hurt our reputation, brand, and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, result in a loss of customers and merchants, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which came into effect in 2020, creates individual privacy rights for certain persons and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal data. For example, the CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and require deletion of their personal data, opt out of certain personal data sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal data are used. Failure to comply with the CCPA creates additional risks including enforcement by the California attorney general, private rights of actions for certain data breaches, and damage to reputation. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability with respect to our operations in California. Additionally, a new California ballot initiative, the California Privacy Rights Act, was voted into law in November 2020, which imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California and creates a new California data protection agency specifically tasked to enforce the law, which will likely result in increased regulatory scrutiny of California businesses in the areas of data protection and security. Several additional U.S. states have enacted similar laws to the CCPA and we expect more states to follow. 
 In addition, the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018. The GDPR may impose additional obligations and risk upon our business, and which may increase substantially the 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 32 

Table of Contents 

penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance. We may incur substantial expense in complying with the obligations imposed by the governments of the foreign jurisdictions in which we do business or seek to do business and we may be required to make significant changes in our business operations, all of which may adversely impact our business. 
 We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any laws, regulations or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection or any inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure of data that we store or handle as part of operating our business. In addition, legislative and regulatory bodies, or self-regulatory organizations, may expand or change their interpretations of current laws or regulations, or enact new laws or regulations or issue revised rules or guidance regarding privacy, data protection, and consumer protection. Any such changes may force us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. This could compromise our ability to pursue our growth strategy effectively and may harm our ability to attract new customers or retain existing customers, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, some providers of consumer devices and web browsers have implemented, or announced plans to implement, means to make it easier for Internet users to prevent the placement of cookies or to block other tracking technologies, which could, if widely adopted, result in the use of third-party cookies and other methods of online tracking becoming significantly less effective. The regulation of the use of these cookies and other current online tracking and advertising practices or a loss in our ability to make effective use of services that employ such practices could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to claims, litigation, governmental audits, inspections, investigations, and various legal proceedings, and face potential liability, expenses for legal claims, and harm to our business. 
 From time to time, we are subject to claims, litigation, governmental audits, inspections, investigations, and other legal proceedings relating to issues such as employment and labor, worker classification and assignment, worker pay, hours and benefits, labor relations including union and collective bargaining issues, employment authorization and immigration, worker safety, intellectual property (including patent, trademark and copyright), product safety, personal injury, privacy, information security, tax compliance, import/export regulations, foreign exchange regulations, licenses and permits, food safety, medical products, drugs and devices, financial services, antitrust, securities regulation, and fair trade matters, consumer protection, and environmental issues. As our operations are predominantly based in Korea, we are, and may from time to time become subject to investigations by Korean government authorities, including investigations related to Antitrust, Fair Trade, Labor and Employment and other matters. See the section titled Business Legal Proceedings for additional information about these types of legal proceedings. 
 Legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and any judgment, ruling, fine, penalty or injunctive relief entered against us or any adverse settlement in current or other future matters could result in harm to our reputation, sanctions, consent decrees, injunctions, or orders requiring a change in our business practices or otherwise negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, be harmful to our reputation, require significant management attention, and divert significant resources. Further, under certain circumstances, we have contractual and other legal obligations to indemnify and to incur legal expenses on behalf of our business and commercial partners and current and former directors and officers. 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the FCPA and similar laws, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We operate a global business and may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We are subject to anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. These laws prohibit companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from corruptly promising, authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything of value to foreign government officials, political parties, and private-sector recipients for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, directing business to any person, or securing any advantage. In addition, U.S. public companies are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent their transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. In many foreign countries, including countries in which we may conduct business, it may be a local custom that businesses engage in practices that are prohibited by applicable laws and regulations. We face significant risks if we or any of our directors, officers, employees, agents or other partners or representatives fail to comply with these laws and governmental authorities seek to impose substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We have implemented an anti-corruption compliance program and policies, procedures, and training, however, our employees, consultants, contractors, and agents, and companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law. Any such violation could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Any violation of applicable anti-corruption laws or anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, and severe criminal or civil sanctions, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial performance, and results of operations. In addition, responding to 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 33 

Table of Contents 

any enforcement action may result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 We are subject to governmental economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations and violations of such laws could subject us to liabilities, penalties, and other potential consequences. 
 We are subject to governmental, economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations in a number of countries, which restrict or prohibit transactions and dealings (including the sale, supply, or sourcing of products and services) with certain governments, persons, entities, countries, and territories, including those that are the target of comprehensive sanctions. We may have in the past, and could in the future, violate economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations. As such, we have and may from time to time in the future submit as warranted voluntary disclosures concerning potential violations of economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations to relevant governmental authorities or otherwise be subject to review by such authorities. 
 If we are found to be in violation of economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations, it could result in administrative, civil, and/or criminal fines, penalties and/or other remedial obligations. We may also be adversely affected through other penalties, business disruption, reputational harm, loss of access to certain markets and customers, or otherwise. In addition, any change to economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations or change in the countries, government, or persons targeted by such regulations could impact our ability to engage in transactions and dealings with certain parties and countries and could harm our business. 
 A failure to comply with current laws, rules and regulations or changes to such laws, rules, and regulations and other legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business, financial performance, results of operations, or business growth. 
 Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing laws, rules, and regulations or the promulgation of new laws, rules, and regulations applicable to us and our business, including those relating to the Internet and e-commerce, Internet advertising and price display, consumer protection, economic and trade sanctions, tax, payments, foreign exchange regulations, banking, data security, network and information systems security, data protection, and privacy. As a result, regulatory authorities could prevent or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or otherwise penalize us if our practices were found not to comply with applicable regulatory or licensing requirements or any binding interpretation of such requirements. Unfavorable changes or interpretations could decrease demand for our offerings, limit marketing methods and capabilities, affect our margins, increase costs, or subject us to additional liabilities. 
 Additionally, there are, and will likely continue to be, an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the Internet and e-commerce that may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the Internet, display of certain taxes and fees, online editorial and user-generated content, user privacy, data security, network and information systems security, behavioral and online advertising, taxation, liability for third-party activities, quality of services, and consumer protection. Further, the growth and development of e-commerce may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws and more aggressive enforcement efforts, which may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. 
 Additionally, the law relating to liability of online service providers is currently unsettled. Lawmakers and governmental agencies have in the past and could in the future require changes in the way our business is conducted that might create increased legal liability for online retailers and service providers. Unfavorable regulations, laws, decisions, or interpretations by government or regulatory authorities applying those laws and regulations, or inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions threatened or initiated by them, could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil and criminal liability or penalties (including substantial monetary fines), increase our cost of doing business, require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, damage our reputation, impede our growth, or otherwise have a material effect on our operations. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by governmental regulation and associated environmental and regulatory costs. 
 Our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations related to environmental and other matters. Such laws and regulations have become increasingly stringent over time. We may experience increased costs due to stricter pollution control requirements or liabilities resulting from noncompliance with operating or other regulatory standards. New regulations, such as those relating to the storage, transportation, and delivery of the products that we sell, might adversely impact operations or make them more costly. In addition, as an owner and operator of commercial real estate, we may be subject to liability under applicable environmental laws for clean-up of any contamination at our facilities. We cannot be sure that we have identified all such contamination, that we know the full extent of our obligations with respect to contamination of which we are aware, or that we will not become responsible for additional contamination not yet discovered. It is possible that material costs and liabilities will be incurred, including those relating to claims for damages to property and persons and the environment. Unfavorable changes in, failure to comply with, or increased costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 34 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 The protection of our intellectual property rights may require the expenditure of significant financial, managerial, and operational resources. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. Any of our current or future patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Our pending patent and trademark applications may never be granted. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and the amount of compensation for damages can be limited in certain jurisdictions. Further, we may not be able to prosecute or otherwise obtain all necessary or desirable patent or trademark applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Even if issued, these patents or trademarks may not adequately protect our intellectual property, as the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of patent, trademark and other intellectual property rights are applied on a case-by-case basis and it is generally difficult to predict the results of any litigation relating to such matters. Additionally, others may independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent, design-around or superior technology or intellectual property rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Although our terms of use prohibit the sale of counterfeit items or any items infringing upon third parties intellectual property rights in our marketplace and we have implemented measures to exclude goods that have been determined to violate our terms of use, we may not be able to detect and remove every item that may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. As a result, we have received in the past, and may receive in the future, complaints alleging that certain items listed or sold on our apps or websites infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties, which could lead to actual disputes and lawsuits relating to intellectual property infringement. 
 The e-commerce industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation or investigations for many companies. We are currently party to litigation or disputes related to intellectual property rights of third parties, and we expect we will continue to be subject to such litigation, disputes, and investigations in the future, some of which may be material. Any intellectual property litigation or investigations to which we might become a party, or for which we are required to provide indemnification, may require us to, among other things, (i) cease selling certain products, (ii) make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments, or other costs or damages, (iii) change our processes or technology, obtain license(s), which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, to use the relevant technology or process, or (iv) redesign the allegedly infringing processes to avoid infringement, misappropriation or violation. 
 Whether or not these claims are resolved in our favor, they could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Some of our software and systems contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software and solutions. 
 We use, and expect to continue to use, open source software in our software and systems. The licenses applicable to open source software typically require that the source code subject to the license be made available to the public and that any modifications or derivative works to open source software continue to be licensed under open source licenses. From time to time, we may face claims from third parties of infringement of their intellectual property rights, or demanding the release or license of the open source software or derivative works that we developed using such software (which could include our proprietary source code) or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. We have not conducted an open source license review and may inadvertently use open source software in a manner that exposes us to claims of non-compliance with the applicable terms of such license, including claims for infringement of intellectual property rights or for breach of contract. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to purchase a costly license, publicly release the affected portions of our source code, be limited in the licensing of our technologies or cease offering the implicated solutions unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement or change the use of the implicated open source software. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties, indemnities, or other contractual protections with respect to the software (for example, non-infringement or functionality). Our use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the source code for open source software is publicly available, which may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to breach our apps or websites and systems that rely on open source software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Taxes 
 Changes in the tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce may adversely affect the commercial use of our apps and websites and our financial results. 
 The Korean National Tax Service or the Korean Ministry of Economy and Finance may attempt to introduce new tax regimes in alignment with the Korean government s recent international-tax overhaul attempt to address the tax challenges arising from the digitalization of the economy including e-commerce. This may lead the Korean government to impose additional or new regulations on our business or levy additional or new sales, income or other taxes relating to our activities. New or revised tax regulations may subject us or our customers to additional sales, income, and other taxes. We cannot predict the effect of current attempts to impose sales, income, or other taxes on e-commerce. New or revised taxes could increase the cost of doing business online and decrease the attractiveness of advertising and selling merchandise and services over the Internet. New taxes could also create significant increases in internal costs necessary to capture data and collect and remit taxes. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to taxes in the United States, Korea, China, and other foreign jurisdictions where we operate. We are a Delaware corporation that is treated as a domestic corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the rules of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a substantial portion of any income earned by our non-U.S. affiliates, regardless of whether that income is distributed to us, although it may be possible to offset some or all of any U.S. tax liability with credits for non-U.S. income taxes paid by the non-U.S. affiliates. These rules are extremely complicated, and their impact on us will depend on the results of our future operations and cannot be predicted or quantified at this time. 
 Our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the proportion of our earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. Our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses; changes in excess tax benefits of equity-based compensation expense; changes in the valuation of, or our ability to use, deferred tax assets; and the applicability of withholding taxes. 
 Our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be materially impacted by: 
 Changes in tax laws, regulations, and treaties, or the interpretation thereof, 
 the practices of tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate, 
 tax policy initiatives and reforms under consideration, 
 changes to existing accounting rules or regulations, or 
 changes to our ownership or capital structure. 
 The income tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate are constantly under review by taxing authorities and other governmental bodies. New tax laws or changes to current tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect our results of operations as well as our stockholders. 
 We are subject to audit by U.S. and foreign tax authorities. Such tax authorities may disagree with tax positions we take, and if any such tax authority were to successfully challenge any such position, our business could be adversely impacted. Additionally, the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for pricing intercompany transactions pursuant to our intercompany arrangements or disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a challenge or disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows, and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our consolidated financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency. 
 Similarly, a taxing authority could assert that we are subject to tax in a jurisdiction where we believe we have not established a taxable connection, often referred to as a permanent establishment under international tax treaties, and such an assertion, if successful, could increase our expected tax liability in one or more jurisdictions. 
 Any resulting fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate could materially and adversely affect our results of business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Our Korean and U.S. affiliates ability to use net operating loss carryforwards may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Korean affiliates had approximately 3.3 billion of net operating losses NOLs carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income, which will begin to expire in 2025. Under legislative changes made in December 2022, the utilization of NOL carryforwards is generally limited to 80 of taxable income in the year of utilization. 
 Realization of these NOL carryforwards depends on our future taxable income and there is a risk that our existing carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We maintain a valuation allowance on all our Korean net deferred tax assets as we have determined that it is more likely than not that we would not recognize the benefits of these assets. For additional information, see Note 7 "Income Taxes" in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with Bom Kim, who beneficially holds all of our Class B common stock representing in the aggregate 76.0 of the voting power of our capital stock. 
 All of our shares of Class B common stock, which has 29 votes per share, are beneficially held by Bom Kim, our Founder and Chief Executive Officer. Our Class A common stock, which is the stock we list on the NYSE, has one vote per share. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters, except as otherwise required by applicable law or our certificate of incorporation. Each share of our Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of our Class A common stock. In addition, each share of our Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of our Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except certain transfers to entities, to the extent the transferor retains sole dispositive power and exclusive voting control with respect to the shares of Class B common stock, and certain other transfers described in our certificate of incorporation. Upon any conversion of shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock, the voting power of any existing holder of Class A common stock in any vote of the Class A common stock voting separately as a class will be diluted to the extent of the additional shares of Class A common stock issued as a result of the conversion, but because there will be fewer shares of Class B common stock outstanding as a result of such a conversion, the voting power of any existing holder of Class A common stock in any vote of all shares of capital stock voting together as a class will increase because there will be fewer shares of the higher vote Class B common stock outstanding. Because of the 29-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the Class B common stock held by Mr. Kim represent, in the aggregate, 76.0 of the combined voting power of our capital stock as of December 31, 2022. The control by Mr. Kim of a majority of the combined voting power will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. In addition, this may defer, prevent, or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. Mr. Kim also has the ability to control our management and major strategic investments as a result of his position as our Chief Executive Officer. Although Mr. Kim owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders as a board member and officer, as a stockholder, Mr. Kim is entitled to vote his shares in his own interest, which may not always be in the interest of our stockholders generally. Similarly, a reduction in Mr. Kim s shareholdings could impact his ability to control corporate matters. 
 We cannot predict the effect our dual class structure may have on the price per share of our Class A common stock. 
 We cannot predict whether our dual class structure will result in a lower or more volatile price of our Class A common stock, in adverse publicity, or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE Russell announced that it plans to require new constituents of its indices to have greater than 5 of the company s voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, and S P Dow Jones announced that it will no longer admit companies with multiple-class share structures to certain of its indices. Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S P 500, S P MidCap 400, and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. The dual class structure of our common stock would make us ineligible for inclusion in these and certain other indices and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices would not invest in our Class A common stock. These policies are relatively new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible that they may adversely affect our value compared to similar companies that are included in such indices. As a result, the price per share of our Class A common stock could decline or remain depressed. 
 In addition, several stockholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use of multiple class structures. As a result, the dual class structure of our common stock could cause stockholder advisory firms to recommend withholding votes against our directors, publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause us to change our capital structure. Any actions or publications by stockholder advisory firms critical of our corporate governance practices or capital structure could cause the price per share of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The market price of shares of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline. 
 The stock market in general, and the market for stocks of technology companies in particular, has been highly volatile. As a result, the market price of shares of our Class A common stock is likely to be volatile, and investors in our Class A common stock may experience a decrease, which could be substantial, in the price of their Class A common stock or the loss of their entire investment for a number of reasons, including reasons unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a broad and diverse range of factors, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section and this Form 10-K and the following: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 overall performance of the equity markets and the economy as a whole; 
 changes in the financial projections we may provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow us, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to that of our competitors; 
 changes in the anticipated future size or growth rate of our addressable markets; 
 announcements of new products, or of acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital-raising activities or commitments, by us or by our competitors; 
 additions or departures of board members, management, or key personnel; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business, including those related to data privacy and cyber security in Korea or globally; 
 lawsuits or investigations threatened or filed against us; 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; 
 health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, influenza, and other highly communicable diseases or viruses; and 
 sales or expectations with respect to sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our security holders. 
 In addition, stock markets with respect to newly public companies, particularly companies in the technology industry, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the stock prices of these companies. Stock prices of many companies, including technology companies, have fluctuated in a manner often unrelated to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price for their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We are currently subject to a putative securities class action litigation and we may be subject to additional securities related litigation and claims in the future. Any such securities litigation or claims could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For additional information about the litigation in which we are involved, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings . 
 Sales of our Class A common stock in the public market could cause the price per share of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock into the public market, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, or principal stockholders, or the perception that these sales might occur, could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,597,804,374 shares of Class A common stock outstanding. We have also registered shares of Class A common stock that we may issue under our employee equity incentive plans. These shares will be able to be sold freely in the public market upon issuance, subject to applicable vesting requirements, compliance by affiliates with Rule 144, and other restrictions provided under the terms of the applicable plan and/or the award agreements entered into with participants. 
 The holders of approximately 40 of our shares of our Class A and Class B common stock are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares purchased by affiliates. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could cause the price per share of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which will restrict our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against us, our directors, officers, or other employees in a venue other than in the federal district courts of the United States. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, and we cannot assure that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We lease our principal executive office in Seattle, Washington and additional office space in Korea, the United States and throughout Asia. We lease or own approximately 47 million square feet of fulfillment and logistics space throughout Korea, as well as other parts of Asia and the United States. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and that, should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings, claims, litigation, governmental audits, inspections, investigations, and other various proceedings in the ordinary course of business. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims, litigation, governmental audits, inspections, and investigations relating to issues such as employment and labor, worker classification and assignment, worker pay, hours and benefits, labor relations including union and collective bargaining issues, employment authorization and immigration, health and safety, workplace harassment, workplace sexual harassment, intellectual property (including patent, trademark, and copyright), product safety, personal injury, privacy, information security, tax compliance, import/export regulations, foreign exchange regulations, licenses and permits, food safety, medical products, drugs and devices, financial services, antitrust and fair trade matters, consumer protection, and environmental issues. 
 The results of any current or future claims, litigation, governmental audits, inspections, or investigations cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, these claims, proceedings and investigations could have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, harm to our brand and reputation, and other factors. 
 The most significant of our current legal proceedings are described in Note 13 "Commitments and Contingencies", in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , and risks relating to legal matters are described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 40 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 Market for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CPNG. Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were 47 holders of record of our Class A common stock and one holder of record of our Class B common stock. Because some of our shares of class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We intend to retain any future earnings and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, we may enter into agreements or other borrowing arrangements in the future that will restrict our ability to declare or pay cash dividends or make distributions on our capital stock. The ability of certain subsidiaries to pay dividends to Coupang, Inc. is restricted due to terms which require the subsidiaries to meet certain financial covenants. In addition, Coupang, Inc. s Korean subsidiaries, have certain regulatory restrictions that only allow dividend payments to be made while maintaining a positive net equity balance or if dividends are paid out of the current year s income, if any. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any filing of Coupang, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A common stock with the cumulative total return on the S P 500 Index S P 500 and the S P 500 Retailing Index S P 500 Retailing ). The graph assumes 100 was invested at the market close on March 11, 2021, which was the first day our Class A common stock began trading. Data for the S P 500 Index and S P 500 Retailing Index assume reinvestment of dividends. The graph uses the closing market price on March 11, 2021 of 49.25 per share as the initial value of our Class A common stock. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities, Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 The Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253030) for our IPO of our Class A common stock was declared effective by the SEC on March 10, 2021. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act and other periodic reports previously filed with the SEC. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ). This discussion, particularly information with respect to our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Form 10-K. You should review the disclosure in Part I Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 

Overview 
 We are a leading e-commerce retailer in Korea with operations in the United States, Japan, Taiwan, Singapore and China. We believe that we are the preeminent online destination in the market because of our broad selection, low prices, and exceptional delivery and customer experience across our owned inventory selection as well as products offered by third-party merchants. Our unique end-to-end integrated fulfillment, logistics, and technology network enables Rocket Delivery, which provides free, next-day delivery for orders placed anytime of the day, even seconds before midnight across millions of products. Our structural advantages from complete end-to-end integration, investments in technology, and scale economies generate higher efficiencies that allow us to pass savings to customers in the form of lower prices. The capabilities we have built provide us with opportunities to expand into other offerings and geographies. 
 We believe the true measure of our success will be shareholder value created over the long term. Our long-term investments in building a differentiated technology-orchestrated network and customer-facing functionality have helped build a business that we expect will deliver significant growth and cash flows at scale. We have in turn successfully reinvested to expand into new offerings, such as with our owned-inventory selection, Rocket WOW membership, Rocket Fresh, Coupang Eats, and Coupang Play, among others. We will continue to reinvest cash flows generated by our established offerings into new initiatives and innovations for our customers. We plan to invest and maximize value for customers and shareholders in the long term over optimizing our short-term results. 
 Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we organized our operations into two segments: Product Commerce and Developing Offerings. These segments reflect the way management evaluates its business performance and manages its operations. See Note 3 "Segment Reporting" to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Product Commerce primarily includes core retail (owned inventory) and marketplace offerings (third-party merchants) and Rocket Fresh, our fresh grocery offering, as well as advertising products associated with these offerings. Revenues from Product Commerce are derived primarily from online product sales of owned inventory to customers in Korea and from commissions earned from merchants that sell products through our mobile application and website. 
 Developing Offerings primarily includes more nascent offerings and services, including Coupang Eats, our restaurant ordering and delivery service, Coupang Play, our online content streaming service, fintech, certain international initiatives, as well as advertising products associated with these offerings. Revenues from Developing Offerings are primarily generated from online restaurant ordering and delivery services provided on our mobile applications and websites. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On March 15, 2021, we completed our initial public offering IPO in which we issued and sold 100,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock at an IPO price of 35.00 per share. We received net proceeds of 3.4 billion after deducting underwriting discounts of 69 million and other offering costs. 
 Immediately prior to effectiveness of our IPO registration statement on Form S-1, Coupang, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, converted into a Delaware corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion, which changed our name to Coupang, Inc. Corporate Conversion ). 
 As a result of the Corporate Conversion and IPO, our redeemable convertible preferred units preferred units and common units (which included common units designated as profits interests PIUs )), in each case, automatically converted into an equal number of shares of Class A or Class B common stock, except with respect to a conversion adjustment to certain PIUs, which reduced the outstanding common units designated as PIUs that converted into the shares of Class A common stock. Also, our convertible notes were automatically converted into 171,750,446 shares of our Class A common stock. For additional information related to the Corporate Conversion and IPO, see Note 14 "Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units and Stockholders'/Members' Equity (Deficit)" and Note 15 "Convertible Notes and Derivative Instrument" in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Fulfillment Center Fire 
 In June 2021, a fire extensively damaged our Deokpyeong fulfillment center FC Fire resulting in a loss of the inventory, building, equipment, and other assets at the site. Inventory and property and equipment losses from the FC Fire of 158 million and 138 million were recognized in Cost of sales and Operating, general and administrative , respectively, in 2021. 
 While we are insured on property losses from the FC Fire, investigations surrounding the fire continue. In December 2022, we received a refundable insurance cash advance payment of 79 million, which is included within other current liabilities and reflected as an inflow for operating cash flows. We have not recognized any insurance benefit in our consolidated statements of operations to date. Whether and to what extent the advance will become non-refundable or additional proceeds will be received is currently unknown. 
 Key Financial and Operating Highlights: 
 2022 2021 Change Total net revenues 20,582,615 18,406,372 12 Total net revenues, constant currency (1) 
 23,235,971 17,850,617 26 Gross profit (2) 
 4,709,873 2,951,128 60 Net loss (4) 
 (92,042) (1,542,590) (94) Net loss margin (0.4) (8.4) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 381,212 (747,636) NM (3) 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 
 1.9 (4.1) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 565,439 (410,578) NM (3) 
 Free cash flow (1) 
 (245,641) (1,082,377) (77) Segment adjusted EBITDA: Product Commerce 605,838 (360,896) NM (3) 
 Developing Offerings (224,626) (386,740) (42) 
 (1) Total net revenues, constant currency; total net revenues growth, constant currency; adjusted EBITDA; adjusted EBITDA margin; and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures below for the reconciliation of the Non-GAAP measures with their comparable amounts prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 
 (2) Gross profit is calculated as total net revenues minus cost of sales, and for 2021 includes 158 million related to inventory losses from the FC Fire. 
 (3) Non-meaningful. 
 (4) Net loss for 2021 includes 296 million in losses recognized during the second quarter of 2021 related to the FC Fire. 
 
 Key Business Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Key Business Metrics 
 Three Months Ended December 31, (in thousands, except net revenues per Active Customer) 2022 2021 Active Customers 18,115 17,936 Total net revenues per Active Customer 294 283 
 Active Customers 
 As of the last date of each reported period, we determine our number of Active Customers by counting the total number of individual customers who have ordered at least once directly from our apps or websites during the relevant period. A customer is anyone who has created an account on our apps or websites, identified by a unique email address. The change in Active Customers in a reported period captures both the inflow of new customers as well as the outflow of existing customers who have not made a purchase in the period. We view the number of Active Customers as a key indicator of our potential for growth in total net revenues, the reach of our network, the awareness of our brand, and the engagement of our customers. 
 Net Revenues per Active Customer 
 Net revenues per Active Customer is the total net revenues generated in a period divided by the total number of Active Customers in that period. A key driver of growth is increasing the frequency and the level of spend of Active Customers who are shopping on our apps or websites. We therefore view net revenues per Active Customer as a key indicator of engagement and retention of our customers and our success in increasing the share of wallet. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We report our financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, management believes that certain non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with additional useful information in evaluating our performance. These non-GAAP financial measures may be different than similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These measures should only be used to evaluate our results of operations in conjunction with the corresponding U.S. GAAP measures. 
 Non-GAAP Measure Definition How We Use The Measure Free Cash Flow Cash flow from operations 
 Less: purchases of property and equipment, 
 Plus: proceeds from sale of property and equipment. 
 Provides information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated from our ongoing operations that, after purchases and sales of property and equipment, can be used for strategic initiatives, including investing in our business and strengthening our balance sheet, including paying down debt, and paying dividends to stockholders. Adjusted EBITDA Net income (loss), excluding the effects of: 
 - depreciation and amortization, 
 - interest expense, 
 - interest income, 
 - other income (expense), net, 
 - income tax expense (benefit), 
 - equity-based compensation, 
 - impairments, and 
 - other items not reflective of our ongoing operations. 
 
 Provides information to management evaluate and assess our performance and allocate internal resources. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are frequently used by investors and other interested parties in evaluating companies in the e-commerce industry for period-to-period comparisons as they remove the impact of certain items that are not representative of our ongoing business, such as material non-cash items and certain variable charges. Adjusted EBITDA Margin Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total net revenues. Constant Currency Revenue Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant. We define constant currency revenue as total revenue excluding the effect of foreign exchange rate movements, and use it to determine the constant currency revenue growth on a comparative basis. Constant currency revenue is calculated by translating current period revenues using the prior period exchange rate. The effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons. Our financial reporting currency is the U.S. dollar USD and changes in foreign exchange rates can significantly affect our reported results and consolidated trends. For example, our business generates sales predominantly in Korean Won KRW ), which are favorably affected as the USD weakens relative to the KRW, and unfavorably affected as the USD strengthens relative to the KRW. We use constant currency revenue and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate comparisons between periods. We believe the presentation of our results on a constant currency basis in addition to U.S. GAAP results helps improve the ability to understand our performance because they exclude the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our actual results of operations. Constant Currency Revenue Growth Constant currency revenue growth (as a percentage) is calculated by determining the increase in current period revenue over prior period revenue, where current period foreign currency revenue is translated using prior period exchange rates. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures 
 Free Cash Flow 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 565,439 (410,578) Adjustments: Purchases of land and buildings (226,587) (215,062) Purchases of equipment (597,675) (458,601) Total purchases of property and equipment (824,262) (673,663) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 13,182 1,864 Total adjustments (811,080) (671,799) Free cash flow (245,641) (1,082,377) Net cash used in investing activities (848,254) (675,525) Net cash provided by financing activities 247,352 3,576,850 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Total net revenues 20,582,615 18,406,372 Net loss (92,042) (1,542,590) Net loss margin (0.4) (8.4) Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization 230,965 201,480 Interest expense 27,169 45,358 Interest income (52,798) (8,645) Income tax (benefit) expense (1,063) 1,002 Other expense, net 6,715 10,913 Equity-based compensation 262,266 249,345 FC Fire Losses 295,501 Adjusted EBITDA 381,212 (747,636) Adjusted EBITDA margin 1.9 (4.1) 
 Constant Currency Revenue and Constant Currency Revenue Growth 
 2022 2021 Year over Year Growth (in thousands) As Reported Exchange Rate Effect Constant Currency Basis As Reported Exchange Rate Effect Constant Currency Basis As Reported Constant Currency Basis Consolidated Net retail sales 18,338,177 2,364,020 20,702,197 16,487,975 (497,832) 15,990,143 11 26 Net other revenue 2,244,438 289,336 2,533,774 1,918,397 (57,923) 1,860,474 17 32 Total net revenues 20,582,615 2,653,356 23,235,971 18,406,372 (555,755) 17,850,617 12 26 Net Revenues by Segment Product Commerce 19,954,594 2,572,396 22,526,990 17,837,717 (538,586) 17,299,131 12 26 Developing Offerings 628,021 80,960 708,981 568,655 (17,169) 551,486 10 25 Total net revenues 20,582,615 2,653,356 23,235,971 18,406,372 (555,755) 17,850,617 12 26 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 
 2021 vs 2020 
 Net retail sales 18,338,177 16,487,975 11,045,096 11 49 Net other revenue 2,244,438 1,918,397 922,243 17 108 Total net revenues 20,582,615 18,406,372 11,967,339 12 54 Cost of sales 15,872,742 15,455,244 9,981,102 3 55 Operating, general and administrative 4,821,892 4,445,090 2,502,231 8 78 Total operating cost and expenses 20,694,634 19,900,334 12,483,333 4 59 Operating loss (112,019) (1,493,962) (515,994) (93) 190 Interest income 52,798 8,645 10,991 NM (1) 
 (21) Interest expense (27,169) (45,358) (107,762) (40) (58) Other (expense) income, net (6,715) (10,913) 149,900 (38) NM (1) 
 Loss before income taxes (93,105) (1,541,588) (462,865) (94) NM (1) 
 Income tax (benefit) expense (1,063) 1,002 292 NM (1) 
 NM (1) 
 Net loss (92,042) (1,542,590) (463,157) (94) NM (1) 
 
 (1) Non-meaningful. 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020 can be found under Part II, Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2021. 
 Total Net Revenues 
 We categorize our total net revenues as (1) net retail sales and (2) net other revenue. Total net revenues incorporate reductions for estimated returns, promotional discounts, and earned loyalty rewards and exclude amounts collected on behalf of third parties, such as value added taxes. We periodically provide customers with promotional discounts to retail prices, such as percentage discounts and other similar offers, to incentivize increased customer spending and loyalty. These promotional discounts are discretionary and are reflected as reductions to the selling price and revenue recognized on each corresponding transaction. Loyalty rewards are offered as part of revenue transactions to all retail customers, whereby rewards are earned as a percentage of each purchase, for the customer to apply towards the purchase price of a future transaction. We defer a portion of revenue from each originating transaction, based on the estimated standalone selling price of the loyalty reward earned, and then recognize the revenue as the loyalty reward is redeemed in a future transaction, or when they expire. The amount of the deferred revenue related to these loyalty rewards is not material. 
 Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 As Reported Constant Currency Net retail sales 18,338,177 16,487,975 11 26 Net other revenue 2,244,438 1,918,397 17 32 Total net revenues 20,582,615 18,406,372 12 26 
 Net retail sales represent the majority of our total net revenues which we earn from online product sales of our owned inventory to customers. Net other revenue includes revenue from commissions earned from merchants that sell their products through our apps or websites. We are not the merchant of record in these transactions, nor do we take possession of the related inventory. 
 Net other revenue also includes consideration from online restaurant ordering and delivery services performed by us, as well as advertising services provided on our apps or websites. We also earn subscription revenue from memberships to our Rocket WOW membership program, which is also included in net other revenue. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Net revenues by segment was as follows: 
 Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 As Reported Constant Currency Product Commerce 19,954,594 17,837,717 12 26 Developing Offerings 628,021 568,655 10 25 Total net revenues 20,582,615 18,406,372 12 26 
 The increases in Product Commerce net revenues are primarily due to continued growth in our Active Customers and total net revenues per Active Customer, driven by increased product selection of our owned inventory, and increased customer engagement across more product categories. 
 The increase in Developing Offerings net revenues is primarily from an increase in the average spend from Active Customers using our Eats offering, partially offset by a decrease in those customers. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales primarily consists of the purchase price of products sold directly to customers where we record revenue gross, and includes logistics costs. Inbound shipping and handling costs to receive products from suppliers are included in inventory and recognized in cost of sales as products are sold. Additionally, cost of sales includes outbound shipping and logistics related expenses, delivery service costs from our restaurant delivery business, and depreciation and amortization expense. 
 The increase in cost of sales was primarily attributable to increased volume resulting from increased sales and customer demand. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue decreased from 84.0 for 2021 to 77.1 for 2022 primarily due to our efforts around supply chain optimization and increased volume in higher margin offerings. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for 2021 was also negatively impacted by 158 million in non-recurring inventory losses related to the FC Fire. 
 Operating, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Operating, general and administrative expenses include all our operating costs excluding cost of sales, as described above. More specifically, these expenses include costs incurred in operating and staffing our fulfillment centers (including costs attributed to receiving, inspecting, picking, packaging, and preparing customer orders), customer service related costs, payment processing fees, costs related to the design, execution, and maintenance of our technology infrastructure and online offerings, advertising costs, general corporate function costs, and depreciation and amortization expense. 
 The increase in operating, general and administrative expenses primarily reflects the growth we have achieved in our overall business. While our advertising expenses increased 172 million to support growth and expansion, this is primarily the result of lower advertising expenses we incurred in the prior two years due to COVID-related impacts. The increases in our operating, general and administrative expenses were partially offset by property, equipment and other non-recurring losses of 138 million recognized in 2021 related to the FC Fire. 
 Operating, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased from 24.1 for 2021 to 23.4 for 2022 primarily related to improved operating leverage as well as property, equipment and other non-recurring losses from the FC Fire recognized in 2021, partially offset by increases in advertising expenses. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense primarily consists of interest on our short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and our convertible notes issued in our 2018 convertible note financing. 
 The decrease in interest expense was primarily attributable to the conversion of our convertible notes into shares of our Class A common stock as a result of the Corporate Conversion and our IPO during the first quarter of 2021. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income primarily consists of interest earned on our deposits held with financial institutions. 
 The increase in interest income was primarily related to an increase in interest rates on our deposits with various financial institutions. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 The operating performance measure of each segment is segment adjusted EBITDA. Segment adjusted EBITDA is defined as loss before income taxes for a period before depreciation and amortization, interest expense, interest income, income tax expense (benefit), other income (expense), net, equity-based compensation, impairments, and other items that we do not believe are reflective of our ongoing operations associated with our segments. 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Product Commerce 605,838 (360,896) NM (1) 
 Developing Offerings (224,626) (386,740) (42) Consolidated adjusted EBITDA 381,212 (747,636) NM (1) 
 
 (1) Non-meaningful. 
 The improvement in Product Commerce segment adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to an increase in net revenues, improved margins from supply chain optimization, an increased percentage of revenues earned from higher margin revenue offerings, and improved operating leverage. 
 The improved Developing Offerings segment adjusted EBITDA was the result of lower advertising and promotional costs as well as lower delivery costs per order associated with Coupang Eats, offset by continued investments in licensed content for Coupang Play as well as our international expansion. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to access sufficient cash flows to meet the short-term and long-term cash requirements of our business operations. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, supplemented through various debt financing arrangements and sales of our equity securities. We had total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 3.7 billion as of December 31, 2022, of which 2.0 billion was held by our foreign subsidiaries and may not be freely transferable to the U.S due to local laws or other restrictions. Additionally, we have over 1.0 billion available under our 2022 and 2021 revolving credit facilities as described below. 
 The ability of certain subsidiaries to transfer funds or pay dividends to Coupang, Inc. is restricted due to terms which require the subsidiaries to meet certain financial covenants, including requirements to maintain a positive net equity balance or having current period income. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had stockholders equity of 2.4 billion and 2.2 billion, respectively. We may incur losses in the future. We expect that our investment into our growth strategy will continue to be significant, particularly with respect to our Developing Offerings segment, which will continue to focus on our newer offerings and entrance into new geographies, as well as overall expansion of our fulfillment, logistics, and technology capabilities. As part of this expansion to fulfill anticipated future customer demand and continuation to expand services, we plan to build new fulfillment centers. We have entered into various new construction contracts for capital projects which are expected to be completed over the next three years. These contracts have remaining capital expenditures commitments of 466 million as of December 31, 2022. We expect that our future expenditures for both infrastructure and workforce-related costs will exceed several billion dollars over the next several years. 
 During the first quarter of 2021, we completed our IPO, in which we issued and sold 100,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock at a price of 35.00 per share. We received net proceeds of approximately 3.4 billion from the IPO after deducting underwriting discounts of 69 million and other offering costs. 
 Changes in our cash flows were as follows: 
 Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 565,439 (410,578) 976,017 Net cash used in investing activities (848,254) (675,525) (172,729) Net cash provided by financing activities 247,352 3,576,850 (3,329,498) 
 Operating Activities 
 The year-over-year change in operating cash flow was primarily driven by a 1.5 billion decrease in net loss partially offset by a (125) million decrease in our non-cash expenses contributing to the net loss for 2022. Cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities increased (349) million, consisting primarily of: 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 49 

Table of Contents 

a decrease in cash inflow in accounts payable of (284) million as a result of slower growth than in 2021 and timing of purchases, partially offset by a decrease in cash outflow in inventory of 161 million; 
 an increase in cash outflow in other assets of (111) million as a result of additional advances made to vendors and suppliers; 
 a decrease in cash inflow in accrued expenses of (199) million impacted by lower employee accruals compared to the prior year due to slower headcount growth. 
 Investing Activities 
 The increase was mainly driven by a 151 million increase in purchases of property and equipment, primarily related to our fulfillment and logistics infrastructure, including purchases of buildings, land and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 The decrease was primarily driven by 3.4 billion of proceeds, net of underwriting discounts of 69 million and other offering costs, from the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock upon the completion of our IPO in 2021, a 132 million increase in repayments of debt and short-term borrowings, all partially offset by a 267 million increase in proceeds from debt and short-term borrowings. 
 We believe that our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, we may need additional cash resources in the future if we find and pursue opportunities for investment, acquisition, strategic cooperation, or other similar actions, which may include investing in technology, our logistics and fulfillment infrastructure, or related talent. If we determine that our cash requirements exceed our amounts of cash on hand or if we decide to further optimize our capital structure, we may seek to issue additional debt or equity securities or obtain credit facilities or other sources of financing. This financing may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Capital Resources 
 We have entered into material unconditional purchase obligations. These contractual commitments primarily relate to technology related service contracts, fulfillment center construction contracts, and software licenses. We generally enter into term loan facility agreements to finance the construction of our fulfillment centers. These agreements may require that we provide for collateral equal to or greater than the amount borrowed under the arrangement. As we continue to build or purchase additional fulfillment centers, we expect our borrowings under debt financing arrangements to continue to increase. We also have material operating leases which expire over the next ten years as well as obligations for our debts. Total minimum contractual commitments due within the next 12 months were 814 million as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, we have: 
 operating leases that have not commenced with future minimum lease payments of 308 million with non-cancellable lease terms of 1 to 10 years; 
 expected defined severance benefits to be paid of 708 million; and 
 open purchase orders for inventories that are primarily due in the next twelve months, and are generally cancellable, in full or in part, through the contractual provisions. 
 Refer to Note 13 "Commitments and Contingencies", Note 5 "Defined Severance Benefits", and Note 11 "Leases" in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for disclosure of our future commitments. 
 Our short-term and long-term borrowings generally include lines of credit with financial institutions available to be drawn upon for general operating purposes. 
 Term Loan Facilities 
 In September 2022, we entered into a 87 million one-year term loan agreement. We pledged 104 million of certain land as collateral. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.75 . Principal is to be paid at maturity and interest is paid on a monthly basis. 
 In March 2022, we entered into a new five-year loan agreement to borrow 316 million, which was partially used to extinguish the 149 million August 2020 term loan facility which matured in March 2022, and to finance infrastructure of a fulfillment center. We pledged up to 379 million of certain existing land and a building as collateral. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.26 . 
 2022 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In October 2022, we entered into a two-year revolving facility agreement with a borrowing limit of 126 million that bears interest at the average of 91-days CD interest rate plus 2.30 . The revolving facility is secured by certain of our inventories. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 50 

Table of Contents 

2021 Revolving Credit Facility 
 We have a three-year 1.0 billion unsecured credit facility (the 2021 revolving credit facility ). As of December 31, 2022, there was no balance outstanding on the 2021 revolving credit facility. 
 Borrowings under the 2021 revolving credit facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate per annum equal to (i) a base rate equal to the highest of (A) the prime rate, (B) the higher of the federal funds rate or a composite overnight bank borrowing rate plus 0.50 , or (C) an adjusted London interbank offered rate LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus 1.00 or (ii) an adjusted LIBOR plus a margin equal to 1.00 . We are also required to pay other customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type, including letter of credit fees, an upfront fee, and an unused commitment fee. The 2021 revolving credit facility contains a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to: 
 incur or guarantee additional debt; 
 make certain investments and acquisitions; 
 make certain restricted payments and payments of certain indebtedness; 
 incur certain liens or permit them to exist; and 
 make fundamental changes and dispositions (including dispositions of the equity interests of subsidiary guarantors). 
 Each of these restrictions is subject to various exceptions. 
 The 2021 revolving credit facility is guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain material restricted subsidiaries of Coupang, Inc. (including Coupang Corp.), subject to customary exceptions. The 2021 revolving credit facility also contains certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default for facilities of this type. 
 The 2021 and 2022 revolving credit facilities both require us to (i) maintain a ratio of secured indebtedness to total consolidated tangible assets of less than 35 , if we have 1 or more of revolving loans or any unreimbursed drawn letters of credit outstanding under the 2021 or 2022 revolving credit facility at the end of each fiscal quarter and (ii) maintain a minimum amount of liquidity of at least 625 million (or 313 million to the extent the aggregate commitment of the 2021 or the 2022 revolving credit facility, respectively, is 500 million). 
 Refer to Note 12 "Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt" in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for disclosure of our debt obligations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Although we believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, given the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, and due to the unforeseen effects of the current global macroeconomic environment, those estimates required increased judgment, and actual results reported in future periods could differ materially from those estimates and assumptions. See Note 1 "Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a description of our significant accounting policies. 
 The following items require significant estimation or judgment: 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The application of various accounting principles related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments and estimates. Specifically, complex arrangements with non-standard terms and conditions may require relevant contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting treatment, including whether the promised goods and services specified in a multiple element arrangement should be treated as separate performance obligations. Other significant judgments include determining whether we are acting as the principal or the agent from an accounting perspective in a transaction. 
 For certain arrangements, we apply significant judgment in determining whether we are acting as the principal or agent in a transaction. We are acting as the principal if we obtain control over the goods and services before they are transferred to customers. Generally, when we are primarily obligated in a transaction and are subject to inventory risk or have latitude in establishing prices, or have several but not all of these indicators, we act as the principal and record revenue on a gross basis. We act as the agent and record the net amount as revenue earned if we do not obtain control over the goods and services before they are transferred to the customers. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Inventories 
 We account for our inventories, which consist of products available for sale, using the weighted average cost method, and value them at the lower of cost or net realizable value. This valuation requires management judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, such as through sales to individual customers, returns to product suppliers, or liquidations, and expected recoverable values of separate inventory categories. If changes in market conditions result in reductions to the estimated net realizable value of our inventory, we would increase our valuation in the period in which we made such a determination. 
 Income Taxes 
 We record deferred tax assets net of valuation allowances when, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income. In considering the need for a valuation allowance, we consider historical, as well as future projected taxable income, along with other positive and negative evidence in assessing the realizability of its deferred tax assets. We recorded valuation allowances of 1.1 billion and 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We also recognize and measure uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return utilizing a two-step process. In the first step, recognition, we determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The second step addresses measurement of a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not criteria. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that has a likelihood of greater than 50 percent of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 Defined Severance Benefits 
 We have severance benefits covering employees in Korea. See Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5 "Defined Severance Benefits" to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Actuarial valuations are used in determining amounts recognized in the financial statements for our severance benefit plans. These valuations incorporate the following significant assumptions: 
 discount rates; and 
 salary growth rates 
 Management believes that these assumptions are critical accounting estimates because significant changes in these assumptions could impact our results of operations and financial position. Management believes that the assumptions utilized to record its obligations under its plans are reasonable based on the plans experience and advice received from its outside actuaries. We review the severance benefit plan assumptions annually and modify the assumptions based on current rates and trends as appropriate. The effects of such changes in assumptions are amortized as part of plan income or expense in future periods. 
 At the end of each fiscal year, we determine the weighted-average discount rates and salary growth rates used to calculate the projected defined severance benefits obligation. The discount rates are an estimate of the current interest rate at which the benefit plan liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year. As of December 31, 2022, we determined the discount rates for the severance benefit plan used in determining the projected and accumulated benefit obligations to be 5.10 to 5.30 , as compared to 2.70 to 3.00 as of December 31, 2021. In estimating these rates, we review rates of return on high-quality corporate bond indices, which approximate the timing and amount of benefit payments. Assuming all other defined benefit plan assumptions remain constant, a one percentage point decrease in the discount rates would result in an immaterial change in benefit plan expense during 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we determined the salary growth rates for the severance benefit plan used in determining the projected and accumulated benefit obligations to be 5.00 to 8.00 , as compared to 5.00 to 5.24 as of December 31, 2021. In estimating these rates, we review our historical and expected rates as well as industry growth rates. Assuming all other defined benefit plan assumptions remain constant, a one percentage point decrease in the salary growth rates would result in an immaterial change in benefit plan expense during 2023. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 In addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency, and credit. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of 3.7 billion. Interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Our interest rate risk arises primarily from our undrawn 2022 revolving credit facility. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose us to variability in cash flows. Our policy, in the management of interest rate risk, is to structure a reasonable balance between fixed and floating rate financial instruments as well as our cash and cash equivalents and any short-term investments we may hold. The balance struck by our management is dependent on prevailing interest rate markets at any point in time. 
 Our borrowings generally include lines of credit with financial institutions, some of which carry variable interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had no balances outstanding under our lines of credit. An assumed hypothetical 10 change in prevailing interest rates would not have a material impact on our results of operations. Any future borrowings incurred under the 2021 and 2022 revolving credit facilities would accrue interest at rates subject to current market conditions. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We have accounts on our foreign subsidiaries ledgers, which are maintained in the respective subsidiary s local currency and translated into USD for reporting of our consolidated financial statements. As a result, we are exposed to fluctuations in the exchange rates of various currencies against the USD and other currencies, predominantly the KRW. 
 Transactional 
 We generate the majority of our revenue from customers within Korea. Typically, we aim to align costs with revenue denominated in the same currency, but we are not always able to do so. As a result of the geographic spread of our operations and due to our reliance on certain products and services priced in currencies other than KRW, our business, results of operations, and financial condition have been and will continue to be impacted by the volatility of the KRW against foreign currencies. 
 Translational 
 Coupang, Inc. s functional currency and reporting currency is the USD. The local and functional currency for our Korean subsidiary, Coupang Corp., which is our primary operating subsidiary, is the KRW. The other subsidiaries predominantly utilize their local currencies as their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities of each subsidiary are translated into USD at the exchange rate in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated into USD using average rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Consequently, increases or decreases in the value of the USD affect the value of these items with respect to the non-USD-denominated businesses in the consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. For example, a stronger USD will reduce the reported results of operations of non-USD-denominated businesses and conversely a weaker USD will increase the reported results of operations of non-USD-denominated businesses. An assumed hypothetical 10 adverse change in average exchange rates used to translate foreign currencies to USD would have resulted in a decline in total net revenues of 1.8 billion and an increase in net loss of (28) million for 2022. 
 At this time, we do not, but we may in the future, enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency risk. It is difficult to predict the impact hedging activities would have on our results of operations. 
 Credit Risk 
 Our cash and cash equivalents, deposits, and loans with banks and financial institutions are potentially subject to concentration of credit risk. We place cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions that management believes are of high credit quality. The degree of credit risk will vary based on many factors, including the duration of the transaction and the contractual terms of the agreement. As appropriate, management evaluates and approves credit standards and oversees the credit risk management function related to investments. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units and Stockholders'/Members Equity (Deficit) 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 
 Note 1 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 63 
 Note 2 
 Net Revenues 
 68 
 Note 3 
 Segment Reporting 
 68 
 Note 4 
 Equity-based Compensation Plans 
 69 
 Note 5 
 Defined Severance Benefits 
 71 
 Note 6 
 Other (Expense) Income, net 
 72 
 Note 7 
 Income Taxes 
 72 
 Note 8 
 Net Loss per Share 
 74 
 Note 9 
 Fair Value Measurement 
 75 
 Note 10 
 Property and Equipment, net 
 75 
 Note 11 
 Leases 
 75 
 Note 12 
 Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt 
 76 
 Note 13 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 78 
 Note 1 4 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units and Stockholders'/Members' Equity (Deficit) 
 79 
 Note 15 
 Convertible Notes and Derivative Instrument 
 80 
 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Coupang, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Coupang, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of redeemable convertible preferred units and stockholders /members equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of condensed financial information of parent as of December 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of Defined Severance Benefits Obligation 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s defined severance benefits obligation was 304.5 million as of December 31, 2022. Management measures the defined severance benefits obligation annually, or more frequently if there is a remeasurement event, based on the measurement date utilizing certain assumptions including discount rates, salary growth rates, and certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality. Management reviews its actuarial assumptions and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when appropriate. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of defined severance benefits obligation is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when estimating the defined severance benefits obligation; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to discount rates and salary growth rates. Also, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s estimate of the defined severance benefits obligation. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for developing the measurement of the defined severance benefits obligation; evaluating the appropriateness of the actuarial model; testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the model; and evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions related to discount rates and salary growth rates. Evaluating management s assumptions related to salary growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering the Company s historical experience and expectation of future experience. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the actuarial model and the reasonableness of the discount rates assumptions. 
 
 /s/ Samil PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 Seoul, Korea 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 56 

Table of Contents 

COUPANG, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net retail sales Net other revenue Total net revenues Cost of sales Operating, general and administrative Total operating cost and expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net loss ) ) ) Less: premium on repurchase of redeemable convertible preferred units ) Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 57 

Table of Contents 

COUPANG, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) Actuarial gain (loss) on defined severance benefits, net of tax ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 58 

Table of Contents 

COUPANG, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (in thousands, except shares) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaids and other current assets Total current assets Long-term restricted cash Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term lease deposits and other Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Short-term borrowings Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of long-term operating lease obligations Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease obligations Defined severance benefits and other Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Stockholders' equity Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 59 

Table of Contents 

COUPANG, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED UNITS AND STOCKHOLDERS /MEMBERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units Common Units Class A and Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders'/Members' Equity (Deficit) (in thousands) Units Amount Units Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) Actuarial loss on defined severance benefits, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common units, equity-based compensation plans Repurchase of common units ) ) ) Repurchase of preferred units ) ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax Actuarial loss on defined severance benefits, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common units, equity-based compensation plans Equity-based compensation Impact of Corporate Conversion and IPO Conversion of common units into Class A and Class B common stock ) ) Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred units into Class A and Class B common stock ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs Conversion of convertible notes into Class A common stock Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options subsequent to Corporate Conversion and IPO Issuance of common stock upon settlement of RSUs subsequent to Corporate Conversion and IPO ) Equity-based compensation subsequent to Corporate Conversion and IPO Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units Common Units Class A and Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders'/Members' Equity (Deficit) Units Amount Units Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax Actuarial gain on defined severance benefits, net of tax Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Equity-based compensation Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 61 

Table of Contents 

COUPANG, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for severance benefits Equity-based compensation Paid-in-kind interest and accretion of discount on convertible notes Revaluation of derivative instrument ) Inventory and fixed asset losses due to fulfillment center fire Non-cash operating lease expense Non-cash others Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Other investing activities ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock upon initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts Deferred offering costs paid ) Repurchase of common units and preferred units ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock/units, equity-based compensation plan Proceeds from short-term borrowings Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs Repayment of short-term borrowings ) ) ) Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Net short-term borrowings and other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, as of beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, as of end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 62 

Table of Contents 

COUPANG, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1. 

reportable segments: Product Commerce and Developing Offerings. Refer to Note 3 "Segment Reporting" for additional information. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On March 15, 2021, we completed our initial public offering IPO in which we issued and sold shares of our Class A common stock at a price of per share. We received net proceeds of approximately billion from the IPO after deducting underwriting discounts of million and other offering costs. 
 Immediately prior to effectiveness of our IPO registration statement on Form S-1, Coupang, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, converted into a Delaware corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion, which changed our name to Coupang, Inc. Corporate Conversion ). 
 For additional information related to our Corporate Conversion and IPO, see Note 14 "Redeemable Convertible Preferred Units and Stockholders'/Members' Equity (Deficit)" and Note 15 "Convertible Notes and Derivative Instrument." 
 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 64 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 . In connection with our Corporate Conversion, the outstanding awards were converted into stock options. The grant-date fair value of each stock option award, net of estimated forfeitures, is recognized as expense over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. We estimate the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the award, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the award, and expected dividends. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the stock of industry peers. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yields of U.S. Treasury securities with maturities similar to the expected term of the options for each option group. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities (Decrease) increase in property and equipment-related accounts payable ) Conversion of common units into Class A and Class B common stock Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred units into Class A and Class B common stock Conversion of convertible notes into Class A common stock 
 million and million, respectively. The allowance amounts were immaterial for all periods presented. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Fulfillment Center Fire 
 In June 2021, a fire extensively damaged our Deokpyeong fulfillment center FC Fire resulting in a loss of the inventory, building, equipment, and other assets at the site. Inventory and property and equipment losses from the FC Fire of million and million were recognized in Cost of sales and Operating, general and administrative , respectively, in 2021. 
 While we are insured on property losses from the FC Fire, investigations surrounding the fire continue. In December 2022, we received a refundable insurance cash advance payment of million, which is included within other current liabilities. We have not recognized any insurance benefit in our consolidated statements of operations to date. Whether and to what extent the advance will become non-refundable or additional proceeds will be received is currently unknown. 
 
 impairment losses were recorded for 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 67 

Table of Contents 

and were held at three and four financial institutions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our gross accounts receivable includes amounts concentrated with three and one payment processing companies representing and of gross accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2. 
 Third-party merchant services Other revenue Total net revenues 
 
 This level of revenue disaggregation takes into consideration how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Net retail sales are recognized from online product sales to consumers. Third-party merchant services represent commissions, advertising, and delivery fees earned from merchants and restaurants that sell their products through our online business. Other revenue includes revenue earned from our Rocket WOW membership program and various other offerings. 
 million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively, primarily related to payments in advance of delivery which were included in deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets as of the beginning of the respective years. 
 
 3. 
 operating and reportable segments: Product Commerce and Developing Offerings. These segments are based on how the CODM manages the business, allocates resources, makes operating decisions and evaluates operating performance. Prior to this change, we operated in operating and reportable segment. 
 Product Commerce primarily includes core retail (owned inventory) and marketplace offerings (third-party merchants) and Rocket Fresh, our fresh grocery offering, as well as advertising products associated with these offerings. Revenues from Product Commerce are derived primarily from online product sales of owned inventory to customers in Korea, and from commissions earned from merchants that sell products through our mobile application and website. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Developing Offerings Total net revenues Segment adjusted EBITDA Product Commerce ) ) Developing Offerings ) ) ) Total segment adjusted EBITDA ) ) Reconciling items: Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Equity-based compensation ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other (expense) income, net ) ) Fulfillment center fire losses ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 4. 
 of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on the last day of the calendar month before the date of each automatic increase, or a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors. Following the increase, the maximum number of shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued under the 2021 Plan is shares. As of December 31, 2022, we have shares of common stock available for future issuance to employees. 
 Shares subject to stock awards granted under the 2021 Plan that expire or terminate without being exercised in full, or that are paid out in cash rather than in shares, do not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. Additionally, shares become available for future grant under the 2021 Plan if they were issued under stock awards under the 2021 Plan and we repurchase them or they are forfeited. 
 RSUs 
 RSUs generally vest over to years from the vesting start date, subject to the recipient remaining an employee at each vesting date. 
 For the RSUs with the performance condition satisfied upon the completion of our IPO, we recorded million in equity-based compensation expense for 2021, consisting primarily of a cumulative catch-up adjustment related to such awards based on the full or partial fulfillment of requisite service periods. Unrecognized equity-based compensation expense related to these awards will be recorded over the remaining requisite service period. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 69 

Table of Contents 

million of unamortized compensation costs related to all unvested RSU awards. The unamortized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years, net of estimated forfeitures. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited / cancelled ) December 31, 2022 
 Fair value of RSUs at vesting 
 Stock Options 
 Our stock options are granted with exercise prices equal to the estimated fair value of the common shares at the date of grant. The stock options generally expire from the grant date. 
 The total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options was million, which will be recognized over the weighted-average remaining service period of approximately years, net of estimated forfeitures. 
 
 Forfeited / cancelled ) Exercised ) December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 Weighted-average expected volatility Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate - 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Intrinsic fair value of stock options exercised 
 Equity-based Compensation Expense 
 Operating, general and administrative Total 
 
 5. 
 Current service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gains) losses ) Payments from plans ) ) Plan changes Cumulative effects of foreign currency translation ) ) Ending balance, December 31 Current Noncurrent 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined severance benefits was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest cost Amortization of: Prior service cost Net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost 
 Salary growth rates 
 The principal actuarial assumptions used to determine the net periodic cost were as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Discount rates Salary growth rates 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 71 

Table of Contents 

s 
 s 
 
 6. 
 Foreign currency gain (loss) ) Other non-operating expense ) ) ) Total other (expense) income, net ) ) 
 
 7. 
 Foreign - Korea Foreign - Other Current taxes Deferred taxes United States ) Foreign - Korea Foreign - Other Deferred taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense )) ) ) Foreign - Korea ) ) Foreign - Other ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Differences resulting from: Statutory rate difference ) ) Change in valuation allowances ) Global intangible low taxed income tax ("GILTI") Stock compensation ) Tax credit ) ) Other nondeductible expense ) Other ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 Our resulting effective tax rate differs from the applicable statutory rate primarily due to the statutory rate change, changes in the valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, impacts from GILTI and equity-based compensation. 
 Depreciation Accrued expenses Amortization Defined severance benefits Lease liabilities Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credits Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Prepaid expenses ) ) Accrued income ) ) Lease asset ) ) Loan payable ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 
 Our valuation allowances were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The valuation allowances at December 31, 2022 were primarily related to net operating loss carryforwards that, in the judgment of management, are not more likely than not to be realized. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) ) Changes to existing valuation allowances ) ) Derecognition of valuation allowances Changes in foreign exchange rates, statutory rates and other ) Ending balance, December 31 ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have net operating loss carryforwards for corporate income tax purposes of billion, substantially all in Korea, which are available to offset future corporate taxable income, if any. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2035 - 2037 Total net operating loss carryforwards 
 We have corporate tax credit carryforwards of million in the US which are available to reduce future corporate regular income taxes and million of which expires between 2034 and 2042. 
 We did t have any material uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The open tax years for our major tax jurisdictions are 2018 - 2022 for the United States and 2017 - 2022 for Korea. 
 
 8.) ) ) Less: premium on repurchase of redeemable convertible preferred units ) Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders ) ) ) Denominator Weighted-average shares attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders per share, basic and diluted 
 During 2020, we repurchased certain preferred units at a premium over the carrying values, which increased net loss attributable to common stockholders. 
 Redeemable convertible preferred units Equity compensation awards 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 74 

Table of Contents 

9. 
 Time deposit Restricted Cash Level 1 Money market trust Restricted Cash Level 1 Time deposit Other current assets Level 1 Time deposit Long-term restricted cash Level 1 
 (1) Cash deposits includes bank deposits, money market trusts and time deposits. The carrying value approximates fair value because maturities are less than three months. 
 
 10. 
 Buildings years Equipment and furniture - years 
 Leasehold improvements (1) 
 Vehicles - years 
 Software years Construction in progress Property and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 (1) Lesser of useful life or remaining lease term 
 For 2022, 2021, and 2020, depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Property and equipment under construction, which primarily consists of fulfillment centers and deposits for equipment, is recorded as construction in progress until it is ready for its intended use; thereafter, it is transferred to the related class of property and equipment and depreciated over its estimated useful life. 

11. 
 . These leases can contain renewal options. Because we are not reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options, or the renewal options are not solely within our discretion, the options are not considered in determining the lease term, and the associated potential option payments are excluded from expected minimum lease payments. Our leases generally do not include termination options for either party or restrictive financial or other covenants. 
 Our finance leases as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not material and are included in property and equipment, net, on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Variable and short-term lease cost Total operating lease cost 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating leases were as follows: 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for the amount used to measure the operating lease liabilities Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Net increase (decrease) to operating lease ROU assets resulting from remeasurements of lease obligations ) 
 Amounts disclosed for ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations include amounts added to the carrying amount of ROU assets resulting from lease modifications and reassessments, and new leases. 
 The assumptions used to value operating leases for the periods presented were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had entered into operating leases that have not commenced with future minimum lease payments of million, that have not been recognized on our consolidated balance sheets. These leases have non-cancellable lease terms of to years. 

12. 
 Less: unamortized discounts ) ) Total short-term borrowings 
 Our short-term borrowings generally include lines of credit with financial institutions to be drawn upon for general operating purposes. 
 In May 2022, we entered into a revolving credit facility agreement to borrow up to million. This facility was secured by million of time deposits, which are classified as short-term restricted cash. Under this facility agreement, the interest rate will be negotiated and fixed at the time of each drawdown. 
 In September 2022, we entered into a million term loan agreement. We pledged million of certain land as collateral. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . Principal is to be paid at maturity and interest is paid on a monthly basis. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 76 

Table of Contents 

November 2024 (2) 
 CD interest rate (91 days) + 
 February 2023 April 2025 (3) 
 October 2023 March 2027 (4) 
 Total principal long-term debt Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Less: unamortized discounts ) ) Total long-term debt 
 (1) Relates to our 2021 revolving credit facility as described below. 
 (2) Relates to our 2022 revolving credit facility as described below 
 (3) We entered into various loan agreements with fixed interest rates for general operating purposes. 
 (4) Relates to our term loan facility agreements as described below. At December 31, 2022, we had pledged up to million of land and buildings as collateral against long-term loan facilities. 
 (5) Borrowings under the 2021 revolving credit facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate per annum equal to (i) a base rate equal to the highest of (A) the prime rate, (B) the higher of the federal funds rate or a composite overnight bank borrowing rate plus , or (C) an adjusted LIBOR for a one-month interest period plus or (ii) an adjusted LIBOR plus a margin equal to . 
 2022 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In October 2022, we entered into a revolving facility agreement with a borrowing limit of million that bears interest at the average of 91-day CD interest rate plus . The revolving facility is secured by million of inventories. 
 2021 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In February 2021, we entered into a senior unsecured credit facility (the 2021 revolving credit facility which provides for revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to billion. The 2021 revolving credit facility provides us the right to request incremental commitments up to billion, subject to customary conditions. As of December 31, 2022, there was balance outstanding on the 2021 revolving credit facility. 
 The 2021 revolving credit facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial covenants. The 2021 revolving credit facility is guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by all our material restricted subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. Borrowings under the 2021 revolving credit facility are not permitted to the extent any amounts are drawn under our existing revolving credit facility. 
 The 2021 and 2022 revolving credit facilities both contain financial covenants that require us to maintain certain maximum net leverage ratios and minimum liquidity amounts. 
 Term Loan Facility Agreements 
 In March 2022, we entered into a new loan agreement to borrow million, which was partially used to extinguish the million August 2020 term loan facility which matured in March 2022, and to finance infrastructure of a fulfillment center. We pledged up to million of certain existing land and a building as collateral. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . 
 In December 2021, we entered into a new loan agreement to borrow up to million to finance the construction of a fulfillment center. We pledged up to million of certain existing land and a building to be constructed as collateral. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . 
 In November 2021, we entered into a new term loan facility agreement to borrow up to million to finance the construction of a fulfillment center and a new term loan facility agreement to borrow up to million for general operating purposes. We pledged up to million of certain existing land and buildings. The loans bear interest at a fixed rate of and , respectively. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 77 

Table of Contents 

loan agreement to borrow up to million to finance the construction of a fulfillment center. We pledged up to million of certain existing land and a building to be constructed as collateral. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . 
 In August 2021, we entered into a new million term loan agreement. We pledged million of certain land and buildings as collateral. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . Principal is to be paid at maturity and interest is paid on a monthly basis. 
 We were in compliance with the covenants for each of our borrowings and debt agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Our long-term debt is recorded at amortized cost. The fair value is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on our current interest rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The carrying amount of the long-term debt approximates its fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due primarily to the interest rates approximating market interest rates. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

13. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted payments Less: lease imputed interest ) Total lease commitments 
 Unconditional purchase obligations include legally binding contracts with terms in excess of one year that are not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets. These contractual commitments primarily relate to the purchases of technology related services, fulfillment center construction contracts, and software licenses. For contracts with variable terms, we do not estimate the total obligation beyond any minimum pricing as of the reporting date. 
 Legal Matters 
 From time to time, we may become party to litigation incidents and other legal proceedings, including regulatory proceedings, in the ordinary course of business. We assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes with respect to these matters and determines loss contingency assessments on a gross basis after assessing the probability of incurrence of a loss and whether a loss is reasonably estimable. In addition, we consider other relevant factors that could impact our ability to reasonably estimate a loss. A determination of the amount of reserves required, if any, for these contingencies is made after analyzing each matter. Our reserves may change in the future due to new developments or changes in strategy in handling these matters. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of currently pending legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 78 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 preferred units, which were convertible into the same number of common voting units issued upon conversion of the preferred units, as well as the issuance of common units. 
 Pursuant to the Corporate Conversion and IPO: 
 preferred units and common units (which include PIUs), in each case, automatically converted into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, except with respect to a conversion adjustment which reduced the outstanding common units designated as PIUs by common units, and excluding any such preferred units and common units held by Mr. Bom Kim; and 
 preferred units held by Mr. Kim and common units held by Mr. Kim, in each case, converted into an equal number of shares of Class B common stock. Also, the owner of our Class B common stock converted shares of Class B common stock into Class A common stock, which were sold in the IPO. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides for two classes of common stock, and authorizes shares of undesignated preferred stock, the rights, preferences, and privileges of which may be designated from time to time by our board of directors. Our authorized capital stock consists of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share; shares of Class B common stock, par value per share; and shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value per share. preferred stock was issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting, conversion, and transfer rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to votes. In addition, each share of our Class B common stock will convert automatically into share of our Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except certain transfers to entities, to the extent the transferor retains sole dispositive power and exclusive voting control with respect to the shares of Class B common stock. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 79 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, and the amount related to actuarial losses on defined severance benefits was ) million and ) million, respectively. 
 
 15. 
 shares of our Class A common stock. 
 We recorded interest expense from our convertible notes for 2021 and 2020 of million and million, respectively. 
 Following the convertible notes conversion to shares of Class A common stock, the embedded derivatives no longer exist. The change in fair value of the derivative instrument resulted in a gain of million for 2020, which was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations within Other (expense) income, net. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), to assess whether they are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Samil PricewaterhouseCoopers, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weakness 
 As previously disclosed in Part II Item 9A "Controls and Procedures" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to (i) the design and effectiveness of information technology general controls, (ii) inadequate segregation of duties, and (iii) inadequate internal control over the timely preparation and review of account reconciliations. We concluded that these material weaknesses arose because we did not have sufficient qualified accounting resources, formalized processes, and policies necessary to satisfy the accounting and financial reporting requirements of a public company. 
 Management implemented certain remediation measures in 2021 and 2022. We have enhanced processes and controls to address these material weaknesses, developed formal policies, added qualified and experienced accounting resources and implemented additional training of existing resources. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we completed our testing and evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting and determined that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was designed and operating effectively for a sufficient period for management to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the actions described above to remediate the material weaknesses relating to our internal control over financial reporting, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 82 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item, including information about our Directors, Executive Officers and Audit Committee and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC, no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. To the extent permissible under applicable rules, we intend to disclose amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as waivers of the provisions thereof granted to executive officers and directors, on our investor relations website under the heading Corporate Governance at www.ir.aboutcoupang.com. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , (PCAOB ID: ). 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 83 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 1) Financial Statements (Item 8); 
 2) Financial Statement Schedules. Financial Statement Schedules of the Company, as required for 2022, 2021, and 2020, consist of Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Coupang, Inc. Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto. 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit Provided Herewith Incorporated by Reference Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-40115 3.1 November 12, 2021 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-40115 3.2 November 12, 2021 4.1 Sixth Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated December 21, 2018. 
 S-1 333-253030 4.1 February 12, 2020 4.2 Description of Securities. 
 10-K 001-40115 4.2 March 3, 2022 10.1 English Translation of Lease Agreement, dated September 13, 2016, by and among Hana Bank, Hyundai Investments Asset Management Co., Ltd. and Coupang Corp. 
 S-1 333-253030 10.1 February 12, 2020 10.2 English Translation of First Amendment to Lease Agreement, by and among Hana Bank, Hyundai Investments Asset Management Co., Ltd., and Coupang Corp. 
 S-1 333-253030 10.1 February 12, 2020 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1 333-253030 10.1 February 12, 2020 10.4+ Coupang, LLC Third Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and related form agreements. 
 S-8 333-254117 99.1 March 11, 2021 10.5+ Coupang, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 X 10.6+ Amended Executive Severance Policy . 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.1 August 16, 2021 10.6+ Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Bom Kim. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.6 May 13, 2021 10.7+ Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Gaurav Anand. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.7 May 13, 2021 10.8+ Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Hanseung Kang. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.8 May 13, 2021 10.9+ Consulting Agreement between Coupang, Inc. and Thuan Pham dated July 29, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.1 November 10, 2022 10.10+ Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Harold Rogers. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.11 May 13, 2021 10.11 Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2021, among Coupang, Inc. as Borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.12 May 13, 2021 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 84 

Table of Contents 

10.12 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2021, among the Registrant, as Borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-K 001-40115 10.12 March 3, 2022 10.13 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2021, among the Registrant, as Borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-K 001-40115 10.13 March 3, 2022 10.14 Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, among the Registrant, as Borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-K 001-40115 10.15 March 3, 2022 10.15+ Form of Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 
 10-K 001-40115 10.14 March 3, 2022 10.16+ Form of Annual RSU Award Notice Agreement for Non-Employee Directors. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.1 August 11, 2022 10.17+ Form of RSU Award Notice Agreement for Executives. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.2 May 12, 2022 10.18+ Form of PSU Award Notice Agreement for Executives. 
 10-Q 001-40115 10.3 May 12, 2022 21.1 List of Significant Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Samil PricewaterhouseCoopers, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 X 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 85 

Table of Contents 

101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _____________ 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Coupang, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Operating cost and expenses ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Other income, net (Loss) income before equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Less: premium on repurchase of redeemable convertible preferred units ) Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) Actuarial gain (loss) on defined severance benefits, net of tax ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash Other current assets Total current assets Other long-term assets Investment in subsidiaries ) Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity Class A and Class B common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Investing activities Capital contribution to subsidiaries ) ) ) Return of capital contribution from subsidiaries Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing activities Repurchase of common units and preferred units ) Proceeds from issuance of common units and preferred units, net of issuance costs Deferred offering costs paid ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock/units, equity-based compensation plan Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Cash and cash equivalents Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents as of beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents as of end of the period 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Coupang, Inc. 
 Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Coupang, Inc.) 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 2. 
 billion unsecured credit facility (the 2021 revolving credit facility as further described in Note 12 "Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt". As of December 31, 2022, there was balance outstanding on the 2021 revolving credit facility. 
 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 91 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 COUPANG, INC. By: /s/ Bom Kim Bom Kim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 Dated: March 1, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Bom Kim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board March 1, 2023 Bom Kim (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Gaurav Anand Chief Financial Officer March 1, 2023 Gaurav Anand (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Jonathan Lee Chief Accounting Officer March 1, 2023 Jonathan Lee (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Neil Mehta Director March 1, 2023 Neil Mehta /s/ Jason Child Director March 1, 2023 Jason Child /s/ Pedro Franceschi Director March 1, 2023 Pedro Franceschi /s/ Benjamin Sun Director March 1, 2023 Benjamin Sun /s/ Kevin Warsh Director March 1, 2023 Kevin Warsh /s/ Harry You Director March 1, 2023 Harry You 
 Coupang, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K 
 92 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 cpng-12312022exhibit105.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5 

Coupang, Inc. 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Adopted by the Board of Directors February 10, 2021 Approved by the Stockholders February 26, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

1 GENERAL. 1 2 SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. 1 3 ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS. 2 4 OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 3 5 AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 7 6 ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS. 9 7 ADMINISTRATION. 11 8 TAX WITHHOLDING. 14 9 MISCELLANEOUS. 15 10 COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 18 11 ADDITIONAL RULES FOR AWARDS SUBJECT TO SECTION 409A. 19 12 SEVERABILITY. 22 13 TERMINATION OF THE PLAN. 22 14 DEFINITIONS. 23 

i 

1. GENERAL. 
 (a) Successor to and Continuation of Prior Plan. The Plan is the successor to and continuation of the Prior Plan. As of the Effective Date, (i) no additional awards may be granted under the Prior Plan (ii) any Returning Shares under the Prior Plan will become available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan and (iii) all outstanding awards granted under the Prior Plan will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan (except to the extent such outstanding awards result in Returning Shares that become available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan). All Awards granted under this Plan will be subject to the terms of this Plan. 
 (b) Plan Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to secure and retain the services of Employees, Directors and Consultants, to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and to provide a means by which such persons may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards. 
 (c) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following Awards (i) Incentive Stock Options (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options (iii) SARs (iv) Restricted Stock Awards (v) RSU Awards (vi) Performance Awards and (vii) Other Awards. 
 (d) Adoption Date Effective Date. The Plan will come into existence on the Adoption Date, but no Award may be granted prior to the Effective Date. 
 2. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. 
 (a) Share Reserve. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(c) and any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards will not exceed 215,103,732 shares of Common Stock which is the sum of (i) 137,103,680 new shares, plus (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock (not to exceed 78,000,052 shares of Common Stock) which represents the number of Returning Shares, if any, as such shares become available from time to time. 
 In addition, subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock will automatically increase on January 1 of each year for a period of ten years commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2031, in an amount equal to five percent (5 of the total number of shares of the Company s Capital Stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding year provided, however that the Board may act prior to January 1 st of a given year to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock. 
 (b) Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(a) and subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is 645,311,196 shares. 
 1 

(c) Share Reserve Operation. 
 (i) Limit Applies to Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Awards. For clarity, the Share Reserve is a limit on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards and does not limit the granting of Awards, except that the Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy its obligations to issue shares pursuant to such Awards. Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by, as applicable, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c), NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, NYSE American Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (ii) Actions that Do Not Constitute Issuance of Common Stock and Do Not Reduce Share Reserve. The following actions do not result in an issuance of shares under the Plan and accordingly do not reduce the number of shares subject to the Share Reserve and available for issuance under the Plan (1) the expiration or termination of any portion of an Award without the shares covered by such portion of the Award having been issued (2) the settlement of any portion of an Award in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than Common Stock) (3) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price of an Award or (4) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an Award. 
 (iii) Reversion of Previously Issued Shares of Common Stock to Share Reserve. The following shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant to an Award and accordingly initially deducted from the Share Reserve will be added back to the Share Reserve and again become available for issuance under the Plan (1) any shares that are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of a failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares (2) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price of an Award and (3) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an Award. 
 3. ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS. 
 (a) Eligible Award Recipients. Subject to the terms of the Plan, Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards. 
 (b) Specific Award Limitations. 
 (i) Limitations on Incentive Stock Option Recipients. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code). 
 (ii) Incentive Stock Option 100,000 Limitation. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any 
 2 

calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s). 
 (iii) Limitations on Incentive Stock Options Granted to Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder may not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless (i) the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Option and (ii) the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant of such Option. 
 (iv) Limitations on Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs. Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 405) unless the stock underlying such Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A because the Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction (such as a spin off transaction) or unless such Awards otherwise comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A. 
 (c) Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is the number of shares specified in Section 2(b). 
 (d) Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit. The aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid, as applicable, to any individual for service as a Non-Employee Director with respect to any calendar year, including Awards granted and cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director, will not exceed (i) 750,000 in total value or (ii) in the event such Non-Employee Director is first appointed or elected to the Board during such Annual Period, 1,000,000 in total value, in each case calculating the value of any equity awards based on the grant date fair value of such equity awards for financial reporting purposes. The limitations in this Section 3(d) shall apply commencing with the first calendar year that begins following the Effective Date. 
 For avoidance of doubt, compensation will count towards this limit for the calendar year in which it was granted or earned, and not later when distributed, in the event it is deferred. 
 4. OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 
 Each Option and SAR will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board. Each Option will be designated in writing as an Incentive Stock Option or Nonstatutory Stock Option at the time of grant provided, however, that if an Option is not so designated, then such Option will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and the shares purchased upon exercise of each type of Option will be separately accounted for. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. The terms and conditions of separate Options and SARs need not be identical 
 3 

provided, however, that each Option Agreement and SAR Agreement will conform (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (a) Term. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant of such Award or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement. 
 (b) Exercise or Strike Price. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and, if applicable, 424(a) of the Code. 
 (c) Exercise Procedure and Payment of Exercise Price for Options. In order to exercise an Option, the Participant must provide notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the procedures specified in the Option Agreement or otherwise provided by the Company. The Board has the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to utilize a particular method of payment. The exercise price of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and as determined by the Board, by one or more of the following methods of payment to the extent set forth in the Option Agreement 
 (i) by cash or check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
 (ii) pursuant to a cashless exercise program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds 
 (iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock that are already owned by the Participant free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such delivery is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment, (3) such delivery would not violate any Applicable Law or agreement restricting the redemption of the Common Stock, (4) any certificated shares are endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate, and (5) such shares have been held by the Participant for any minimum period necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment as a result of such delivery 
 4 

(iv) if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment or 
 (v) in any other form of consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and permissible under Applicable Law. 
 (d) Exercise Procedure and Payment of Appreciation Distribution for SARs. In order to exercise any SAR, the Participant must provide notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the SAR Agreement. The appreciation distribution payable to a Participant upon the exercise of a SAR will not be greater than an amount equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents that are vested and being exercised under such SAR, over (ii) the strike price of such SAR. Such appreciation distribution may be paid to the Participant in the form of Common Stock or cash (or any combination of Common Stock and cash) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the SAR Agreement. 
 (e) Transferability. Options and SARs may not be transferred to third party financial institutions for value. The Board may impose such additional limitations on the transferability of an Option or SAR as it determines. In the absence of any such determination by the Board, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply, provided that except as explicitly provided herein, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration and provided, further , that if an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer 
 (i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant provided, however, that the Board may permit transfer of an Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws upon the Participant s request, including to a trust if the Participant is considered to be the sole beneficial owner of such trust (as determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable U.S. state law) while such Option or SAR is held in such trust, provided that the Participant and the trustee enter into a transfer and other agreements required by the Company. 
 (ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the execution of transfer documentation in a format acceptable to the Company and subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order. 
 5 

(f) Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting and or exercisability of an Option or SAR as determined by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company, vesting of Options and SARs will cease upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. 
 (g) Termination of Continuous Service for Cause. Except as explicitly otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Participant s Options and SARs will terminate and be forfeited immediately upon such termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising any portion (including any vested portion) of such Awards on and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in such forfeited Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the forfeited Award, or any consideration in respect of the forfeited Award. 
 (h) Post-Termination Exercise Period Following Termination of Continuous Service for Reasons Other than Cause. Subject to Section 4(i), if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR to the extent vested, but only within the following period of time or, if applicable, such other period of time provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)) 
 (i) three months following the date of such termination if such termination is a termination without Cause (other than any termination due to the Participant s Disability or death) 
 (ii) 12 months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participant s Disability 
 (iii) 18 months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participant s death or 
 (iv) 18 months following the date of the Participant s death if such death occurs following the date of such termination but during the period such Award is otherwise exercisable (as provided in (i) or (ii) above). 
 Following the date of such termination, to the extent the Participant does not exercise such Award within the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period (or, if earlier, prior to the expiration of the maximum term of such Award), such unexercised portion of the Award will terminate, and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in the terminated Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the terminated Award, or any consideration in respect of the terminated Award. 
 
 6 

(i) Restrictions on Exercise Extension of Exercisability. A Participant may not exercise an Option or SAR at any time that the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause and, at any time during the last thirty days of the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period (i) the exercise of the Participant s Option or SAR would be prohibited solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law, or (ii) the immediate sale of any shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise would violate the Company s Trading Policy, then the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period will be extended to the last day of the calendar month that commences following the date the Award would otherwise expire, with an additional extension of the exercise period to the last day of the next calendar month to apply if any of the foregoing restrictions apply at any time during such extended exercise period, generally without limitation as to the maximum permitted number of extensions) provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)). 
 (j) Non-Exempt Employees. No Option or SAR, whether or not vested, granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, will be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with the provisions of the U.S. Worker Economic Opportunity Act, any vested portion of such Award may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant of such Award in the event of (i) such Participant s death or Disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which such Award is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control, or (iv) such Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Award Agreement or another applicable agreement or, in the absence of any such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines). This Section 4(j) is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. 
 (k) Whole Shares. Options and SARs may be exercised only with respect to whole shares of Common Stock or their equivalents. 
 5. AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 
 (a) Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award and RSU Award will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board provided, however, that each Restricted Stock Award Agreement and RSU Award Agreement will conform (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (i) Form of Award. 
 (1) RSAs To the extent consistent with the Company s Bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award 
 7 

may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until such shares become vested or any other restrictions lapse, or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, a Participant will have voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares subject to a Restricted Stock Award. 
 (2) RSUs A RSU Award represents a Participant s right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that is equal to the number of restricted stock units subject to the RSU Award. As a holder of a RSU Award, a Participant is an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company's unfunded obligation, if any, to issue shares of Common Stock in settlement of such Award and nothing contained in the Plan or any RSU Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or any other person. A Participant will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any RSU Award (unless and until shares are actually issued in settlement of a vested RSU Award). 
 (ii) Consideration. The Board shall determine the consideration, if any, payable by a Participant for Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards. Such consideration may include, but is not limited to, cash or check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company. 
 (iii) Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award as determined by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company, vesting of Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards will cease upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. 
 (iv) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason, (i) the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant under his or her Restricted Stock Award that have not vested as of the date of such termination as set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and (ii) any portion of his or her RSU Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon such termination and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in the RSU Award, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the RSU Award, or any consideration in respect of the RSU Award. 
 (v) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. Dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid or credited, as applicable, with respect to any shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award, as determined by the Board and specified in the Award Agreement). 
 (vi) Settlement of RSU Awards . A RSU Award may be settled by the issuance of shares of Common Stock or cash (or any combination thereof) or in any other form 
 8 

of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the RSU Award Agreement. At the time of grant, the Board may determine to impose such restrictions or conditions that delay such delivery to a date following the vesting of the RSU Award. 
 (b) Performance Awards. With respect to any Performance Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, the other terms and conditions of such Award, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be determined by the Board. 
 (c) Other Awards . Other forms of Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Awards provided for under Section 4 and the preceding provisions of this Section 5. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete discretion to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Awards. 
 6. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS. 
 (a) Capitalization Adjustments. In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust (i) the class(es) and maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan and the maximum number of shares by which the Share Reserve may annually increase pursuant to Section 2(a) (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 2(a) and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and exercise price, strike price or purchase price of Common Stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created in order to implement any Capitalization Adjustment. The Board shall determine an appropriate equivalent benefit, if any, for any fractional shares or rights to fractional shares that might be created by the adjustments referred to in the preceding provisions of this Section. 
 (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that the Board may determine to cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 
 9 

(c) Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award. 
 (i) Awards May Be Assumed. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) may assume or continue any or all Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar awards for Awards outstanding under the Plan (including but not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successor s parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent) may choose to assume or continue only a portion of an Award or substitute a similar award for only a portion of an Award, or may choose to assume or continue the Awards held by some, but not all Participants. The terms of any assumption, continuation or substitution will be set by the Board. 
 (ii) Awards Held by Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the Current Participants ), the vesting of such Awards (and, with respect to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the time when such Awards may be exercised) will be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction) as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five (5) days prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). With respect to the vesting of Performance Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and that have multiple vesting levels depending on the level of performance, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or unless otherwise provided by the Board, the vesting of such Performance Awards will accelerate at 100 of the target level upon the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. With respect to the vesting of Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and are settled in the form of a cash payment, such cash payment will be made no later than 30 days following the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (iii) Awards Held by Persons other than Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, 
 10 

continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current Participants, such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction provided, however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will not terminate and may continue to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction. 
 (iv) Payment for Awards in Lieu of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event an Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Award may not exercise such Award but will receive a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value, at the effective time, to the excess, if any, of (1) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including, at the discretion of the Board, any unvested portion of such Award), over (2) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. 
 (d) Appointment of Stockholder Representative. As a condition to the receipt of an Award under this Plan, a Participant will be deemed to have agreed that the Award will be subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on the Participant s behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 
 (e) No Restriction on Right to Undertake Transactions . The grant of any Award under the Plan and the issuance of shares pursuant to any Award does not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, rights or options to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 7. ADMINISTRATION. 
 (a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in subsection (c) below. 
 (b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan 
 (i) To determine from time to time (1) which of the persons eligible under the Plan will be granted Awards (2) when and how each Award will be granted (3) what type or combination of types of Award will be granted (4) the provisions of each Award granted (which need not be identical), including the time or times when a person will be permitted to receive an 
 11 

issuance of Common Stock or other payment pursuant to an Award (5) the number of shares of Common Stock or cash equivalent with respect to which an Award will be granted to each such person (6) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award and (7) the terms of any Performance Award that is not valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock, including the amount of cash payment or other property that may be earned and the timing of payment. 
 (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 
 (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 
 (iv) To accelerate the time at which an Award may first be exercised or the time during which an Award or any part thereof will vest, notwithstanding the provisions in the Award Agreement stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it will vest. 
 (v) To prohibit the exercise of any Option, SAR or other exercisable Award during a period of up to 30 days prior to the consummation of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of Common Stock or the share price of the Common Stock including any Corporate Transaction, for reasons of administrative convenience. 
 (vi) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Suspension or termination of the Plan will not Materially Impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant. 
 (vii) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable provided, however, that stockholder approval will be required for any amendment to the extent required by Applicable Law. Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan will not be Materially Impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 
 (viii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval. 
 (ix) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion provided however , that, a Participant s rights under any Award will not be Materially Impaired 
 12 

by any such amendment unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 
 (x) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 
 (xi) To adopt or amend such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to accommodate the specific requirements of local laws, procedures and practices, permit and facilitate participation in the Plan by, or take advantage of specific tax treatment for Awards granted to, Employees, Directors or Consultants who are non-U.S. nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement to ensure or facilitate compliance with the laws of the relevant non-U.S. jurisdiction). 
 (xii) To effect, at any time and from time to time, subject to the consent of any Participant whose Award is Materially Impaired by such action, (1) the reduction of the exercise price (or strike price) of any outstanding Option or SAR (2) the cancellation of any outstanding Option or SAR and the grant in substitution therefor of (A) a new Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Award, RSU Award or Other Award, under the Plan or another equity plan of the Company, covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock, (B) cash and or (C) other valuable consideration (as determined by the Board) or (3) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (c) Delegation to Committee. 
 (i) General. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to another Committee or a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. Each Committee may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with Committee or subcommittee to which it has delegated its authority hereunder and may, at any time, revest in such Committee some or all of the powers previously delegated. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with any Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 
 (ii) Rule 16b-3 Compliance. To the extent an Award is intended to qualify for the exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act that is available under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, the Award will be granted by the Board or a Committee that consists solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, as determined under Rule 16b-3(b)(3) of the Exchange Act and thereafter any action establishing or modifying the terms of the Award will be approved 
 13 

by the Board or a Committee meeting such requirements to the extent necessary for such exemption to remain available. 
 (d) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board or any Committee in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 
 (e) Delegation to an Officer. The Board or any Committee may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, other types of Awards) and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the terms thereof, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Awards granted to such Employees provided, however, that the resolutions or charter adopted by the Board or any Committee evidencing such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant an Award to himself or herself. Any such Awards will be granted on the applicable form of Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Board or the Committee, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Board nor any Committee may delegate to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) the authority to determine the Fair Market Value. 
 8. TAX WITHHOLDING. 
 (a) Withholding Authorization. As a condition to acceptance of any Award under the Plan, a Participant authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to such Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for (including), any sums required to satisfy any U.S. and or non-U.S. federal, state or local tax or social insurance contribution withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise, vesting or settlement of such Award, as applicable. Accordingly, a Participant may not be able to exercise an Award even though the Award is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 (b) Satisfaction of Withholding Obligation. To the extent permitted by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any U.S. and or non-U.S. federal, state or local tax or social insurance withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash (iv) withholding payment from payroll and or any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant (v) by allowing a Participant to effectuate a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board or (vi) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 
 14 

(c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes No Liability to Claims. Except as required by Applicable Law the Company has no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company has no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award and will not be liable to any holder of an Award for any adverse tax consequences to such holder in connection with an Award. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, each Participant (i) agrees to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from such Award or other Company compensation and (ii) acknowledges that such Participant was advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Award and has either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, each Participant acknowledges any Option or SAR granted under the Plan is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise or strike price is at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Award. Additionally, as a condition to accepting an Option or SAR granted under the Plan, each Participant agrees not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise price or strike price is less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 (d) Withholding Indemnification. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, in the event that the amount of the Company s and or its Affiliate s withholding obligation in connection with such Award was greater than the amount actually withheld by the Company and or its Affiliates, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and or its Affiliates harmless from any failure by the Company and or its Affiliates to withhold the proper amount. 
 9. MISCELLANEOUS. 
 (a) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 
 (b) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 
 (c) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action approving the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the 
 15 

Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents. 
 (d) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to such Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Award pursuant to its terms, if applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award is reflected in the records of the Company. 
 (e) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that a Participant may have with respect to any Award (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the U.S. state or non-U.S. jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. Further, nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award will constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or service or confer any right or benefit under the Award or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of the Award Agreement and or Plan. 
 (f) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board may determine, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, to (i) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (ii) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended. 
 (g) Execution of Additional Documents. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, the Participant agrees to execute any additional documents or instruments necessary or desirable, as determined in the Plan Administrator s sole discretion, to carry out the purposes or intent of the Award, or facilitate compliance with securities and or other regulatory requirements, in each case at the Plan Administrator s request. 
 16 

(h) Electronic Delivery and Participation. Any reference herein or in an Award Agreement to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). By accepting any Award the Participant consents to receive documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through any on- line electronic system established and maintained by the Plan Administrator or another third party selected by the Plan Administrator. The form of delivery of any Common Stock (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
 (i) Clawback Recovery. All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other Applicable Law and any clawback policy that the Company otherwise adopts, to the extent applicable and permissible under Applicable Law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a Participant s right to voluntary terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 (j) Securities Law Compliance. A Participant will not be issued any shares in respect of an Award unless either (i) the shares are registered under the Securities Act or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Award also must comply with other Applicable Law governing the Award, and a Participant will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with Applicable Law. 
 (k) Transfer or Assignment of Awards Issued Shares. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the form of Award Agreement, Awards granted under the Plan may not be transferred or assigned by the Participant. After the vested shares subject to an Award have been issued, or in the case of Restricted Stock and similar awards, after the issued shares have vested, the holder of such shares is free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions herein, the terms of the Trading Policy and Applicable Law. 
 (l) Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of any Award granted under the Plan, as determined upon grant, vesting or settlement, shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating any Participant s benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's or any Affiliate's employee benefit plans. 
 17 

(m) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may also establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by will be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 (n) Section 409A. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months and one day following the date of such Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 
 (o) Choice of Law. This Plan and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in any application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 
 10. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 
 (a) Compliance with Law. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency, as may be deemed to be necessary, having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Awards provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant is not eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any Applicable Law. 
 18 

11. ADDITIONAL RULES FOR AWARDS SUBJECT TO SECTION 409A. 
 (a) Application. Unless the provisions of this Section of the Plan are expressly superseded by the provisions in the form of Award Agreement, the provisions of this Section shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Award Agreement for a Non-Exempt Award. 
 (b) Non-Exempt Awards Subject to Non-Exempt Severance Arrangements. To the extent a Non- Exempt Award is subject to Section 409A due to application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following provisions of this subsection (b) apply. 
 (i) If the Non-Exempt Award vests in the ordinary course during the Participant s Continuous Service in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Award Agreement, and does not accelerate vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, in no event will the shares be issued in respect of such Non-Exempt Award any later than the later of (i) December 31 st of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date, or (ii) the 60 th day that follows the applicable vesting date. 
 (ii) If vesting of the Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with the Participant s Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and, therefore, are part of the terms of such Non-Exempt Award as of the date of grant, then the shares will be earlier issued in settlement of such Non-Exempt Award upon the Participant s Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, but in no event later than the 60 th day that follows the date of the Participant s Separation from Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued the Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death that occurs within such six month period. 
 (iii) If vesting of a Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with a Participant s Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and, therefore, are not a part of the terms of such Non-Exempt Award on the date of grant, then such acceleration of vesting of the Non-Exempt Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the shares, but the shares shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth in the Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course during the Participant s Continuous Service, notwithstanding the vesting acceleration of the Non-Exempt Award. Such issuance schedule is intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a specified date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4). 
 (c) Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for Employees and Consultants. The provisions of this subsection (c) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of 
 19 

any Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction if the Participant was either an Employee or Consultant upon the applicable date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award. 
 (i) Vested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall apply to any Vested Non- Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction 
 (1) If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the settlement of the Vested Non-Exempt Award will automatically be accelerated and the shares will be immediately issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Alternatively, the Company may instead provide that the Participant will receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control. 
 (2) If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue or substitute each Vested Non-Exempt Award. The shares to be issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of the Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (ii) Unvested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall apply to any Unvested Non-Exempt Award unless otherwise determined by the Board pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section. 
 (1) In the event of a Corporate Transaction, the Acquiring Entity shall assume, continue or substitute any Unvested Non-Exempt Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, any Unvested Non- Exempt Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (2) If the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue any Unvested Non- Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then such Award shall automatically terminate and be forfeited upon the Corporate Transaction with no consideration payable to any Participant in respect of such forfeited Unvested Non-Exempt 
 20 

Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Board may in its discretion determine to elect to accelerate the vesting and settlement of the Unvested Non-Exempt Award upon the Corporate Transaction, or instead substitute a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of such shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant, as further provided in subsection (e)(ii) below. In the absence of such discretionary election by the Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be forfeited without payment of any consideration to the affected Participants if the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue the Unvested Non-Exempt Awards in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (3) The foregoing treatment shall apply with respect to all Unvested Non-Exempt Awards upon any Corporate Transaction, and regardless of whether or not such Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control. 
 (d) Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for Non-Employee Directors. The following provisions of this subsection (d) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of a Non-Exempt Director Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction. 
 (i) If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the vesting and settlement of any Non-Exempt Director Award will automatically be accelerated and the shares will be immediately issued to the Participant in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award. Alternatively, the Company may provide that the Participant will instead receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control pursuant to the preceding provision. 
 (ii) If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Non-Exempt Director Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (e) If the RSU Award is a Non-Exempt Award, then the provisions in this Section 11(e) shall apply and supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement with respect to the permitted treatment of such Non-Exempt Award 
 21 

(i) Any exercise by the Board of discretion to accelerate the vesting of a Non-Exempt Award shall not result in any acceleration of the scheduled issuance dates for the shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award unless earlier issuance of the shares upon the applicable vesting dates would be in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 (ii) The Company explicitly reserves the right to earlier settle any Non-Exempt Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix). 
 (iii) To the extent the terms of any Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Change in Control or Corporate Transaction event triggering settlement must also constitute a Section 409A Change in Control. To the extent the terms of a Non-Exempt Award provides that it will be settled upon a termination of employment or termination of Continuous Service, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the termination event triggering settlement must also constitute a Separation From Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued to a Participant in connection with a separation from service such Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date of the Participant s Separation From Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death that occurs within such six month period. 
 (iv) The provisions in this subsection (e) for delivery of the shares in respect of the settlement of a RSU Award that is a Non-Exempt Award are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that the delivery of the shares to the Participant in respect of such Non-Exempt Award will not trigger the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted. 
 12. SEVERABILITY. 
 If all or any part of the Plan or any Award Agreement is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of the Plan or such Award Agreement not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of the Plan or any Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 13. TERMINATION OF THE PLAN. 
 The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the Adoption Date, or (ii) the date 
 22 

the Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 14. DEFINITIONS. 
 As used in the Plan, the following definitions apply to the capitalized terms indicated below 
 (a) Acquiring Entity means the surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) in connection with a Corporate Transaction. 
 (b) Adoption Date means the date the Plan is first approved by the Board or Compensation Committee. 
 (c) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Board may determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
 (d) Applicable Law means the Code, any applicable U.S. and or non-U.S. securities, federal, state, foreign, material local or municipal or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, listing rule, regulation, judicial decision, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Body (including under the authority of any applicable self-regulating organization such as the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority). 
 (e) Award means any right to receive Common Stock, cash or other property granted under the Plan (including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a RSU Award, a SAR, a Performance Award or any Other Award). 
 (f) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. The Award Agreement generally consists of the Grant Notice and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. 
 (g) Board means the board of directors of the Company (or its designee). Any decision or determination made by the Board shall be a decision or determination that is made in the sole discretion of the Board (or its designee), and such decision or determination shall be final and binding on all Participants. 
 (h) Capital Stock means each and every class of common stock of the Company, regardless of the number of votes per share. 
 (i) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, 
 23 

consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
 (j) Cause has the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events (i) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company or an Affiliate (ii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, or of any statutory duty owed to the Company or an Affiliate (iii) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company or an Affiliate s confidential information or trade secrets or (iv) such Participant s gross or willful misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Board with respect to Participants who are executive officers of the Company and by the Company s Chief Executive Officer with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, as the case may be, or such Participant for any other purpose. 
 (k) Change in Control or Change of Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events provided, however, to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal income tax consequences to the Participant in connection with an Award, also constitutes a Section 409A Change in Control 
 (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition 
 24 

had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur 
 (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction 
 (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition or 
 (iv) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, and (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant shall supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement provided, however, that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition shall apply. 
 (l) Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 (m) Committee means the Compensation Committee and any other committee of Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board or Compensation Committee in accordance with the Plan. 
 (n) Common Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company. 
 25 

(o) Company means Coupang, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor corporation thereto. 
 (p) Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (q) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 
 (r) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by Applicable Law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (s) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 26 

(ii) a sale or other disposition of at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company 
 (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation or 
 (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
 (t) Director means a member of the Board. 
 (u) determine or determined means as determined by the Board or the Committee (or its designee) in its sole discretion. 
 (v) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, such Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
 (w) Effective Date means immediately prior to the IPO Date, provided this Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders prior to the IPO Date. 
 (x) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 
 (y) Employer means the Company or the Affiliate that employs the Participant. 
 (z) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
 (aa) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (ab) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company or (v) any 
 27 

natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 (ac) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the value of the Common Stock (as determined on a per share or aggregate basis, as applicable) determined as follows 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 
 (ii) If there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 
 (iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, or if otherwise determined by the Board, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 
 (ad) Governmental Body means any (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature (b) U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local, municipal, or other government (c) governmental or regulatory body, or quasi-governmental body of any nature (including any governmental division, department, administrative agency or bureau, commission, authority, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center, organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal, and for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax authority) or other body exercising similar powers or authority or (d) self- regulatory organization (including the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority). 
 (ae) Grant Notice means the notice provided to a Participant that he or she has been granted an Award under the Plan and which includes the name of the Participant, the type of Award, the date of grant of the Award, number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Award or potential cash payment right, (if any), the vesting schedule for the Award (if any) and other key terms applicable to the Award. 
 (af) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 (ag) IPO Date means the date of the underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock is priced for the initial public offering. 
 28 

(ah) Materially Impair means any amendment to the terms of the Award that materially adversely affects the Participant s rights under the Award. A Participant's rights under an Award will not be deemed to have been Materially Impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant's rights. For example, the following types of amendments to the terms of an Award do not Materially Impair the Participant s rights under the Award (i) imposition of reasonable restrictions on the minimum number of shares subject to an Option that may be exercised (ii) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code (iii) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option in a manner that disqualifies, impairs or otherwise affects the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code (iv) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with or qualify it for an exemption from, Section 409A or (v) to comply with other Applicable Laws. 
 (ai) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 
 (aj) Non-Exempt Award means any Award that is subject to, and not exempt from, Section 409A, including as the result of (i) a deferral of the issuance of the shares subject to the Award which is elected by the Participant or imposed by the Company, (ii) the terms of any Non-Exempt Severance Agreement. 
 (ak) Non-Exempt Director Award means a Non-Exempt Award granted to a Participant who was a Director but not an Employee on the applicable grant date. 
 (al) Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement means a severance arrangement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company that provides for acceleration of vesting of an Award and issuance of the shares in respect of such Award upon the Participant s termination of employment or separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder) Separation from Service and such severance benefit does not satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9) or otherwise. 
 (am) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (an) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 29 

(ao) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 (ap) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and the Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of the Option grant. The Option Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Option and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Option and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (aq) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 
 (ar) Other Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(c). 
 (as) Other Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Award grant. Each Other Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (at) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership means that a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
 (au) Participant means an Employee, Director or Consultant to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award. 
 (av) Performance Award means an Award that may vest or may be exercised or a cash award that may vest or become earned and paid contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals and which is granted under the terms and conditions of Section 5(b) pursuant to such terms as are approved by the Board. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash or other property may be used in payment of Performance Awards. Performance Awards that are settled in cash or other property are not required to be valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock. 
 (aw) Performance Criteria means the one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any measure of performance selected by the Board. 
 (ax) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. 
 30 

Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows (1) to exclude restructuring and or other nonrecurring charges (2) to exclude exchange rate effects (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates (5) to exclude the effects of items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently as determined under generally accepted accounting principles (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends (9) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to expense under generally accepted accounting principles and (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, the Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. 
 (ay) Performance Period means the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to vesting or exercise of an Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board. 
 (az) Plan means this Coupang, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 (ba) Plan Administrator means the person, persons, and or third-party administrator designated by the Company to administer the day to day operations of the Plan and the Company s other equity incentive programs. 
 (bb) Post-Termination Exercise Period means the period following termination of a Participant s Continuous Service within which an Option or SAR is exercisable, as specified in Section 4(h). 
 31 

(bc) Prior Plan means the Coupang, LLC Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 (bd) Prospectus means the document containing the Plan information specified in Section 10(a) of the Securities Act. 
 (be) Restricted Stock Award or RSA means an Award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a). 
 (bf) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. The Restricted Stock Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Restricted Stock Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Restricted Stock Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (bg) Returning Shares means shares subject to outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plan and that following the Effective Date (A) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such stock award having been issued (B) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof is settled in cash (C) are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares (D) are withheld or required to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price or (E) are withheld or reacquired to satisfy a tax withholding obligation. 
 (bh) RSU Award or RSU means an Award of restricted stock units representing the right to receive an issuance of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a). 
 (bi) RSU Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a RSU Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a RSU Award grant. The RSU Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the RSU Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the RSU Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each RSU Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (bj) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
 (bk) Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 (bl) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder. 
 (bm) Section 409A Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, as 
 32 

provided in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (bn) Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (bo) Share Reserve means the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan as set forth in Section 2(a). 
 (bp) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 4. 
 (bq) SAR Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a SAR evidencing the terms and conditions of a SAR grant. The SAR Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the SAR and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the SAR and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each SAR Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (br) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 
 (bs) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 (bt) Trading Policy means the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell Company shares only during certain window periods and or otherwise restricts the ability of certain individuals to transfer or encumber Company shares, as in effect from time to time. 
 (bu) Unvested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had not vested in accordance with its terms upon or prior to the date of any Corporate Transaction. 
 (bv) Vested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had vested in accordance with its terms upon or prior to the date of a Corporate Transaction. 
 
 33 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 cpng-12312022exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Significant Subsidiaries of Coupang, Inc. 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction Coupang Global LLC Delaware, USA Coupang Corp. Korea Coupang Pay, Ltd. Korea Coupang Fulfillment Services Ltd. Korea 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 cpng-12312022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-254117, 333-254426, and 333-263270) of Coupang, Inc. of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s Samil PricewaterhouseCoopers Seoul, Korea March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cpng-12312022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bom Kim, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Coupang, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 COUPANG, INC. By s Bom Kim Bom Kim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cpng-12312022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gaurav Anand, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Coupang, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 COUPANG, INC. By s Gaurav Anand Gaurav Anand Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 cpng-12312022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bom Kim, the Chief Executive Officer of Coupang, Inc., certify, to the best of my knowledge and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Coupang, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Coupang, Inc. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 By s Bom Kim Bom Kim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 cpng-12312022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gaurav Anand, the Chief Financial Officer of Coupang, Inc., certify, to the best of my knowledge and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Coupang, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Coupang, Inc. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 By s Gaurav Anand Gaurav Anand Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cpng-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cpng-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cpng-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cpng-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cpng-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

