<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1054905_0001193125-23-044405.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12529211</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>291669</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2098265</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4527000</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2519766</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2620337</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-044405.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222110418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-044405
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNOSPEC INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001054905
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		IRS NUMBER:				981081725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13879
		FILM NUMBER:		23651138

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8310 SOUTH VALLEY HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7203556451

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8310 SOUTH VALLEY HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OCTEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-044405.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 d260528d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUALREPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 
 , 

or

TRANSITIONREPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in 
 its

 charter) 

DELAWARE 

State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 () 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

, par value 0.01 per share

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such fil
ing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation 
 S-T

 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a 
 non-accelerated

 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 
 12b-2

 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange 

 Act. 

Indicate 

by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If 

securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 
 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 
 12b-2

 of the Act
). 

Yes 
 No 

The 

aggregate market value of the voting and 
 non-voting

 common equity held by 
 non-affiliates

 of the registrant as of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was approximately 
 
 million, based on the closing price of the common shares on the NASDAQ on June 30, 2022. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director and by each beneficial owner who owns 5 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

 As of February 15, 2023, 
 
 shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of Innospec Inc. s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 4, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 
 10-K.

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

2 

Item 1 
 
 Business 

2 

Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 

11 

Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

23 

Item 2 
 
 Properties 

24 

Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

25 

Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

25 

PART II 

26 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

26 

Item 6 
 
 [Reserved] 

28 

Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

29 

Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

47 

Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

50 

Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

98 

Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

98 

Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 

99 

Item 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

99 

PART III 

99 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

99 

Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 

100 

Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

100 

Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

100 

Item 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

100 

PART IV 

101 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

101 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

104 

SIGNATURES 

105 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELATIVE TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts included or incorporated herein may constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include statements (covered by words like expects, estimates, anticipates, may, could, believes, feels, plans, intends or similar words or expressions, for example) which relate to earnings, growth potential, operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future. Although forward-looking statements are believed by management to be reasonable when made, they are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and our actual performance or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You are urged to review our discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking statements under the heading Risk Factors. Innospec undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business When we use the terms Innospec, the Corporation, the Company, Registrant, we, us and our, we are referring to Innospec Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires. General Innospec develops, manufactures, blends, markets and supplies a wide range of specialty chemicals to markets in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific. Our Performance Chemicals business creates innovative technology-based solutions for our customers in the personal care, home care, agrochemical, mining and industrial markets. Our Fuel Specialties business specializes in manufacturing and supplying fuel additives that improve fuel efficiency, boost engine performance and reduce harmful emissions. Our Oilfield Services business supplies drilling, completion and production chemicals which make exploration and production more effective, cost-efficient and environmentally friendly. Segment Information The Company reports its financial performance based on three reportable segments which are Performance Chemicals, Fuel Specialties and Oilfield Services. Our Octane Additives segment has previously ceased trading and is no longer a reporting segment from July 1, 2020, as reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. For financial information about each of our segments, see Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Performance Chemicals Our Performance Chemicals segment provides innovative technology-based solutions for our customers processes or products focused in the personal care, home care, agrochemical, mining and other industrial markets. This segment has grown through acquisitions, together with the organic development and marketing of innovative products in these end-markets. Our customers in this segment include large multinational companies, manufacturers of personal care and home care products and global mining, agriculture and building products and other industrial companies. Fuel Specialties Our Fuel Specialties segment develops, manufactures, blends, markets and supplies a range of specialty chemical products used as additives in diesel, jet, marine, fuel oil and other fuels. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

These fuel additive products help improve fuel efficiency, boost engine performance and reduce harmful emissions; and are most commonly used in the efficient operation of commercial trucking, marine and aviation engines, power station generators, heating oil and other industrial machinery applications. The segment has grown organically through our development of new products to address increased demand for fuel, focus on fuel economy, higher efficiency engine technologies and legislative developments, including tightening global emissions regulations. We are also applying these fuels technologies to an increasing number of non-fuel applications in a variety of industries. Our customers in this segment include national and multinational oil companies, fuel marketers and retailers, fuel terminals, marine lines, coating plastics producers and other heavy industrial end-users. Oilfield Services Our Oilfield Services segment develops and markets chemical solutions for fracturing, drilling, stimulation and completion operations, products for oil and gas production and transport which aid flow assurance and maintain asset integrity. Our customers in this segment include multinational public and independent exploration production and oilfield services companies currently operating principally in the Americas. Strategy Our strategy is to develop new and improved products and technologies to continue to strengthen and increase our market positions within our Performance Chemicals, Fuel Specialties and Oilfield Services segments. We also actively continue to assess potential strategic acquisitions, partnerships and other opportunities that would enhance and expand our customer offering. We focus on opportunities that would extend our technology base, geographical coverage or product portfolio. We believe that focusing on the Performance Chemicals, Fuel Specialties and Oilfield Services segments, in which the Company has existing experience, expertise and knowledge, provides opportunities for positive returns on investment with reduced operating risk. We also continue to expand our geographical footprint, consistent with the development of global markets. Geographical Area Information Financial information with respect to our domestic and foreign operations is contained in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Working Capital The nature of our customers businesses generally requires us to hold appropriate amounts of inventory in order to respond quickly to customers needs. We therefore require corresponding amounts of working capital for normal operations. We do not believe that this is materially different to our competitors. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

The purchase of large amounts of certain raw materials across all our segments can create some variations in working capital requirements, but these are planned and managed by the business. We do not believe that our terms of sale or purchase differ markedly from those of our competitors. Raw Materials and Product Supply We use a variety of raw materials and chemicals in our manufacturing and blending processes and believe that sources for these are adequate for our current operations. Our major purchases are oleochemicals and derivatives, cetane number improvers, ethylene, various solvents, amines, alcohols, olefin and polyacrylamides. These purchases account for a substantial portion of the Company s variable manufacturing costs. These materials are, with the exception of ethylene for our operations in Germany, available from more than one source. Although ethylene is, in theory, available from several sources, it is not permissible to transport ethylene by road in Germany. As a result, we source ethylene for our German operations via a direct pipeline, making it effectively a single source. Ethylene is used as a primary raw material for one of our German operations in products representing approximately 5 of Innospec s sales. We use long-term contracts (generally with fixed or formula-based costs) and advance bulk purchases to help ensure availability and continuity of supply, and to manage the risk of cost increases. From time to time, for some raw materials, the risk of cost increases is managed with commodity swaps. We continue to monitor the situation and adjust our procurement strategies as we deem appropriate. The Company forecasts its raw material requirements substantially in advance, and seeks to build long-term relationships and contractual positions with supply partners to safeguard its raw material positions. In addition, the Company operates an extensive risk management program which seeks to source key raw materials from multiple sources and to develop suitable contingency plans. Intellectual Property Our intellectual property, including trademarks, patents and licenses, forms a significant part of the Company s competitive advantage for all our segments. The Company does not, however, consider its business as a whole to be dependent on any one trademark, patent or license. The Company has a portfolio of trademarks and patents, both granted and in the application stage, covering products and processes in several jurisdictions. The majority of these patents were developed by the Company and, subject to maintenance obligations including the payment of renewal fees, have at least 10 years life remaining. The trademark Innospec and the Innospec device in Classes 1, 2 and 4 of the International Classification of Goods and Services for the Purposes of the Registration of Marks are 
 4 

Table of Contents 

registered in all jurisdictions in which the Company has a significant market presence. The Company also has trademark registrations for certain product names in all jurisdictions in which it has a significant market presence. We actively protect our inventions, new technologies, and product developments by filing patent applications and maintaining trade secrets. In addition, we vigorously participate in patent opposition proceedings around the world where necessary to secure a technology base free from infringement of intellectual property. Customers In 2022, the Company had a significant customer in the Oilfield Services segment which accounted for 222.2 million (11.3 of our net group sales. Competition Certain markets in which the Company operates are subject to significant competition. The Company competes on the basis of a number of factors including, but not limited to, product quality and performance, specialized product lines, customer relationships and service, and regulatory expertise. Performance Chemicals: Within the Performance Chemicals segment we operate in the personal care, home care, agrochemical, mining markets and other industrial markets, which are highly fragmented, and the Company experiences substantial competition from a large number of multinational and specialty chemical suppliers in each geographical market. Our competitive position in these markets is based on us supplying a superior, diverse product portfolio which solves particular customer problems or enhances the performance of new or existing products. In a number of specialty chemicals markets, we also supply niche product lines, where we enjoy market-leading positions. Fuel Specialties: The Fuel Specialties segment is generally characterized by a small number of competitors, none of which hold a dominant position. We consider our competitive edge to be our proven technical development capacity, independence from major oil companies and strong long-term customer relationships. We believe we remain the world s only producer of tetra ethyl lead TEL for use in aviation gasoline, which we market as our AvGas product line. Oilfield Services: Our Oilfield Services segment is very fragmented and although there are a small number of very large competitors, there are also a large number of smaller players focused on specific technologies or regions. Our competitive strength is our proven technology, broad regional coverage and strong customer relationships. Research, Development, Testing and Technical Support Research, product/application development and technical support R D provide the basis for the growth of our Performance Chemicals, Fuel Specialties and Oilfield Services 
 5 

Table of Contents 

segments. Accordingly, the Company s R D activity has been, and will continue to be, focused on the development of new products and formulations. Our R D department provides technical support for all of our reporting segments. Expenditures to support R D services were 38.7 million, 37.4 million and 30.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We believe that our proven technical capabilities provide us with a significant competitive advantage. Our Performance Chemicals business has launched significant new mild surfactants, which are well aligned with developing customer needs. In addition, the business has developed further formulations in emollients, silicones and surfactants for the personal care, home care, agrochemical, mining markets and other industrial markets. Fuel Specialties has continued to innovate, focused on bringing new technologies to market which reduce pollution and improve fuel economy, including detergents and cold flow improvers. In Oilfield Services, new technologies have been introduced to improve the hydrocarbon yield from customers operations and to protect assets, including friction modifiers, biocide formulations and additives to improve drilling muds. Health, Safety and Environmental Matters We are subject to environmental laws in the countries in which we operate and conduct business. Management believes that the Company is in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and has made the necessary provisions for the continued costs of compliance with environmental laws. Our principal site giving rise to asset retirement obligations is our Ellesmere Port manufacturing site in the United Kingdom. There are also asset retirement obligations and environmental remediation liabilities on a much smaller scale in respect of other manufacturing sites. We regularly review the future expected costs of remediation and the current estimate is reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The European Union E.U. legislation known as the Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemical Substances Regulations REACH requires most of the substances in the Company s products to be registered with the European Chemicals Agency. Under this legislation the Company has to demonstrate that the substances it uses in its products are safe for use and appropriate for their intended purposes in the E.U.. During this registration and continual evaluation process, the Company incurs expenses to test and register substances it manufactures or imports in the E.U.. Following the end of the Brexit transition process, on January 11, 2021 the United Kingdom U.K. government introduced U.K. REACH with the same registration requirements for substances produced in or imported into the U.K.. Furthermore, globally, similar regulatory regimes to the E.U. and U.K. REACH are also entering into force or are being proposed in several other countries. These registration based regulatory regimes will result in increasing test expenses and registration fees to ensure Innospec products remain compliant with the appropriate regulations and can continue to be sold in these markets. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Environmental, Social Governance ESG and Corporate Social Responsibility Reporting As part of our commitment to being open and transparent about our performance, our latest Responsible Business Report, which is our 2021 Report, was independently assured to assess its adherence to the globally recognized AA1000 Assurance Standard. The Responsible Business Report, along with further information on our sustainability program and performance is available online in the Corporate Social Responsibility section of the Company s website at https://innospecsustainability.com . Such information does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Employees and Human Capital Management The Company had approximately 2,100 employees in 25 countries as at December 31, 2022. Human capital management is critical to Innospec s ongoing business success, which requires investing in our people. Our aim is to create a highly engaged and motivated workforce where employees are inspired by leadership, engaged in purpose-driven, meaningful work and have opportunities for growth and development. An effective approach to human capital management requires that we invest in talent, development, culture and employee engagement. We aim to create an environment where our employees are encouraged to make positive contributions and fulfill their potential. The Company s Board of Directors (the Board is also actively involved in reviewing and approving executive compensation, selections and succession plans so that we have leadership in place with the requisite skills and experience to deliver results the right way. The Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO periodically provides the Board with an assessment of senior executives that have potential as successor for the CEO position, as well as perspectives on potential candidates for other senior management positions. Core Values Culture Responsible Growth through Innovation and Customer Service: Financial stability and growth are essential to maintain our goal of making a positive contribution towards a more sustainable future. Generating economic benefits for our employees, stockholders, and local communities, while encouraging ongoing innovation in our product portfolio alongside excellent customer service which will allow our business to be competitive and sustainable. Caring for People: We strive to create a safe and caring culture where our employees are supported and encouraged to make positive contributions. Our continued success depends on keeping people safe, promoting a healthy lifestyle, protecting human rights, improving education, training and maintaining good relations with our neighbors. Conserving Protecting the Environment: We aim to use resources as efficiently as practicable and minimize the impact of our operations on the environment. We look to supply 
 7 

Table of Contents 

safe, sustainable products, designed to meet the needs of society now and in the future while minimizing their environmental impact. Leading by Example: We understand that honest, ethical and transparent conduct is vital to our success and reputation. Every employee plays an essential part in complying with local and national laws, rules and regulations. We uphold a high standard of corporate and business integrity across all of our activities. Employee Engagement Attracting Talent: We believe our hardworking team of employees is our greatest asset. We employ approximately 2,100 people across 25 countries and we believe that the skills, commitment and enthusiasm of our employees helps us to deliver long-term growth for investors. Training: Across our sites, we provide local support and opportunities for the next generation of talent in our industry by offering a range of placements, internships, work experience and apprenticeships. We strive to attract and retain the best talent in a changing and competitive working environment. As an organization, we are committed to making Innospec a great company to work for and we invest, as appropriate, in the development of our employees to meet this ambition. Our employees are offered both internal and external training, where appropriate, to support their continued development and to meet the needs of our business. Where relevant, we support our employees ongoing professional training and development to encourage their progression within our business. Pay and Benefits: We offer what we believe are competitive reward and recognition programs, based on both business-wide and individual performance. Our packages have been designed to attract and retain the best employees, reward achievement and encourage our teams to deliver superior performance for our customers and our company. In addition to our company-wide performance incentive plans, we encourage our employees to share in the long-term success of our company with incentive programs, such as our Global Sharesave Plan. This plan gives employees the opportunity to participate in a savings plan linked to an option to buy shares in Innospec at a discount and, therefore, benefit from any growth in the share price over the savings period. We also provide a range of other benefits in line with the market practice in each location we operate in, including insurance and pension arrangements. Performance Management Framework: We conduct an annual performance management process across the organization. Together with their line managers, employees agree upon annual objectives, and, at the end of the year, review with their line manager their performance against those objectives and their overall performance. The results of each annual performance review affect performance bonus amounts, pay reviews and career advancement decisions. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Senior Leadership Communications and Transparency: We actively seek opportunities for regular engagement and communication by our CEO and other senior executives with our broader employee population. Communications are through a variety of means including written communications, webcasts and conference calls. For example, we hold a CEO Call at least once a year, during which the CEO and CFO discuss current issues and developments in the business, including a Q A session answering questions raised by employees. The CEO Call is accessible to all employees across the Company. In addition to the CEO Calls, each financial quarter, following the quarterly financial results announcement, the CEO and CFO provide a written review of the financial results to all employees. Diversity and Inclusion Innospec aims to attract and retain the best people by ensuring that employment decisions are based on merit, performance, ability and contribution to the Company. As part of our Global HR Policy, our diversity and equal opportunities policy ensures that current and prospective employees receive equal opportunities irrespective of gender, sexual orientation, race, color, ethnic or national origin, marital status, age, disability, religion or belief. Health and Safety Objectives: We prioritize the safety of employees, communities and everyone involved in the manufacture, use or disposal of our products. We set high standards for process and occupational safety, which is managed by our network of Safety, Health and Environment SHE professionals throughout the business. Our three core objectives being that: 

No-one gets hurt 

We don t annoy our neighbors 

We leave only the gentlest footprints on our environment Leadership : The Company periodically reviews the Corporate SHE structure and organization so that we have the optimum resources and correct approach. We strive to embed SHE in our culture by having leadership that comes from executive management. Our Responsible Care Executive Committee (known as RESPECT) comprises members of the senior leadership team and is led by the CEO. RESPECT is responsible for setting the group s SHE and Sustainability policies and objectives across the global business. It also monitors ongoing performance in these areas throughout the year. Through this structure, we have established a strong culture of safety within our organization. Training: Training is an essential part of our health and safety strategy. To minimize the risk of accident or injury, we give our employees the information they need, delivered effectively and at the appropriate time. Our ongoing training programs demonstrate our commitment to targeting zero accidents, making sure that safety is always front of mind and that we continually raise standards. Every year, employees across our sites take part in a variety of site-specific training courses to enable them to be competent and safe in their roles. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Available Information Our corporate website is www.innospec.com . We make available, free of charge, on or through this website our annual, quarterly and current reports, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with, or furnishing it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. The Company routinely posts important information for investors on its website (under Investors). The Company uses this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation FD Fair Disclosure ). Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investors portion of the Company s website, in addition to following the Company s press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A Risk Factors The factors described below represent the principal risks associated with our business. Global Conditions Competition and market conditions may adversely affect our operating results. In certain markets, our competitors are larger than us and may have greater access to financial, technological and other resources. As a result, competitors may be better able to adapt to changes in conditions in our industries, fluctuations in the costs of raw materials or changes in global economic conditions. Competitors may also be able to introduce new products with enhanced features that may cause a decline in the demand and sales of our products. Consolidation of customers or competitors, or economic problems of customers in our markets could cause a loss of market share for our products, place downward pressure on prices, result in payment delays or non-payment, or declining plant utilization rates. These risks could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Russian military invasion of the sovereign state of Ukraine. On February 24, 2022, Russia launched an invasion into Ukraine which has had some effect on our ability to obtain and import certain raw materials used to manufacture our products and our ability to export and sell our products in these countries. The ongoing conflict, and sanctions imposed upon Russia and Belarus, may impact on the Company s sales, cost of procuring raw materials or distribution costs in future periods. The wider implications of the conflict have driven up the cost of energy and utilities used to operate our manufacturing plants, particularly in Europe, with the further potential for issues relating to the supply of energy, particularly natural gas, for our manufacturing sites in countries reliant on supplies from Russia. The fluidity and continuation of the conflict may result in additional economic sanctions and other impacts which could have a negative impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. These include decreased sales; supply chain and logistics disruptions; volatility in foreign exchange rates and interest rates; inflationary pressures on raw materials and energy; and heightened cybersecurity threats. Continuing adverse global economic conditions could materially affect our current and future businesses. Global economic factors affecting our business include, but are not limited to, geopolitical instability in some markets, consumer demand for premium personal care and cosmetic products, miles driven by passenger and commercial vehicles, legislation to control fuel quality, impact of alternative propulsion systems, and oil and gas drilling and production rates. The availability, cost and terms of credit have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the foregoing factors and these circumstances have produced, and may in the future result in, illiquid markets and wider credit spreads, which may make it difficult or more expensive for us to obtain credit. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

The level of inflation and energy costs, particularly in Europe, may result in an adverse impact to the Group s results from employee wages and other costs of operations of our manufacturing sites. Continuing uncertainties in the U.S. and international markets and economies leading to a decline in business and consumer spending could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Domestic or international natural disasters or terrorist attacks may disrupt our operations, decrease the demand for our products or otherwise have an adverse impact on our business. Chemical related assets, and U.S. corporations such as us, may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other possible targets in the U.S., the U.K. and throughout the world. Extraordinary events such as natural disasters may negatively affect local economies, including those of our customers or suppliers. The occurrence and consequences of such events cannot be predicted, but they can adversely impact economic conditions in general and in our specific markets. The resulting damage from such events could include loss of life, severe injury and property damage or site closure. Any of these matters could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. While Innospec maintains business continuity plans that are intended to allow it to continue operations or mitigate the effects of events that could disrupt its business, Innospec cannot provide assurances that its plans would fully protect it from all such events. In addition, insurance maintained by Innospec to protect against property damage, loss of business and other related consequences resulting from catastrophic events is subject to coverage limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. This insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of Innospec s damages or damages to others in the event of a catastrophe. In addition, insurance related to these types of risks may not be available now or, if available, may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable rates. Our business and operations have been, and may in the future, be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks of disease and other adverse public health developments, including COVID-19. Epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks of novel diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries and states where we operate may arise at any time. Such developments, including the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and in the future may have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These effects include a potentially negative impact on the availability of our key personnel, labor shortages and increased turnover, temporary closures of our facilities or facilities of our business partners, customers, suppliers, third-party service providers or other vendors, and interruption of domestic and global supply chains, distribution channels and liquidity and capital or financial markets. In particular, restrictions on or disruptions of transportation, port closures or increased border controls or closures, or other impacts on domestic and global supply chains or distribution channels, could increase our costs for raw materials and commodity costs, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

increase demand for raw materials and commodities from competing purchasers, limit our ability to meet customer demand or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or cash flows. Precautionary measures that we may take in the future intended to limit the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, disease outbreak or other public health development, may result in additional costs. In addition, such epidemics, pandemics, disease outbreaks or other public health developments may adversely affect economies and financial markets throughout the world, such as the effect that COVID-19 has had on world economies and financial markets, which may affect our ability to obtain additional financing for our businesses and demand for our products and services. The extent to which COVID-19 or other pandemics will impact our business and our financial results in the future will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Such developments may include ongoing spread of the virus, disease severity, outbreak duration, extent of any reoccurrence of the coronavirus or any evolutions or mutations of the virus, and availability, administration and effectiveness of vaccines and development of therapeutic treatments that can restore consumer and business economic confidence. Business Operations We face risks related to our foreign operations that may adversely affect our business. We serve global markets and operate in certain countries with political and economic instability, including the Middle East, Northern Africa, Asia-Pacific, Eastern Europe and South American regions. Our international operations are subject to numerous international business risks including, but not limited to, geopolitical and economic conditions, military actions and war, risk of expropriation, import and export restrictions, trade wars, exchange controls, national and regional labor strikes, high or unexpected taxes, government royalties and restrictions on repatriation of earnings or proceeds from liquidated assets of overseas subsidiaries. Any of these could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We may not be able to consummate, finance or successfully integrate future acquisitions, partnerships or other opportunities into our business, which could hinder our strategy or result in unanticipated expenses and losses. Part of our strategy is to pursue strategic acquisitions, partnerships and other opportunities to complement and expand our existing business. The success of these transactions depends on our ability to efficiently complete transactions, integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and apply our internal control processes to these acquired businesses. Consummating acquisitions, partnerships or other opportunities and integrating acquisitions involves considerable expense, resources and management time commitments, and our failure to manage these as intended could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. Post-acquisition integration may result in unforeseen difficulties and may deplete significant financial and management resources that could otherwise be available for the ongoing 
 13 

Table of Contents 

development or expansion of existing operations. Furthermore, we may not realize the benefits of an acquisition in the way we anticipated when we first entered the transaction. Any of these risks could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our success depends on our management team and other key personnel, the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations. Our future success will depend in substantial part on the continued services of our senior management. The loss of the services of one or more of our key executive personnel could affect the implementation of our business plan and result in reduced profitability. Our future success also depends on the continued ability to attract, develop, retain and motivate highly-qualified technical and support staff. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to retain our key personnel or attract or retain qualified personnel in the future. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts in this regard, this could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. An information technology system failure may adversely affect our business. We rely on information technology systems to transact our business. Like other global companies, we and our third party service providers have, from time to time, been and will likely in the future be, subject to or targets of unauthorized or fraudulent access, including, but not limited to, physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering, as well as attempted cyber and other security threats and other computer-related penetrations including by state actors, terrorists or organized crime. Also, like other global companies, we have an increasing challenge of attracting and retaining highly qualified security personnel to assist us in combatting these security threats. The frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to increase, with malicious actors frequently changing tactics and techniques. These threats often become further heightened in connection with geopolitical tensions. Although we have implemented administrative and technical controls and take protective actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and breaches of our information technology, and we endeavor to modify such procedures as circumstances warrant, such measures may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems. Our systems, processes, software and network and those of our third party service providers may be vulnerable to internal or external security breaches, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code or cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, power interruptions, hardware failures, fire, natural disasters, human error, system failures and disruptions, and other events that could have security consequences. An information technology failure or disruption could prevent us from being able to process transactions with our customers, operate our manufacturing facilities, and properly report those transactions in a timely manner. Our information technology costs may increase to ensure the appropriate level of cyber security as we continuously adapt to the changing technological environment. While we have limited insurance coverage in place that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, this insurance coverage is subject to certain 
 14 

Table of Contents 

limitations and may not be applicable to a particular incident or otherwise be sufficient to cover all our losses beyond any coverage limitations. Furthermore, a significant or protracted information technology system failure may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Decline in our AvGas business The sales of our AvGas product line for use in aviation fuel are recorded within our Fuel Specialties business. The piston aviation industry has been, and is currently, researching a safe replacement fuel to replace leaded fuel. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration FAA program (Piston Aviation Fuels Initiative) has been established to identify a replacement fuel, and candidate fuels are at an early pre-screening stage. In 2022, the FAA created a new team named Eliminate Aviation Gasoline Lead Emissions EAGLE ). This is a government-industry partnership that also encompasses fuel producers and distributors, airport operators, communities that support general aviation airports, and environmental experts. The most significant announcement impacting the Company is the stated aim of EAGLE to eliminate lead emissions from general aviation by the end of 2030. There are also regulatory projects underway for the European Union, which are considering the phase out of leaded fuel for the aviation industry earlier than the FAA timetable. While we expect that at some point in the future a replacement fuel will be identified, trialed and supplied to the industry, there is no currently available alternative. If a suitable product is identified and the use of leaded fuel is prohibited in piston aviation the Company s future operating income and cash flows from operating activities would be adversely impacted. Failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our future performance and cash flows. Failure to maintain or protect our intellectual property rights may result in the loss of valuable technologies, or us having to pay other companies for infringing on their intellectual property rights. Measures taken by us to protect our intellectual property may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or rendered unenforceable. In addition, international intellectual property laws may be more restrictive or may offer lower levels of protection than under U.S. law. We may also face patent infringement claims from our competitors which may result in substantial litigation costs, claims for damages or a tarnishing of our reputation even if we are successful in defending against these claims, which may cause our customers to switch to our competitors. Any of these events could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Industry Matters Trends in oil and gas prices affect the level of exploration, development and production activity of our customers, and the demand for our services and products, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Demand for our services and products in our Oilfield Services business is particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development and production activity of, and the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

corresponding capital spending by, oil and gas companies. The level of exploration, development and production activity is directly affected by trends in demand for and prices of oil and gas, which historically have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile. Prices for oil and gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil and gas, market uncertainty, and a variety of other economic and political factors that are beyond our control. Even the perception of longer-term lower oil and gas prices by oil and gas companies can similarly reduce or defer major expenditures given the long-term nature of many large-scale development projects. Factors affecting the prices of oil and gas include, but are not limited to, the level of supply and demand for oil and gas; governmental regulations, including the policies of governments regarding the exploration for and production and development of their oil and gas reserves; weather conditions and natural disasters; worldwide political, military and economic conditions; the level of oil and gas production by non-OPEC Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries countries and the available excess production capacity within OPEC; the cost of producing and delivering oil and gas; and potential acceleration of the development of alternative power generation, fuels and engine technologies. Any prolonged reduction in oil and gas prices will depress the immediate levels of exploration, development and production activity, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We could be adversely affected by technological changes in our industry. Our ability to maintain or enhance our technological capabilities, develop and market products and applications that meet changing customer requirements, and successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes in a cost effective and timely manner will likely impact our future business success. We compete on a number of fronts including, but not limited to, product quality and performance. In the case of some of our products, our competitors are larger than us and may have greater access to financial, technological and other resources. Technological changes include, but are not limited to, the development of electric and hybrid vehicles, and the subsequent impact on the demand for gasoline and diesel. Our inability to maintain a technological edge, innovate and improve our products could cause a decline in the demand and sales of our products, and adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Sharp and unexpected fluctuations in the cost of our raw materials and energy could adversely affect our profit margins. We use a variety of raw materials, chemicals and energy in our manufacturing and blending processes. Many of these raw materials are derived from petrochemical-based and vegetable-based feedstocks which can be subject to periods of rapid and significant cost instability. These fluctuations in cost can be caused by political instability in oil producing nations and elsewhere, weather conditions or other factors influencing global supply and demand of these materials, over which we have little or no control. We use long-term contracts (generally with fixed or formula-based costs) and advance bulk purchases to help ensure availability and continuity of supply, and to manage the risk of cost increases. From time to time, we have 
 16 

Table of Contents 

entered into hedging arrangements for certain utilities and raw materials, but do not typically enter into hedging arrangements for all raw materials, chemicals or energy costs. If the costs of raw materials, chemicals or energy increase, and we are not able to pass on these cost increases to our customers, then profit margins and cash flows from operating activities would be adversely impacted. If raw material costs increase significantly, then our need for working capital could increase. Any of these risks could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our business is subject to the risk of manufacturing disruptions, the occurrence of which would adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to hazards which are common to chemical manufacturing, blending, storage, handling and transportation. These hazards include, but are not limited to, fires, explosions, chemical spills and the release or discharge of toxic or hazardous substances together with the more generic risks of labor strikes or slowdowns, mechanical failure in scheduled downtime, extreme weather or transportation interruptions. These hazards could result in loss of life, severe injury, property damage, environmental contamination and temporary or permanent manufacturing cessation. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Legal, Regulatory and Tax Matters We are subject to extensive regulation of our international operations that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Due to our global operations, we are subject to many laws governing international commercial activity, conduct and relations, including, but are not limited to, those that prohibit improper payments to government officials, restrict where and with whom we can do business and limit the products, software and technology that we can supply to certain countries and customers. These laws include, but are not limited to, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and U.K. Bribery Act, sanctions and assets control programs administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury and/or the European Union from time to time, and the U.S. export control laws such as the regulations under the U.S. Export Administration Act, as well as similar laws and regulations in other countries relevant to our business operations. Violations of any of these laws or regulations, which are often complex in their application, may result in criminal or civil penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our United Kingdom defined benefit pension plan could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Movements in the underlying plan asset value and Projected Benefit Obligation PBO of our United Kingdom defined benefit pension plan UK Plan are dependent on our assumptions in respect of the discount rate, annual member mortality rates, future return on assets and future inflation. A change in any one of these assumptions could impact the plan asset value, PBO and pension credit recognized in the income statement. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

In May 2022, the Trustees of the UK Plan entered into an agreement with Legal and General Assurance Society Limited to acquire an insurance policy that operates as an investment asset, with the intent of matching the remaining uninsured part of the UK Plan s future cash outflow arising from the accrued pension liabilities of members. Such an arrangement is commonly termed as a buy-in . The benefit obligation was not transferred to the insurer, and the Company remains responsible for paying pension benefits. The initial value of the asset associated with this contract was equal to the premium paid to secure the contract and is adjusted each reporting period to reflect the estimated fair value of the premium that would be paid for such a contract at that time. The buy-in reduces the UK Plan s value at risk in relation to key risks associated with improved longevity, inflation and interest rate movements while improving the security to the UK Plan and its members. The Company consequently benefits from the buy-in as it reduces the UK Plan s potential reliance on the Company for future cash funding requirements. However, should an unexpected issue arise, there could be consequences which adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We may have additional tax liabilities. We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S., the U.K., and a number of other jurisdictions. Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. Significant judgment is required in estimating our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, any final determination pursuant to tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different to the amounts reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Should any tax authority disagree with our estimates and determine any additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties for us, this could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our products are subject to extensive government scrutiny and regulation. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign government authorities. In some cases, we need government approval of our products, manufacturing processes and facilities before we may sell certain products. Many products are required to be registered with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), with the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) and with comparable government agencies elsewhere. We are also subject to ongoing reviews of our products, manufacturing processes and facilities by government authorities, and must also produce product data and comply with detailed regulatory requirements. In order to obtain regulatory approval of certain new products we must, among other things, demonstrate that the product is appropriate and effective for its intended uses, that the product has been appropriately tested for safety and that we are capable of manufacturing the product in accordance with applicable regulations. This approval process can be costly, time consuming, and subject to unanticipated and significant delays. We cannot be sure that necessary approvals will be granted on a timely basis or at all. Any delay in obtaining, or any 
 18 

Table of Contents 

failure to obtain or maintain, these approvals would adversely affect our ability to introduce new products and to generate income from those products. New or stricter laws and regulations may be introduced that could result in additional compliance costs and prevent or inhibit the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of our products. Such outcomes could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Diverse chemical regulatory processes in different countries around the world might create complexity and additional cost. U.K. REACH, which was precipitated by the U.K. s exit from the E.U., is one such example. Legal proceedings and other claims could impose substantial costs on us. We are from time to time involved in legal proceedings that result from, and are incidental to, the conduct of our business, including employee and product liability claims. Although we maintain insurance to protect us against a variety of claims, if our insurance coverage is not adequate to cover such claims, then we may be required to pay directly for such liabilities. Such outcomes could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Environmental liabilities and compliance costs could have a substantial adverse impact on our results of operations. We operate a number of manufacturing sites and are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those relating to emissions to the air, discharges to land and water, and the generation, handling, treatment and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials on these sites. We operate under numerous environmental permits and licenses, many of which require periodic notification and renewal, which is not automatic. New or stricter laws and regulations could increase our compliance burden or costs and adversely affect our ability to develop, manufacture, blend, market and supply products. Our operations, and the operations of prior owners of our sites, pose the risk of environmental contamination which may result in fines or criminal sanctions being imposed or require significant amounts in environmental remediation payments. We anticipate that certain manufacturing sites may cease production over time and on closure, will require safely decommissioning and some environmental remediation. The extent of our obligations will depend on the future use of the sites that are affected and the environmental laws in effect at the time. We currently hold a plant closure provision in our Consolidated Financial Statements based on current known obligations, anticipated plans for sites or existing environmental laws. If there were to be unexpected or unknown contamination at these sites, or future plans for the sites or environmental laws change, then current provisions may prove inadequate, which could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change The outcome of new or potential legislation or regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, fees or restrictions on certain activities. Compliance with these initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. Any climate change regulations enacted in the future could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Even without such regulation, increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change emanating from us or our industry could harm us. We may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and negatively impact our growth. Furthermore, the potential impacts of climate change and related regulation on our customers are highly uncertain and may adversely affect us. Key Third Party Relationships Having a small number of significant customers may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Our principal customers are personal and home care companies, oil refiners, oil and gas exploration and production companies, and other chemical and industrial companies. These industries are characterized by a concentration of a few large participants. The loss of a significant customer, a material reduction in demand by a significant customer or termination or non-renewal of a significant customer contract could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. A disruption in the supply of raw materials or transportation services would have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Although we try to anticipate problems with supplies of raw materials or transportation services by building certain inventories of strategic importance, transport operations are exposed to various risks such as extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, technological problems, work stoppages, geopolitical tensions, pandemics, as well as transportation regulations. If the Company experiences transportation problems, or if there are significant changes in the cost of these services, the Company may not be able to arrange efficient alternatives and timely means to obtain raw materials or ship finished products, which could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The inability of counterparties to meet their contractual obligations could have a substantial adverse impact on our results of operations. Credit limits, ongoing credit evaluation and account monitoring procedures are used to minimize bad debt risk. Collateral is not generally required. We have in place a credit facility with a syndicate of banks. From time to time, we use derivatives, including, but not limited to, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

interest rate swaps, commodity swaps and foreign currency forward exchange contracts, in the normal course of business to manage market risks. We enter into derivative instruments with a diversified group of major financial institutions in order to manage the exposure to non-performance of such instruments. We remain subject to market and credit risks including the ability of counterparties to meet their contractual obligations and the potential non-performance of counterparties to deliver contracted commodities or services at the contracted price. The inability of counterparties to meet their contractual obligations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Finance and Investment We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We generate a portion of our revenues and incur some operating costs in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, the financial position and results of operations of some of our overseas subsidiaries are reported in the relevant local currency and then translated to U.S. dollars at the applicable currency exchange rates for inclusion in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Fluctuations in these currency exchange rates affect the recorded levels of our assets and liabilities, results of operations and cash flows. The primary exchange rate fluctuation exposures we have are with the E.U. euro, British pound sterling and Brazilian real. Exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated in recent years and may continue to do so. We cannot accurately predict future exchange rate variability among these currencies or relative to the U.S. dollar. While we take steps to manage currency exchange rate exposure, including entering into hedging transactions, we cannot eliminate all exposure to future exchange rate variability. These exchange risks could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. A high concentration of significant stockholders may have a material adverse impact on our stock price. Approximately 44 of our common stock is held by four stockholders. A decision by any of these, or other substantial, stockholders to sell all or a significant part of its holding, or a sudden or unexpected disposition of our stock, could result in a significant decline in our stock price. This could in turn adversely impact our ability to access equity markets, which could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated by-laws designate specific Delaware courts as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. Our amended and restated by-laws (the By-laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the appropriate court within the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum, to the fullest extent provided by law, for the following types of actions or proceedings: 

any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, 

any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, 

any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the By-laws, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, 

any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or 

any other internal corporate claim as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. This includes, to the extent permitted by the federal securities laws, lawsuits asserting both state law claims and claims under the federal securities laws. This forum selection provision in the By-laws may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. It is also possible that, notwithstanding the forum selection clause included in the By-laws, a court could rule that such a provision is inapplicable or unenforceable. Application of the choice of forum provision may be limited in some instances by law. Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act provides for exclusive federal court jurisdiction over Exchange Act claims. Accordingly, to the extent the exclusive forum provision is held to cover a shareholder derivative action asserting claims under the Exchange Act, such claims could not be brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery and would instead be within the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the District of Delaware. Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our stockholders will not be deemed by operation of our choice of forum provision to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The selection of legal jurisdiction for litigation claims may impact the outcome of legal proceedings which could in turn impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our revolving credit facility may restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or to otherwise expand our business. Our revolving credit facility contains restrictive clauses which may limit our activities as well as operational and financial flexibility. We may not be able to borrow under the revolving credit facility if an event of default under the terms of the facility occurs. An event of default under the credit facility includes a material adverse change to our assets, operations or financial condition, and certain other events. The revolving credit facility also contains a number of restrictions that limit our ability, among other things, and subject to certain limited exceptions, to incur additional indebtedness, pledge our assets as security, guarantee obligations of third parties, make investments, undergo a merger or consolidation, dispose of assets or materially change our line of business. In addition, the revolving credit facility requires us to meet certain financial ratios, including ratios based on net debt to earnings before income tax, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and net interest expense to EBITDA. Net debt, net interest expense and EBITDA are non-GAAP measures of liquidity defined in the credit facility. Our ability to meet these financial covenants depends upon the future successful operating performance of the business. If we fail to comply with these financial covenants, we would be in default under the revolving credit facility and the maturity of our outstanding debt could be accelerated unless we were able to obtain waivers from our lenders. If we were found to be in default under the revolving credit facility, it could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments None. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Item 2 
 Properties General A summary of the Company s principal properties is shown in the following table. Each of these properties is owned by the Company except where otherwise noted: 

Location 
 
 Reporting Segment 
 
 Operations 

Englewood, Colorado (1) 
 
 Fuel Specialties 
 
 Corporate Headquarters/ Business Teams/ Sales/Administration 

Newark, Delaware (1) 
 
 Fuel Specialties 
 
 Research Development 

Herne, Germany 
 
 Fuel Specialties 
 
 Sales/Manufacturing/Administration/ Research Development 

Vernon, France 
 
 Fuel Specialties 
 
 Sales/Manufacturing/Administration/ Research Development 

Moscow, Russia (1) 
 
 Fuel Specialties 
 
 Sales/Administration 

Leuna, Germany 
 
 Fuel Specialties 
 
 Sales/Manufacturing/Administration/ Research Development 

Ellesmere Port, United Kingdom 
 
 Fuel Specialties, Performance Chemicals 
 
 European Headquarters Business Teams/ Sales/Manufacturing/Administration/ Research Development/ Fuel Technology Center 

Beijing, China (1) 
 
 Fuel Specialties and Performance Chemicals 
 
 Sales/Administration 

Singapore, Singapore (1) 
 
 Fuel Specialties and Performance Chemicals 
 
 Asia-Pacific Headquarters/ Business Teams/ Sales/Administration 

Milan, Italy (1) 
 
 Fuel Specialties and Performance Chemicals 
 
 Sales/Administration 

Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (1) 
 
 Fuel Specialties, Performance Chemicals and Oilfield Services 
 
 Sales/Administration 

High Point, North Carolina 
 
 Performance Chemicals 
 
 Manufacturing/Administration/ Research Development 

Salisbury, North Carolina 
 
 Performance Chemicals 
 
 Manufacturing/Administration/ Research Development 

Chatsworth, California (1) 
 
 Performance Chemicals 
 
 Sales/Manufacturing/Administration 

Saint Mihiel, France 
 
 Performance Chemicals 
 
 Manufacturing/Administration/Research Development 

Castiglione, Italy 
 
 Performance Chemicals 
 
 Manufacturing/Administration/Research Development 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Location 
 
 Reporting Segment 
 
 Operations 

Barcelona, Spain (1) 
 
 Performance Chemicals 
 
 Manufacturing/Administration/Research Development 

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
 
 Oilfield Services 
 
 Sales/Manufacturing/Administration 

Midland, Texas 
 
 Oilfield Services 
 
 Sales/Manufacturing/Administration 

Pleasanton, Texas 
 
 Oilfield Services 
 
 Sales/Manufacturing/Administration 

Sugar Land, Texas (1) 
 
 Oilfield Services 
 
 Sales/Administration/Research Development 

The Woodlands, Houston, Texas (1) 
 
 Oilfield Services 
 
 Sales/Administration/Research Development 

Williston, North Dakota 
 
 Oilfield Services 
 
 Sales/Warehouse 

Casper, Wyoming (1) 
 
 Oilfield Services 
 
 Warehouse 

(1) 
 Leased property Manufacturing Capacity We believe that our plants and supply agreements are sufficient to meet current sales levels. Operating rates of the plants are generally flexible and varied with product mix and normal sales demand swings. We believe that all of our facilities are maintained to appropriate levels and in sufficient operating condition though there remains an ongoing need for maintenance and capital investment. 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings Legal matters While we are involved from time to time in claims and legal proceedings that result from, and are incidental to, the conduct of our business including business and commercial litigation, employee and product liability claims, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or of which any of the Company s property is subject. It is possible, however, that an adverse resolution of an unexpectedly large number of such individual claims or proceedings could in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on results of operations for a particular year or quarter. 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information and Holders The Company s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ under the symbol IOSP. As of February 15, 2023 there were 670 registered holders of the common stock. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2022. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased its common stock as part of a share repurchase program and in connection with the exercising of stock options by employees. The following table provides information about our repurchases of equity securities in the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period 
 
 Total number of shares purchased 

Average price paid per share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 1 

Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 

October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 

8,302 

90.39 

8,302 

44.3 million 

November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 

1,059 

106.49 

212 

44.2 million 

December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 

0 

0.00 

0 

44.2 million 

Total 

9,361 

92.21 

8,514 

44.2 million 

1 On February 15, 2022 the Company announced a repurchase plan for up to 50 million of the Company s common stock over a three-year period commencing on February 16, 2022. Stock Price Performance Graph The graph below compares the cumulative total return to stockholders on the common stock of the Corporation, S P 500 Index, S P 1500 Specialty Chemicals Index and Russell 2000 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Index since December 31, 2017, assuming a 100 investment and the re-investment of any dividends thereafter. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have changed one of the comparative indices from the NASDAQ Composite to the S P 1500 Specialty Chemicals Index which we believe provides an improved peer group comparative. The total return to stockholders of the new and the old comparative indices is shown in the table below the following graph. 

Value of 100 Investment made December 31, 2017 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Innospec Inc. 

100.00 

88.74 

150.09 

133.16 

134.29 

154.80 

S P 500 Index 

100.00 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

S P 1500 Specialty Chemicals Index 

100.00 

93.97 

111.15 

129.30 

165.17 

124.09 

NASDAQ Composite 

100.00 

96.41 

133.31 

192.48 

235.16 

158.65 

Russell 2000 Index 

100.00 

88.99 

111.70 

134.00 

153.85 

122.41 
 
 Excludes purchase commissions. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto. EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW In 2022 Innospec delivered double-digit sales and operating income growth with expanded margins, and each of our businesses contributed meaningfully to our results. We benefited from our balanced end-market exposure in late 2022 as the negative impact of year-end customer destocking in Performance Chemicals was offset by continued growth in Oilfield Services and Fuel Specialties. In Performance Chemicals, despite aggressive customer destocking which drove lower volumes and margins in the fourth quarter, full-year operating income increased by 34 percent, and operating margin improved for the fifth consecutive year. Our industry-leading personal care technologies drove the majority of operating income growth in 2022. Fuel Specialties delivered double-digit operating income growth for the full year. Gross margins remained below our expected range, but improvement continues to be a key focus and opportunity for our business in 2023. We believe there is potential for gross margin expansion once inflation normalizes and demand for our higher margin jet fuel additives recovers. Oilfield Services achieved significant sales and operating income growth over the prior year. In 2023, we anticipate that a portion of our sales will moderate versus the extremely strong third and fourth quarters of 2022. However, we expect potential for further improvement in the other markets within our oilfield business. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Plant Closure Provisions We are subject to environmental laws in the countries in which we conduct business. Ellesmere Port in the United Kingdom is our principal site giving rise to asset retirement obligations, associated with the production of TEL. There are also asset retirement obligations and environmental remediation liabilities on a much smaller scale in respect of other manufacturing sites. At Ellesmere Port there is a continuing asset retirement program related to certain manufacturing units that have been closed. Plant closure provisions at December 31, 2022 amounted to 57.2 million and relate principally to our Ellesmere Port site in the United Kingdom. We recognize environmental 
 29 

Table of Contents 

remediation liabilities when they are probable and costs can be reasonably estimated, and asset retirement obligations when there is a legal requirement, including those arising from a Company promise, and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The Company has to anticipate the program of work required and the associated future expected costs, and comply with environmental legislation in the countries in which it operates or has operated in. We develop these assumptions utilizing the latest information available together with recent costs. While we believe our assumptions for plant closure provisions are reasonable, they are subjective estimates and it is possible that variations in any of the assumptions will result in materially different calculations to the liabilities we have reported. Income Taxes We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S., the U.K., and a number of other jurisdictions. Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be required. If we ultimately determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, we reverse the liability and recognize a tax benefit during the period in which we determine that the liability is no longer necessary. We also recognize tax benefits to the extent that it is more likely than not that our positions will be sustained, based on technical merits of the position, when challenged by the taxing authorities. To the extent that we prevail in matters for which liabilities have been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of the liabilities recorded in our financial statements, our effective tax rate in a given period may be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement may require cash payments and result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. We report interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as income taxes. For additional information regarding uncertain income tax positions, see Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Pensions The Company maintains a defined benefit pension plan covering certain current and former employees in the United Kingdom UK Plan ). The UK Plan is closed to future service accrual but has a large number of deferred and current pensioners. The Company also has other smaller pension arrangements in the U.S. and overseas. In May 2022, the Trustees of the UK Plan entered into an agreement with Legal and General Assurance Society Limited to acquire an insurance policy that operates as an investment asset, with the intent of matching the remaining uninsured part of the UK Plan s future cash outflow arising from the accrued pension liabilities of members. Such an arrangement is commonly termed as a buy-in . The benefit obligation was not transferred to the insurer, and the Company remains responsible for paying pension benefits. The initial value of the asset associated with this contract was equal to the premium paid to secure the contract and is 
 30 

Table of Contents 

adjusted each reporting period to reflect the estimated fair value of the premium that would be paid for such a contract at that time. The buy-in reduces the UK Plan s value at risk in relation to key risks associated with improved longevity, inflation and interest rate movements while improving the security to the UK Plan and its members. The Company consequently benefits from the buy-in as it reduces the UK Plan s potential reliance on the Company for future cash funding requirements. Movements in the UK Plan s Projected Benefit Obligation PBO are dependent on our assumptions in respect of the discount rate, annual member mortality rates, future return on assets and future inflation. A change in any one of these assumptions could impact the plan asset value, PBO and pension charge recognized in the income statement. Such changes could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. For example, a 0.25 change in the discount rate assumption would change the PBO at December 31, 2022 by approximately 10.3 million and the net pension credit for 2023 would change by approximately 0.1 million. A 0.25 change in the level of price inflation assumption would change the PBO at December 31, 2022 by approximately 6.5 million and the net pension credit for 2022 by approximately 0.6 million. Further information is provided in Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Goodwill The Company s reporting units, the level at which goodwill is assessed for potential impairment, are consistent with the reportable segments. The components in each segment (including products, markets and competitors) have similar economic characteristics and the segments, therefore, reflect the lowest level at which operations and cash flows can be sufficiently distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the Company. To test for impairment the Company performs a qualitative step zero assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a segment is less than the carrying amount prior to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Factors utilized in the qualitative assessment process include macroeconomic conditions; industry and market considerations; cost factors; overall financial performance; and Company specific events. If a quantitative test is required, we assess the fair value based on projected post-tax cash flows discounted at the Company s weighted average cost of capital. These fair value techniques require management judgment and estimates including revenue growth rates, projected operating margins, changes in working capital and discount rates. We would develop these assumptions by considering recent financial performance and trends and industry growth estimates. While we believe our assumptions for impairment assessments are reasonable, they are subjective judgments, and it is possible that variations in any of the assumptions will result in materially different calculations of any potential impairment charges. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022 we had 358.8 million of goodwill relating to our Performance Chemicals, Fuel Specialties and Oilfield Services segments. Our step zero impairment review at December 31, 2022 indicated the fair value of each segment is, more likely than not, higher than the carrying value, meaning no step one impairment review was required to be performed. Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets (Net of Depreciation and Amortization, respectively) As at December 31, 2022 we had 220.9 million of property, plant and equipment and 45.0 million of other intangible assets (net of depreciation and amortization, respectively), that are discussed in Notes 6 and 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively. These long-lived assets relate to all of our reporting segments and are being amortized or depreciated straight-line over periods of up to 17 years in respect of the other intangible assets and up to 25 years in respect of the property, plant and equipment. We continually assess the markets and products related to these long-lived assets, as well as their specific carrying values, and have concluded that these carrying values, and amortization and depreciation periods, remain appropriate. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following table provides sales, gross profit and operating income by reporting segment: 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net sales: 

Performance Chemicals 

639.7 

525.3 

425.4 

Fuel Specialties 

730.2 

618.3 

512.7 

Oilfield Services 

593.8 

339.8 

255.0 

1,963.7 

1,483.4 

1,193.1 

Gross profit: 

Performance Chemicals 

150.0 

125.2 

103.8 

Fuel Specialties 

221.9 

193.2 

160.3 

Oilfield Services 

214.8 

116.5 

80.8 

Octane Additives 

(2.2) 

586.7 

434.9 

342.7 

Operating income: 

Performance Chemicals 

95.3 

70.9 

54.8 

Fuel Specialties 

121.7 

104.6 

84.5 

Oilfield Services 

41.7 

10.4 

(9.5) 
 
 Octane Additives 

(2.8) 
 
 Corporate costs 

(71.4) 

(55.6) 

(52.2) 
 
 Restructuring charge 

(21.3) 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 

(19.8) 
 
 Profit on disposal 

1.8 

Total operating income 

187.3 

132.1 

33.7 

Other income/(expense), net 

(1.6) 

3.8 

7.8 

Interest expense, net 

(1.1) 

(1.5) 

(1.8) 

Income before income taxes 

184.6 

134.4 

39.7 

Income taxes 

(51.6) 

(41.3) 

(11.0) 

Net income 

133.0 

93.1 

28.7 

33 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021: 

(in millions, except ratios) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Net sales: 

Performance Chemicals 

639.7 

525.3 

114.4 

+22 

Fuel Specialties 

730.2 

618.3 

111.9 

+18 

Oilfield Services 

593.8 

339.8 

254.0 

+75 

1,963.7 

1,483.4 

480.3 

+32 

Gross profit: 

Performance Chemicals 

150.0 

125.2 

24.8 

+20 

Fuel Specialties 

221.9 

193.2 

28.7 

+15 

Oilfield Services 

214.8 

116.5 

98.3 

+84 

586.7 

434.9 

151.8 

+35 

Gross margin ): 

Performance Chemicals 

23.4 

23.8 

-0.4 

Fuel Specialties 

30.4 

31.2 

-0.8 

Oilfield Services 

36.2 

34.3 

+1.9 

Aggregate 

29.9 

29.3 

+0.6 

Operating expenses: 

Performance Chemicals 

(54.7) 

(54.3) 

(0.4) 

+1 

Fuel Specialties 

(100.2) 

(88.6) 

(11.6) 

+13 

Oilfield Services 

(173.1) 

(106.1) 

(67.0) 

+63 

Corporate costs 

(71.4) 

(55.6) 

(15.8) 

+28 

Profit on disposal 

1.8 

(1.8) 

+100 

(399.4) 

(302.8) 

(96.6) 

+32 

Financial information with respect to our domestic and foreign operations is contained in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Performance Chemicals Net sales: the table below details the components which comprise the year over year change in net sales spread across the markets in which we operate: 

Change ) 
 
 Americas 

EMEA 

ASPAC 

Total 

Volume 

+20 

-9 

+7 

+2 

Price and product mix 

+20 

+33 

+18 

+28 

Exchange rates 

-14 

-7 

-8 

+40 

+10 

+18 

+22 

Higher sales volumes for the Americas and ASPAC were primarily driven by increased demand for our personal care products. Lower sales volumes for EMEA were due to 
 34 

Table of Contents 

reductions in demand for our home care products when compared to strong sales volumes in the prior year. All our regions benefited from a favorable price and product mix due to increased sales of higher priced products together with the impact of increased raw materials pricing being passed on through higher selling prices. EMEA and ASPAC were adversely impacted by exchange rate movements year over year, due to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound sterling and the European Union euro. Gross margin: the year over year decrease of 0.4 percentage points was primarily due to adverse manufacturing variances and higher raw materials costs in the fourth quarter of 2022, being partly offset by a favorable sales mix from increased sales of higher margin products. Operating expenses: the year over year increase of 0.4 million was due to higher selling expenses to support our increased sales and higher personnel-related expenses, including higher share-based compensation accruals and higher performance-related remuneration accruals; being partly offset by lower provisions for doubtful debts. Fuel Specialties Net sales: the table below details the components which comprise the year over year change in net sales spread across the markets in which we operate: 

Change ) 
 
 Americas 

EMEA 

ASPAC 

AvGas 

Total 

Volume 

+10 

-11 

+11 

+4 

Price and product mix 

+28 

+32 

+14 

-7 

+26 

Exchange rates 

-17 

-4 

-8 

+38 

+4 

+21 

-3 

+18 

The Americas and ASPAC sales volumes have increased year over year as the global demand for refined fuel products has increased. EMEA sales volumes were lower year over year primarily due to a reduction for the sales of higher volume lower margin products. Price and product mix was favorable in all our regions due to a favorable sales mix with an increased proportion of sales of higher margin products, together with the impact of increased raw materials pricing being passed on through higher selling prices. AvGas volumes were higher than the prior year due to variations in the demand from customers, being offset by an adverse price and product mix with a higher proportion of sales being made to lower margin customers. EMEA and ASPAC were adversely impacted by exchange rate movements year over year, due to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound sterling and the European Union euro. Gross margin: the year over year decrease of 0.8 percentage points was due to the impact of the time lag for passing higher raw material costs through to selling prices. Operating expenses: the year over year increase of 11.6 million was due to higher personnel-related expenses, including higher share-based compensation accruals, higher travel expenses, increased sales promotions and increased provisions for doubtful debts. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Oilfield Services Net sales: have increased year over year by 254.0 million, or 75 percent, with the majority of our customer activity being concentrated in the Americas region. Customer demand has increased through each quarter in 2022, which we believe represents a positive sign for further sales growth going into 2023. Gross margin: the year over year increase of 1.9 percentage points was due to a favorable sales mix, while management are continuing to maintain prices in a competitive market. Operating expenses: the year over year increase of 67.0 million was driven by higher customer service costs which are necessary to support the increase in demand, together with higher personnel-related expenses, including higher share-based compensation accruals and higher performance-related remuneration accruals, and increased provisions for doubtful debts. Other Income Statement Captions Corporate costs: the year over year increase of 15.8 million was driven by higher personnel-related expenses, including higher share-based compensation accruals and higher performance-related remuneration accruals, together with increased maintenance expenditure for our information technology infrastructure. Profit on disposal: in the prior year there was a profit on disposal of 1.8 million, which principally related to the sale of land within our oilfield services business in the U.S.. Other net income/(expense): for 2022 and 2021, includes the following: 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Net pensions credit 

4.8 

5.4 

(0.6) 
 
 Foreign exchange gains/(losses) on translation 

(7.1) 

(2.6) 

(4.5) 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts gains/(losses) 

0.7 

1.0 

(0.3) 

(1.6) 

3.8 

(5.4) 

Interest expense, net: was 1.1 million in 2022 compared to 1.5 million in 2021. Interest expense includes a commitment fee to retain the Company s revolving credit facility for the term of the agreement. Income taxes: The effective tax rate was 28.0 and 30.7 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The adjusted effective tax rate, once adjusted for the items set out in the following table, was 27.0 in 2022 compared with 22.7 in 2021. The Company believes that this adjusted effective tax rate, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides useful information to investors and may assist them in evaluating the Company s underlying performance and identifying operating trends. In addition, management uses this non-GAAP financial measure internally to evaluate the performance of the Company s operations and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

(in millions, except ratios) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Income before income taxes 

184.6 

134.4 

Adjustment for stock compensation 

6.7 

4.4 

Indemnification asset regarding tax audit 

0.1 

0.1 

Legacy cost of closed operations 

3.5 

3.4 

Acquisition costs 

0.8 

Adjusted income before income taxes 

194.9 

143.1 

Income taxes 

51.6 

41.3 

Adjustment of income tax provisions 

(0.5) 
 
 Tax on stock compensation 

0.6 

1.3 

Tax loss / (gain) on distribution 

(0.2) 
 
 Change in UK statutory tax rate 

(7.3) 
 
 Tax on legacy cost of closed operations 

0.7 

(1.5) 
 
 Tax on acquisition costs 

0.2 

Other discrete items 

(0.3) 

(0.8) 

Adjusted income taxes 

52.6 

32.5 

GAAP effective tax rate 

28.0 

30.7 

Adjusted effective tax rate 

27.0 

22.7 

The GAAP effective tax rate and adjusted effective tax rate in 2022 have been negatively impacted by foreign income inclusions, net of foreign tax credits, which arise each year from certain types of income earned overseas being taxable under U.S. tax regulations. As a consequence of the Company having operations outside of the U.S., it is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations. These have also had a negative impact on the GAAP effective tax rate and adjusted effective tax rate in 2022. The adjusted effective tax rate is lower than the GAAP effective tax rate, primarily due to elimination of stock compensation activity to better reflect the Company s underlying business performance. The most significant factor impacting our adjusted effective tax rate in 2021 is the elimination of the impact of the increase in the U.K. statutory income tax rate. For additional information regarding the GAAP effective tax rate in 2022, see Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020: 

(in millions, except ratios) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Change 

Net sales: 

Performance Chemicals 

525.3 

425.4 

99.9 

+23 

Fuel Specialties 

618.3 

512.7 

105.6 

+21 

Oilfield Services 

339.8 

255.0 

84.8 

+33 

1,483.4 

1,193.1 

290.3 

+24 

Gross profit: 

Performance Chemicals 

125.2 

103.8 

21.4 

+21 

Fuel Specialties 

193.2 

160.3 

32.9 

+21 

Oilfield Services 

116.5 

80.8 

35.7 

+44 

Octane Additives 

(2.2) 

2.2 

-100 

434.9 

342.7 

92.2 

+27 

Gross margin ): 

Performance Chemicals 

23.8 

24.4 

-0.6 

Fuel Specialties 

31.2 

31.3 

-0.1 

Oilfield Services 

34.3 

31.7 

+2.6 

Aggregate 

29.3 

28.7 

+0.6 

Operating expenses: 

Performance Chemicals 

(54.3) 

(49.0) 

(5.3) 

+11 

Fuel Specialties 

(88.6) 

(75.8) 

(12.8) 

+17 

Oilfield Services 

(106.1) 

(90.3) 

(15.8) 

+17 

Octane Additives 

(0.6) 

0.6 

-100 

Corporate costs 

(55.6) 

(52.2) 

(3.4) 

+7 

Restructuring charge 

(21.3) 

21.3 

-100 

Impairment of intangible assets 

(19.8) 

19.8 

-100 

Profit on disposal 

1.8 

1.8 

+100 

(302.8) 

(309.0) 

6.2 

-2 

Financial information with respect to our domestic and foreign operations is contained in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Performance Chemicals Net sales: the table below details the components which comprise the year on year change in net sales spread across the markets in which we operate: 

Change ) 
 
 Americas 

EMEA 

ASPAC 

Total 

Volume 

+33 

+1 

-11 

+10 

Price and product mix 

+12 

+10 

+8 

+10 

Exchange rates 

+4 

+2 

+3 

+45 

+15 

-1 

+23 

38 

Table of Contents 

Higher volumes for the Americas were driven by increased demand for our personal care products. Volumes in EMEA were favorable including the continued recovery of demand across several markets which have been adversely impacted by the pandemic. Lower volumes in ASPAC were primarily driven by a reduction in demand for our personal care products. All our regions benefited from a favorable price and product mix due to increased sales of higher priced products and increased raw materials pricing being passed on through higher selling prices. EMEA and ASPAC benefited from favorable exchange rate movements year over year, due to a strengthening of the British pound sterling and the European Union euro against the U.S. dollar. Gross margin: the year over year decrease of 0.6 percentage points was due to adverse manufacturing variances as activity slowed over the holiday season in the fourth quarter, together with some one-off provisions. Operating expenses: the year over year increase of 5.3 million was due to increased spending on research and development, an increase in the allowance for doubtful debts and higher personnel-related expenses including higher share-based compensation accruals and higher performance related remuneration accruals. Fuel Specialties Net sales: the table below details the components which comprise the year on year change in net sales spread across the markets in which we operate: 

Change ) 
 
 Americas 

EMEA 

ASPAC 

AvGas 

Total 

Volume 

+22 

+6 

+4 

-32 

+9 

Price and product mix 

+5 

+8 

+7 

+36 

+9 

Exchange rates 

+7 

+1 

+3 

+27 

+21 

+12 

+4 

+21 

Volumes in all our regions have increased year over year, as the global demand for refined fuel products has returned to near the pre-pandemic levels. Price and product mix was favorable in all our regions due to increased sales of higher margin products and increased raw materials pricing being passed on through higher selling prices. AvGas volumes were lower than the prior year due to variations in the demand from customers, being offset by a favorable price and product mix with a higher proportion of sales to higher margin customers. EMEA and ASPAC benefited from favorable exchange rate movements year over year, due to a strengthening of the British pound sterling and the European Union euro against the U.S. dollar. Gross margin: the year over year decrease of 0.1 percentage points was impacted by the time lag for passing higher raw material costs through to selling prices in the second half of the year. Operating expenses: the year over year increase of 12.8 million was due to higher selling expenses to support the increased sales, together with higher research and development costs 
 39 

Table of Contents 

and higher personnel-related expenses including higher share-based compensation accruals and higher performance related remuneration accruals. Oilfield Services Net sales: have increased year over year by 84.8 million, or 33 percent, with the majority of our customer activity continuing to be in the Americas region. Customer demand has increased throughout the year as the pandemic recovery has continued. We expect to see continued growth in customer demand into 2022. Gross margin: the year over year increase of 2.6 percentage points was due to a favorable sales mix compared to a prior year comparative which was adversely impacted by the pandemic, while management have successfully maintained prices in a competitive market. Operating expenses: the year over year increase of 15.8 million was driven by our continuing customer service flexibility which allows us to support the increase in demand as the pandemic recovery has continued, together with higher personnel-related expenses including higher share-based compensation accruals and higher performance related remuneration accruals. Octane Additives The Octane Additives business ceased trading and is no longer a reporting segment from July 1, 2020 as the production of TEL for use in motor gasoline has finished. Legacy costs related to these operations have now been recorded as operating expenses within corporate costs. Prior to the business ceasing trade there were no sales in 2020, together with a gross loss of 2.2 million and operating expenses of 0.6 million. Other Income Statement Captions Corporate costs: the year over year increase of 3.4 million was driven by higher personnel-related expenses including higher share-based compensation accruals and higher performance related remuneration accruals, together with the adverse impact of the foreign currency translation of our costs at Ellesmere Port in the United Kingdom due to a strengthening of the British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar. Profit on disposal: there has been a profit on disposal of assets for 1.8 million in 2021, which principally relates to the sale of land within our oilfield services business in the U.S.. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Other net income/(expense): for 2021 and 2020, includes the following: 

(in millions) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Change 

United Kingdom pension credit 

6.5 

6.2 

0.3 

German pension charge 

(1.1) 

(0.9) 

(0.2) 
 
 Foreign exchange gains/(losses) on translation 

(2.6) 

4.0 

(6.6) 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts gains/(losses) 

1.0 

(1.5) 

2.5 

3.8 

7.8 

(4.0) 

Interest expense, net: was 1.5 million in 2021 compared to 1.8 million in 2020, driven by the repayment in full of our revolving credit facility in the second half of 2020. Interest expense includes a commitment fee to retain the Company s revolving credit facility for the term of the agreement. Income taxes: The effective tax rate was 30.7 and 27.7 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The adjusted effective tax rate, once adjusted for the items set out in the following table, was 22.7 in 2021 compared with 23.5 in 2020. The Company believes that this adjusted effective tax rate, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides useful information to investors and may assist them in evaluating the Company s underlying performance and identifying operating trends. In addition, management uses this non-GAAP financial measure internally to evaluate the performance of the Company s operations and for planning and forecasting in subsequent periods. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

(in millions, except ratios) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Income before income taxes 

134.4 

39.7 

Adjustment for stock compensation 

4.4 

5.8 

Indemnification asset regarding tax audit 

0.1 

0.2 

Restructuring charge 

21.3 

Impairment of acquired intangible assets 

19.8 

Legacy cost of closed operations 

3.4 

2.5 

Acquisition costs 

0.8 

4.2 

Adjusted income before income taxes 

143.1 

93.5 

Income taxes 

41.3 

11.0 

Adjustment of income tax provisions 

(0.5) 

0.7 

Tax on stock compensation 

1.3 

1.7 

Tax on restructuring charge 

4.3 

Tax on impairment of acquired intangible asset 

4.6 

Tax loss / (gain) on distribution 

(0.2) 

0.4 

Change in U.K. statutory tax rate 

(7.3) 

(2.7) 
 
 Tax on legacy cost of closed operations 

(1.5) 

0.5 

Tax on acquisition costs 

0.2 

0.9 

Other discrete items 

(0.8) 

0.6 

Adjusted income taxes 

32.5 

22.0 

GAAP effective tax rate 

30.7 

27.7 

Adjusted effective tax rate 

22.7 

23.5 

The most significant factor impacting our adjusted effective tax rate in 2021 is the elimination of the impact of the increase in the statutory income tax rate in the U.K.. The most significant factors impacting our adjusted effective tax rate in 2020 are the restructuring charge relating to the cessation of production and sales of TEL for use in motor gasoline, the impairment of acquired intangible assets in our Oilfield Services segment, and the elimination of the impact of the increase in the statutory income tax rate in the U.K.. LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION Working Capital In 2022 our working capital increased by 75.3 million, while our adjusted working capital increased by 88.7 million. The difference is primarily due to the exclusion of the increase in our cash and cash equivalents, together with the movements for income taxes. The Company believes that adjusted working capital, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides useful information to investors in evaluating the Company s underlying performance and identifying operating trends. Management uses this non-GAAP financial measure internally to allocate resources and evaluate the performance of the Company s operations. Items excluded from the adjusted working capital calculation are listed in the table below and 
 42 

Table of Contents 

represent factors which do not fluctuate in line with the day to day working capital needs of the business. 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Total current assets 

872.6 

728.1 

Total current liabilities 

(405.8) 

(336.6) 

Working capital 

466.8 

391.5 

Less cash and cash equivalents 

(147.1) 

(141.8) 
 
 Less prepaid income taxes 

(3.3) 

(5.8) 
 
 Less other current assets 

(0.4) 

(0.4) 
 
 Add back current portion of accrued income taxes 

18.4 

3.7 

Add back current portion of finance leases 

0.1 

Add back current portion of plant closure provisions 

5.3 

5.2 

Add back current portion of operating lease liabilities 

13.9 

12.4 

Adjusted working capital 

353.6 

264.9 

The movements in our adjusted working capital are explained as follows: We had a 50.1 million increase in trade and other accounts receivable primarily driven by increased trading activity across our reporting segments. Days sales outstanding in our Performance Chemicals segment decreased from 64 days to 60 days; increased in our Fuel Specialties segment from 53 days to 54 days; and increased from 52 days to 54 days in our Oilfield Services segment. We had a 95.5 million increase in inventories, net of a 1.7 million increase in allowances, as we managed inventory levels to support future demand, with the intention of mitigating the risk of potential supply chain disruption for certain key raw materials. Days sales in inventory in our Performance Chemicals segment increased from 59 days to 78 days; increased in our Fuel Specialties segment from 108 days to 138 days; and decreased from 76 days to 58 days in our Oilfield Services segment. Prepaid expenses decreased 3.9 million, from 18.0 million to 14.1 million principally due to the reduction in prepaid customer marketing arrangements. We had a 53.0 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities primarily due to increased activity across all our reporting segments. Creditor days (including goods received not invoiced) decreased in our Performance Chemicals segment from 47 days to 42 days; decreased in our Fuel Specialties segment from 50 days to 45 days; and increased from 48 days to 54 days in our Oilfield Services segment. Operating Cash Flows We generated cash from operating activities of 81.7 million in 2022 compared to cash inflows of 93.2 million in 2021. The reduction in cash generated from operating activities 
 43 

Table of Contents 

was primarily related to the increases for our working capital being partly offset by the improvements in our earnings before depreciation and amortization. Cash At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 147.1 million and 141.8 million, respectively, of which 76.4 million and 55.1 million, respectively, were held by non-U.S. subsidiaries principally in the United Kingdom. The 5.3 million increase in cash and cash equivalents in 2022 was driven by the cash inflows from operating activities, while being partly offset by increased working capital levels, continued investments in capital projects and the payment of our semi-annual dividends. Debt As at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had repaid all of its borrowings under the revolving credit facility and as a result, the related deferred finance costs of 0.6 million (December 31, 2021 1.0 million) are now included within other current and non-current assets at the balance sheet date. On September 16, 2020, Innospec and certain of its subsidiaries agreed to extend the term of its revolving credit facility, as described below, until September 25, 2024. The costs of 0.3 million for extending the term have been capitalized on the balance sheet, which are being amortized over the expected life of the facility. On September 30, 2019 the Company repaid its pre-existing term loan and revolving credit facility that had been amended and restated on December 14, 2016, and replaced this borrowing with the new credit facility. As a result, refinancing costs of 1.5 million were capitalized which are being amortized over the expected life of the facility. On September 26, 2019, Innospec and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a new agreement for a 250.0 million revolving credit facility until September 25, 2023 with an option to request an extension to the facility for a further year. The facility also contains an accordion feature whereby the Company may elect to increase the total available borrowings by an aggregate amount of up to 125.0 million. The revolving credit facility contains terms which, if breached, would result in it becoming repayable on demand. It requires, among other matters, compliance with the following financial covenant ratios measured on a quarterly basis: (1) our ratio of net debt to EBITDA must not be greater than 3.0:1.0 and (2) our ratio of EBITDA to net interest must not be less than 4.0:1.0 Management has determined that the Company has not breached these covenants and does not expect to breach these covenants for the next 12 months. The revolving credit facility contains restrictions which may limit our activities as well as operational and financial flexibility. We may not be able to borrow if an event of default is outstanding, which includes a material adverse change to our assets, operations or financial 
 44 

Table of Contents 

condition. The credit facility contains a number of restrictions that limit our ability, among other things, and subject to certain limited exceptions, to incur additional indebtedness, pledge our assets as security, guarantee obligations of third parties, make investments, effect a merger or consolidation, dispose of assets, or materially change our line of business. At December 31, 2022, we had no debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility and no obligations under finance leases. Contractual Commitments The following represents contractual commitments at December 31, 2022 and the effect of those obligations on future cash flows: 

(in millions) 
 
 Total 

2023 

2024-25 

2026-27 

Thereafter 

Operating activities 

Operating lease liabilities 

45.3 

13.9 

13.8 

5.6 

12.0 

Operating lease future commitments 

2.7 

0.9 

1.8 

Interest payments on debt 

1.6 

0.9 

0.7 

Investing activities 

Capital commitments 

37.7 

30.6 

7.1 

Internally developed software 

25.0 

20.5 

4.5 

Total 

112.3 

66.8 

27.9 

5.6 

12.0 

Operating activities Operating lease commitments relate primarily to right-of-use assets at third party manufacturing facilities, office space, motor vehicles and various items of computer and office equipment which are expected to be renewed and replaced in the normal course of business. The estimated payments on debt are the commitment fees for our 250.0 million revolving credit facility. Any interest income has been excluded. Due to the uncertainty regarding the nature of tax audits, particularly those which are not currently underway, it is not meaningful to predict the outcome of obligations related to unrecognized tax benefits. Further disclosure is provided in Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Investing activities Capital commitments relate to certain capital projects that the Company has committed to undertake. Internally developed software relates to the planned completion costs for the implementation of our new Enterprise Resource Planning system for EMEA and ASPAC, including the acquisition costs for the software as well as the external and internal costs of the development. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Outlook Despite the general recessionary outlook for 2023, we continue to anticipate technology-based organic growth opportunities across all our businesses. Over the medium to long-term, we do not expect any change in our customers drive towards cleaner formulations, lower carbon footprint and operational efficiency. We plan to continue our investment in R D to improve our products and technology. Our innovative chemistries and highly-responsive technical service directly support our customers priorities. Our strong balance sheet gives us the flexibility to move in parallel on all of our capital allocation priorities. In 2023, we expect to substantially complete our 70 million Performance Chemicals expansion while continuing dividend growth and, based on our assessment of market conditions, share repurchases. In parallel, we intend to continue to pursue potential acquisitions that complement and expand our geographic, technology and end-market footprint. Environmental Matters and Plant Closures Under certain environmental laws the Company is responsible for the environmental remediation of hazardous substances or wastes at currently or formerly owned or operated properties. As most of our manufacturing operations have been conducted outside the U.S., we expect that liability pertaining to the investigation and environmental remediation of contaminated properties is likely to be determined under non-U.S. law. We evaluate costs for environmental remediation, decontamination and demolition projects on a regular basis. Full provision is made for those costs amounting to 57.2 million at December 31, 2022. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. Expenditure utilizing these provisions was 4.2 million, 5.3 million and 4.1 million in the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The Company uses floating rate debt to finance its global operations. The Company is subject to business risks inherent in non-U.S. activities, including political and economic uncertainty, import and export limitations, and market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The political and economic risks are mitigated by the stability of the countries in which the Company s largest operations are located. Credit limits, ongoing credit evaluation and account monitoring procedures are used to minimize bad debt risk. Collateral is not generally required. From time to time, the Company uses derivatives, including interest rate swaps, commodity swaps and foreign currency forward exchange contracts, in the normal course of business to manage market risks. The derivatives used in hedging activities are considered risk management tools and are not used for trading purposes. In addition, the Company enters into derivative instruments with a diversified group of major financial institutions in order to manage the exposure to non-performance of such instruments. The Company s objective in managing the exposure to changes in interest rates is to limit the impact of such changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. The Company s objective in managing the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates is to reduce volatility on earnings and cash flows associated with such changes. The Company offers fixed prices for some long-term sales contracts. As manufacturing and raw material costs are subject to variability the Company may use commodity swaps to hedge the cost of some raw materials thus reducing volatility on earnings and cash flows. The derivatives are considered risk management tools and are not used for trading purposes. The Company s objective is to manage its exposure to fluctuating costs of raw materials. Interest Rate Risk From time to time, the Company uses interest rate swaps to manage interest rate exposure. The Company retains a 250.0 million revolving credit facility which is available to draw down as required. The credit facility carries an interest rate based on U.S. dollar LIBOR plus a margin of between 1.05 and 2.30 which is dependent on the Company s ratio of net debt to EBITDA. Net debt and EBITDA are non-GAAP measures of liquidity defined in the credit facility. At December 31, 2022, 0.0 million was drawn under the revolving credit facility. The Company previously entered into interest rate swap contracts to reduce interest rate risk on its core debt. As at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no interest rate swaps in place. Interest rate swaps have previously been used to hedge interest rate risk on a term loan for a notional value that matched the repayment profile of the term loan. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had no debt or finance leases and 147.1 million cash and cash equivalents. Assuming variable interest returns on the cash balances, a hypothetical absolute increase or decrease of 1 in U.S. base interest rates for a one-year period would increase or decrease net income and cash flows by approximately 1.5 million before tax. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

The above does not consider the effect of interest or exchange rate changes on overall activity nor management action to mitigate such changes. Exchange Rate Risk The Company generates an element of its revenues and incurs some operating costs in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The Company evaluates the functional currency of each reporting unit according to the economic environment in which it operates. Several major subsidiaries of the Company operating outside of the U.S. have the U.S. dollar as their functional currency due to the nature of the markets in which they operate. In addition, the financial position and results of operations of some of our overseas subsidiaries are reported in the relevant local currency and then translated to U.S. dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The primary foreign currencies in which we have exchange rate fluctuation exposure are the European Union euro, British pound sterling and Brazilian Real. Changes in exchange rates between these foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the recorded levels of our assets and liabilities, to the extent that such figures reflect the inclusion of foreign assets and liabilities which are translated into U.S. dollars for presentation in our Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as our results of operations. The Company s objective in managing the exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with foreign currency exchange rate changes. Accordingly, the Company enters into various contracts that change in value as foreign currency exchange rates change to protect the U.S. dollar value of its existing foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities, commitments, and cash flows. The Company also uses foreign currency forward exchange contracts to offset a portion of the Company s exposure to certain foreign currency denominated revenues so that gains and losses on these contracts offset changes in the U.S. dollar value of the related foreign currency denominated revenues. The objective of the hedging program is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The trading of our Performance Chemicals, Fuel Specialties and Oilfield Services segments is inherently naturally hedged and accordingly changes in exchange rates would not be material to our earnings or financial position. The cost base of our corporate costs, however, are largely denominated in British pound sterling. A 5 strengthening in the U.S. dollar against British pound sterling would increase reported operating income by approximately 1.6 million for a one-year period excluding the impact of any foreign currency forward exchange contracts. Where a 5 strengthening of the U.S. dollar has been used as an illustration, a 5 weakening would be expected to have the opposite effect on operating income. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Raw Material Cost Risk We use a variety of raw materials, chemicals and energy in our manufacturing and blending processes. Many of the raw materials that we use are derived from petrochemical-based and vegetable-based feedstocks which can be subject to periods of rapid and significant cost instability. These fluctuations in cost can be caused by political instability in oil producing nations and elsewhere, or other factors influencing global supply and demand of these materials, over which we have little or no control. We use long-term contracts (generally with fixed or formula-based costs) and advance bulk purchases to help ensure availability and continuity of supply, and to manage the risk of cost increases. From time to time we enter into hedging arrangements for certain raw materials, but do not typically enter into hedging arrangements for all raw materials, chemicals or energy costs. Should the costs of raw materials, chemicals or energy increase, and should we not be able to pass on these cost increases to our customers, then operating margins and cash flows from operating activities would be adversely impacted. Should raw material costs increase significantly, then the Company s need for working capital could similarly increase. Any of these risks could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 8

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the 

Board of Directors and Stockholders of Innospec Inc. 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Innospec Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows 

for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework

 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework

 (2013) issued by the COSO. 

 Basis for Opinions 

The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to 

50 

Table of Contents 
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

51 

Table of Contents 

Plant Closure Provisions 

As described in Notes 2 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, at December 31, 2022, the Company has recognized plant closure provisions of 57.2 million, the majority of which relates to asset retirement obligations. The Company recognizes asset retirement obligations when there is an obligation based on a legal requirement, including those arising from Company promises, and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The Company must comply with environmental legislation in the countries in which it operates or has operated in and annually reassesses the program of work required. This includes estimating the credit-adjusted risk free rate and the timing and cost of performing the remediation work. Management receives input from specialists to develop these estimates and assumptions utilizing the latest information available together with experience of recent costs. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the plant closure provisions is a critical audit matter are: (i) the significant judgment made by management when developing the estimate; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying procedures relating to the recognition and measurement of the asset retirement obligations; (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge; and (iv) the significant audit effort in evaluating the significant assumptions related to: the program of work required; and the timing and cost of performing the remediation work. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the recognition and measurement of the plant closure provisions. These procedures also included, among others: (i) testing management s process to recognize and measure the estimate; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation method; (iii) testing the data used in the calculation of the estimate; (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions including the assessment of the program of work required; the timing and cost of performing the remediation work; and the credit-adjusted risk-free rate; and (iv) evaluating the scope, competency, and objectivity of management s specialists based on the work they were engaged to perform. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating management s method and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions in respect of the program of the work required and the timing and cost of performing the remediation work.

/s/ 
 
 February 22, 2023. 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 52

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 in millions, except share and per share data) 

Years ended December 31

2022

2021

2020

Net sales

Cost of goods sold

() 

() 

() 

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Selling, general and administrative

() 

() 

() 
 
 Research and development

() 

() 

() 
 
 Restructuring charge

() 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets

() 
 
 Profit on disposal

Total operating expenses

() 

() 

() 

Operating income

Other (expense)/income, net

() 

Interest expense, net

() 

() 

() 

Income before income tax expense

Income tax expense

() 

() 

() 

Net income

Earnings per share:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands):

Basic

Diluted

The 

accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

5 3

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 in millions) 

Total comprehensive income for the years ended December 
31

2022

2021

2020

Net income

Changes in cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax of million, million and million, respectively

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service cost/(credit), net of tax of ) million, ) million and million, respectively

() 
 
 Amortization of actuarial net losses, net of tax of ) million, ) million and ) million, respectively

Actuarial net gains/(losses) arising during the year, net of tax of million, ) million and million, respectively

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income

The 

accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

5 4

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 in millions, except share and per share data) 

At December 31

2022

2021

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Trade and other accounts receivable (less allowances of million and million, respectively)

Inventories (less allowances of million and million, respectively):

Finished goods

Raw materials

Total inventories

Prepaid expenses

Prepaid income taxes

Other current assets

Total current assets

Net property, plant and equipment

Operating leases right-of-use

 assets

Goodwill

Other intangible assets

Deferred tax assets

Pension asset

Other non-current
 assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued liabilities

Current portion of finance leases

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

Current portion of plant closure provisions

Current portion of accrued income taxes

Total current liabilities

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion

Plant closure provisions, net of current portion

Accrued income taxes, net of current portion

Unrecognized tax benefits, net of current portion

Deferred tax liabilities

Pension liabilities and post-employment benefits

Other non-current
 liabilities

Total liabilities

Equity:

Common stock, par value, authorized shares, issued shares

Additional paid-in
 capital

Treasury stock and shares at cost, respectively)

() 

() 
 
 Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

Total Innospec stockholders equity

Non-controlling
 interest

Total equity

Total liabilities and equity

The 

accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

5 5

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 in millions) 

Years ended December 31

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Impairment of intangible assets

Impairment of tangible assets

Deferred taxes

() 

() 
 
 Profit on disposal

() 

Non-cash
 income of defined benefit pension plans

() 

() 

() 
 
 Stock option compensation

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquired and divested companies:

Trade and other accounts receivable

() 

() 

Inventories

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

() 
 
 Plant closure provisions

() 

Accrued income taxes

() 

() 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits

() 

() 
 
 Other assets and liabilities

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Capital expenditures

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment

Internally developed software

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

() 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Non-controlling
 interest

Proceeds from revolving credit facility

Repayments of revolving credit facility

() 
 
 Repayment of finance leases

() 

() 

() 
 
 Refinancing costs

() 
 
 Dividend paid

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issue of treasury stock

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 5 6

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

 in millions) 

Common

 Stock

Additional

 Paid-In

Capital

Treasury

 Stock

Retained

 Earnings

Accumulated Other

 Comprehensive Loss

Non- controlling Interest

Total Equity

Balance at December 31, 2019

() 

() 

Net income

Dividend paid per share)

() 

() 
 
 Changes in cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax

Share of net income

Treasury stock re-issued

() 

Treasury stock repurchased

() 

() 
 
 Stock option compensation

Amortization of prior service credit, net of tax

() 

() 
 
 Amortization of actuarial net losses, net of tax

Actuarial net losses
 arising during the year, net of tax

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020

() 

() 

Net income

Dividend paid per share)

() 

() 
 
 Changes in cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax

() 

() 
 
 Share of net income

Treasury stock re-issued

Treasury stock repurchased

() 

() 
 
 Stock option compensation

Amortization of prior service cost, net of tax

Amortization of actuarial net losses, net of tax

Actuarial net gains arising during the year, net of tax

Balance at December 31 2021

() 

() 

Net income

Dividend paid per share)

() 

() 
 
 Changes in cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax

() 

() 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest investment

Treasury stock re-issued

Treasury stock repurchased

() 

() 
 
 Stock option compensation

Amortization of prior service cost, net of tax

Amortization of actuarial net losses, net of tax

Actuarial net losses
 arising during the year, net of tax

() 

() 

Balance at December 31 2022

() 

() 

The 

accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

5 7

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

5 8

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5 9

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

60

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to years 

Equipment

to years 
 
 61

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to years 

Customer lists

to years 

Brand names

to years 

Product rights

to years 

Internally developed software

to years 

Marketing related

62

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6 3

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6 4

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as part of income taxes in our consolidated statements of income. 

 million of our net group sales. 
 
 6 5

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Home Care

Other

Performance Chemicals

Refinery and Performance

Other

Fuel Specialties

Oilfield Services

Operating income/(expense):

Performance Chemicals

Fuel Specialties

Oilfield Services

() 
 
 Octane Additives

() 
 
 Corporate costs

() 

() 

() 
 
 Restructuring charge

() 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets

() 
 
 Profit on disposal

Total operating income

Identifiable assets at year-end:

Performance Chemicals

Fuel Specialties

Oilfield Services

Corporate

The Company includes within the corporate costs line item the costs of: 

managing the group as a company with securities listed on the NASDAQ and registered with the SEC; 

the President/CEO s office, group finance, group human resources, group legal and compliance counsel, and investor relations; 

running the corporate offices in the U.S. and Europe; 
 
 6 6

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

United Kingdom

Rest of Europe

Rest of World

Sales between areas

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes:

United States North America

United Kingdom

Rest of Europe

Rest of World

Long-lived assets at year-end:

United States North America

United Kingdom

Rest of Europe

Rest of World

Identifiable assets at year-end:

United States North America

United Kingdom

Rest of Europe

Rest of World

Goodwill

Sales by geographical area are reported by source, being where the transactions originated. Intercompany sales are priced using an appropriate pricing methodology and are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Identifiable assets are those directly associated with the operations of the geographical area. 
 
 6 7

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Denominator (in thousands):

Weighted average common shares outstanding

Dilutive effect of stock options and awards

Denominator for diluted earnings per share

Net income per share, basic:

Net income per share, diluted:

In 2022, 2021 and 2020 the average number of anti-dilutive options excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share were , and respectively. 
 million for the restructuring of its Octane Additives segment in line with the end of the manufacturing and sale of TEL for use in motor gasoline. As a result, the Octane Additives segment ceased trading and is no longer a reporting segment from July 1, 2020. Production of TEL will continue for sales of our AvGas product line, as reported within our Fuel Specialties segment. 
 The restructuring charge comprised the future committed costs of environmental monitoring of million, remediation of facilities of million, contract termination costs of million, impairment of tangible assets of million and costs of redundancy due to the down-sizing
 of the TEL operations of million. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the utilization and the unwinding of the discounting was not material. 
 
 6 8

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Buildings

Equipment

Work in progress

Total gross cost

Less accumulated depreciation and impairment

() 

() 

Total net book value

Of the total net book value of equipment at December 31, 2022, million are in respect of assets held under finance leases (2021 million). 
 Depreciation charges were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 , some of which include options to terminate the leases within . 

Interest on lease liabilities

Total finance lease cost

Operating lease cost

Short-term lease cost

Variable lease cost

Total lease cost

6 9

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Operating cash flows from finance leases

Finance cash flows from finance leases

Right-of-use

 assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations:

Operating leases

Finance leases

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion

Total operating lease liabilities

Finance leases:

Property, plant and equipment at cost

Accumulated depreciation

() 

Net property, plant and equipment

Current portion of finance leases 

Finance leases, net of current portion

Total finance lease liabilities

70

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years 

years 

Finance leases

years 

Weighted average discount rate:

Operating leases

Finance leases

Year two

Year three

Year four

Year five

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less imputed interest

() 

Total

As of December 31, 2022, additional operating and finance leases that have not yet commenced are million. 
 Future lease payment for all non-cancellable
 operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

(in millions)

Operating Leases

Finance Leases

Within one year

Year two

Year three

Year four

Year five

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less imputed interest

() 

Total

As of December 31, 2021, additional operating and finance leases that have not yet commenced are million. 
 
 71

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accumulated impairment losses

Net book amount

Exchange effect

() 

() 

() 
 
 At December 31, 2021

Gross cost

Accumulated impairment losses

Net book amount

Exchange effect

() 

() 

() 
 
 At December 31, 2022

Gross cost

Accumulated impairment losses

Net book amount

The Company s reporting units, the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment, are consistent with the reportable segments: Performance Chemicals, Fuel Specialties and Oilfield Services. 
 The components in each segment (including products, markets and competitors) have similar economic characteristics and the segments, therefore, reflect the lowest level at which operations and cash flows can be clearly distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the Company. 
 The Company assesses goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis, initially based on a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a segment is less than the carrying amount. If a potential impairment is identified then an impairment test is performed. 
 The Company performed its annual impairment assessment in respect of goodwill as at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Our impairment assessment concluded that there had been impairment of goodwill in respect of those reporting units. 
 We believe that where appropriate the assumptions used in our impairment assessments are reasonable, but that they are judgmental, and variations in any of the assumptions may result in materially different calculations of any potential impairment charges. 
 
 72

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Additions

Written down in the year

() 

Exchange effect

() 

() 

Gross cost at December 31

Accumulated amortization at January 1

() 

() 
 
 Amortization expense

() 

() 
 
 Written down in the year

Exchange effect

Accumulated amortization at December 31

() 

() 

Net book amount at December 31

Amortization expense 

 The amortization expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation on the balance sheet, million, million and million of amortization, respectively, was recognized in cost of goods sold, and the remainder was recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 In 20 2
2,
 we capitalized million in relation to our internally developed software for a new Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system covering our EMEA and ASPAC regions. The expenses capitalized include the acquisition costs for the software as well as the external and internal costs of the development. We are expecting to complete the project in the first half of 2024 with the additional completion costs currently planned to be approximately 

 million. A timescale and plan for the further implementation of the new ERP system into our other regions has not been determined at this time. 

() 
 
 Brand names

() 
 
 Technology

() 
 
 Customer relationships

() 
 
 Internally developed software

() 
 
 Other

() 

() 

7 3

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

() 
 
 Brand names

() 
 
 Technology

() 
 
 Customer relationships

() 
 
 Internally developed software

() 
 
 Other

() 

() 

Future amortization expense is estimated to be as follows for the next five years: 

(in millions)

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

improving the security to the UK Plan and its members. The Company consequently benefits from the buy-in
 as it reduces the UK Plan s potential reliance on the Company for future cash funding requirements. 

 In 2022, the Company contributed million (2021 million) in cash to the UK Plan in accordance w ith a
n agreement with the trustees. For the year ending December 31, 2023, there 
are no plans to make cash contributions to the UK Plan. 

Interest cost on PBO 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Amortization of prior service cost/(credit)

() 
 
 Amortization of actuarial net losses

Settlement event

() 

Net periodic benefit

() 

() 

() 

Plan assumptions at December 31, ):

20 22

2021

2020

Discount rate

Inflation rate

Rate of return on plan assets overall on bid-value

Plan asset allocation by category ):

2022

2021

2020

Debt securities and insurance contracts

Equity securities and real estate

Cash

Following the buy-in,
 the UK Plan does not need to follow an investment strategy. The discount rate used represents the annualized yield based on a cash flow matched methodology with reference to an AA corporate bond spot curve and having regard to the duration of the UK Plan s liabilities. 

 The inflation rate is derived using a similar cash flow matched methodology as used for the discount rate but having regard to the difference between yields on fixed interest and index linked United Kingdom government gilts. 

A 

change in the discount rate assumption would change the PBO at December 31, 2022 by approximately 
 million and the net pension credit for 2023 would change by approximately 
 million.

change in the level of price inflation assumption would change the PBO at December 31, 2022 by approximately 
 million and the net pension credit for 2022 by approximately 
 million.

Interest cost

Service cost

Benefits paid

() 

() 
 
 Settlements

() 
 
 Plan amendments

Actuarial losses/(gains)

() 

() 
 
 Exchange effect

() 

() 

Closing balance

Fair value of plan assets:

Opening balance

Benefits paid

() 

() 
 
 Settlements

() 
 
 Actual return on assets

() 

Exchange effect

() 

() 

Closing balance

Net pension asset

Due to the UK Plan being closed to future accrual the PBO is equal to the Accumulated Benefit Obligation. 

The 

UK Plan holds approximately 
 (December 31, 2021) of the UK 
Plan s assets in debt securities issued by 
 non-U .
S .

 governments and government agencies. No more than 
 of the UK 
Plan s assets were invested in any one individual company s investment funds.

 Settlement 

The 2021 settlement threshold for the total of interest cost and service cost was triggered in October 2021 by the level of transfers paid out of the UK Plan during the year. As a result, a settlement value of million has been included for the PBO movements in 2021. 

Debt securities 

In the prior year, fixed income securities are valued based on quotations received from independent pricing services or from dealers who make markets in such securities and are classified as Level 1. Corporate debt securities are classified as Level 2 in line with the industry standard. 

Equity backed securities 

In the prior year, common and preferred stock for which market prices are readily available at the measurement date are valued at the last reported sale price or official closing price on the primary market or exchange on which they are actively traded. Other financial derivatives are classified as Level 2 and certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) have not been categorized with a hierarchy. 

Other asset backed securities 

 The Company has invested in insurance contracts, known as buy-in
 contracts. The value of the insurance contracts are based on significant unobservable inputs including plan participant medical data, in addition to observable inputs which include expected return on assets and estimated value premium. Therefore, we have classified the contracts as Level 3 investments. Fair value estimates are provided by external parties and are subsequently reviewed and approved by management.

Corporate debt securities

Equity backed securities:

Other financial derivatives

Other asset backed securities:

Insurance contracts

Real estate

Total assets at fair value

Cash

Total plan assets

Corporate debt securities

Equity backed securities:

Other financial derivatives

() 

() 
 
 Other asset backed securities:

Insurance contracts

Real estate

Total assets at fair value

Cash

Total plan assets

Realized/unrealized gains/(losses):

Relating to assets still held at the reporting date

Purchases, issuances and settlements

() 
 
 Exchange effect

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

Realized/unrealized gains/(losses):

Relating to assets still held at the reporting date

() 
 
 Purchases, issuances and settlements

Exchange effect

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

Interest cost on PBO

Expected return on plan assets

() 
 
 Amortization of prior service credit

Amortization of actuarial net losses

() 

Net periodic benefit

() 

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028-2032

German plan 

 The Company also maintains an unfunded defined benefit pension plan covering certain current and former employees in Germany (the German plan ), which is reported within our Fuel Specialties segment. The German plan is closed to new entrants and has no assets. 

Interest cost on PBO

Amortization of actuarial net loss

Net periodic cost

Plan assumptions at December 31, ): 

Discount rate

Inflation rate

Rate of increase in compensation levels

Service cost

Interest cost

Benefits paid

() 

() 
 
 Actuarial losses/(gains)

() 

() 
 
 Exchange effect

() 

() 

Closing balance

Other plans 

 As at December 31, 2022, we have post-employment obligations in our Performance Chemicals European businesses with a liability of million (December 31, 2021 million). For the year ended December 31, 2022 we have recognized an actuarial gain of million in other comprehensive loss in relation to the Performance Chemicals pension in France (December 31, 2021 0.1 million). 
 Company contributions to defined contribution schemes during 2022 were million (2021 million), across all our reporting segments. 
 
 80

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Reductions for tax positions of prior periods

() 

() 

() 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior periods

Closing balance at 31 December, 2020

Current

Non-current

Opening balance at January 1, 2021

Reductions for tax positions of prior periods

() 

() 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior periods

Closing balance at 31 December, 2021

Current

Non-current

Opening balance at January 1, 2022

Reductions for tax positions of prior periods

() 

() 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior periods

Closing balance at 31 December, 2022

Current

Non-current

All of the million of 

 unrecognized tax benefits would impact our effective tax rate if recognized. 

In 2021 a non-U.S.
 subsidiary, Innospec Limited, entered into a review by the U.K. tax authorities under the U.K. s Profit Diversion Compliance Facility PDCF in relation to the period 2017 to 2020 inclusive. The Company determined that additional tax and interest totaling million may arise as a result of the ongoing review. During 2022 the Company recorded an additional million of tax which was offset by a million reduction for foreign exchange movements. 
 A non-U.S.
 subsidiary, Innospec Performance Chemicals Italia Srl, is subject to an ongoing tax audit in relation to the period to inclusive. The Company has determined that additional tax, interest and penalties totaling million may arise as a consequence of the tax audit. This includes additional interest accrued of million which was offset by 
 
 81

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million foreign exchange movements recorded during 2022. As any additional tax arising as a consequence of the tax audit would be reimbursed by the previous owner under the terms of the sale and purchase agreement, an indemnification asset of the same amount is recorded in the financial statements to reflect this arrangement. 
 In 2018 the Company recorded an unrecognized tax benefit in relation to a potential adjustment that could arise as a consequence of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act ), but 

 for which retrospective adjustment to the filed 2017 U.S. federal income tax returns was not permissible. The Company has determined that additional tax, interest and penalties totaling million may arise in relation to this item. This includes a reduction in the unrecognized tax benefit of million related to tax adjustments recognized during 2022 that would offset adjustments arising as a consequence of the Tax Act. 
 The Company and its U.S. subsidiaries remain open to examination by the IRS for certain elements of 2017 year and for years 2019 onwards under the statute of limitations. The Company s subsidiaries in foreign tax jurisdictions are open to examination including Brazil (2018 onwards), Germany (2018 onwards), and the U.K. (2017 onwards). 

() 
 
 Foreign

State and local

Foreign

Deferred:

Federal

() 

() 

() 
 
 State and local

() 

() 

() 
 
 Foreign

() 

() 

() 

Cash payments for income taxes were million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 82

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Foreign income inclusions

Foreign tax rate differential

Tax charge/(credit) from previous years

Net charge/(credit) from unrecognized tax benefits

() 

() 
 
 Foreign currency transactions

() 
 
 Tax on unremitted earnings

Non-deductible
 foreign interest

Change in U.K. statutory tax rate

State and local taxes

U.S. incentive for foreign derived intangible income

() 

() 

() 
 
 Innovation incentives current year

() 

() 

() 
 
 Innovation incentives prior years

() 
 
 Non-deductible
 officer compensation

Tax on closure of legacy operations

Other items and adjustments, net

() 

() 

Foreign income inclusions arise each year from certain types of income earned overseas being taxable under U.S. tax regulations. Foreign tax credits can fully or partially offset these incremental U.S. taxes from foreign income inclusions. The utilization of foreign tax credits varies year on year as this is dependent on a number of variable factors which are difficult to predict and may prevent offset. The effective tax rate is negatively impacted by the net impact of foreign inclusions post foreign tax credit usage in 2022. 
 As a consequence of the Company having operations outside of the U.S., it is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations. These have had a negative impact on the effective tax rate in 2022. 
 In 2022 there was an increase in the level of profits arising in the U.S. compared to prior periods. This has increased the amount of state and local taxes falling due, which has had a negative impact on the effective tax rate, but has also increased the level of foreign-derived intangible income benefit that the Company is entitled to, which has had a positive impact on the effective tax rate in the year. 
 Other items do not have a significant impact on the effective tax rate. 
 
 8 3

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Net operating loss carry forwards

Other intangible assets

Accretion expense

Restructuring provision

Employee related liabilities

Foreign tax credits

Operating lease liabilities

Inventory provisions

Research and experimental expenditure

Other

Subtotal

Less valuation allowance

() 

() 

Total net deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property, plant and equipment

() 

() 
 
 Intangible assets including goodwill

() 

() 
 
 Pension asset

() 

() 
 
 Customer relationships

() 

() 
 
 Unremitted overseas earnings

() 

() 
 
 Right-of-use

 assets

() 

() 
 
 Other

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities

() 

() 

() 

() 

The Company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of the existing deferred tax assets. Available evidence considered in determining the use of deferred tax assets includes, but is not limited to, cumulative losses arising in recent accounting periods, the Company s estimate of future taxable income and any applicable tax-planning
 strategies. Based on such evidence, if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of such deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the Company s deferred tax assets. On the basis of this evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, a valuation allowance of 
 
 8 4

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million has been recorded to recognize

 only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carry forward period are reduced or increased or if other evidence becomes available. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately million of tax-effected
 U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards. These loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely without expiration, and the Company expects to utilize the losses in their entirety. The Company has approximately million of tax-effected
 state net operating loss carryforwards, net of federal benefit. Some of these loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2036 if not utilized, while other s
 can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company also has approximately million of tax-effected foreign net operating loss carryforwards, net of valuation allowance, across four of the Company s foreign subsidiaries, which can also be carried forward indefinitely. 
 t drawn down on its revolving credit facility. 
 The Company continues to have available a million revolving credit facility until . The facility contains an accordion feature whereby the Company may elect to increase the total available borrowings by an aggregate amount of up to million. 
 million (December 31, 2021 million) related to the arrangement of the credit facility, are included within other current and non-current
 assets at the balance sheet dates. 

(in millions)

2022

2021

Gross cost at January 1

Capitalized in the year

Accumulated amortization at January 1

() 

() 
 
 Amortization in the year

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net book value at December 31

Amortization expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The charge is included in interest expense, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 8 5

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. Payments of interest on long-term debt were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The net cash outflows in respect of refinancing costs were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 8 6

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Charge for the period excluding restructuring

Restructuring (see Note 5)

Utilized in the period

() 

() 

() 
 
 Exchange effect

() 

() 

Total at December 31

Due within one year

() 

() 

() 

Due after one year

Amounts due within one year refer to provisions where expenditure is expected to arise within one year of the balance sheet date. 
 The charge for the period in 2022 represents the accretion expense recognized of million and a further million primarily in respect of changes in the expected cost and scope of future remediation activities. The charges for plant closure provisions are recognized in cost of goods sold for our reporting segments and within selling, general and administrative expenses for Corporate costs. 
 The Octane Additives segment ceased trading and is no longer a reporting segment from July 1, 2020. As a result, there was a one-off
 charge in 2020 of million for the restructuring activities related to the legacy production of TEL for use in motor gasoline. 
 We recognize environmental remediation liabilities when they are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated, and asset retirement obligations when there is an obligation based on a legal requirement, including those arising from a Company promise, and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The Company has to anticipate the program of work required and the associated future expected costs, and comply with environmental legislation in the countries in which it operates or has operated in. 

Expenditure utilizing plant closure provisions was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 8 7

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Derivatives (Level 1 measurement):

Other current and non-current
 assets:

Emissions Trading Scheme credits

Liabilities

Non-derivatives:

Finance leases (including current portion)

Derivatives (Level 1 measurement):

Other current liabilities:

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts

Non-financial
 liabilities (Level 3 measurement):

Stock equivalent units

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values: 
 Cash and cash equivalents:

 The carrying amount approximates fair value because of the short-term maturities of such instruments. 
 
 8 8

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 interest rate swaps in place. Interest rate swaps were previously in place to hedge interest rate risk on the term loan for a notional value that matched the repayment profile of the term loan. 
 The Company enters into various foreign currency forward exchange contracts to minimize currency exchange rate exposure from expected future cash flows. As at December 31, 2022, foreign currency forward exchange contracts with a notional value of million were in place (December 31, 2021 million), with maturity dates of up to from the date of inception. These foreign currency forward exchange contracts have not been designated as hedging instruments, and their impact on the income statement for 2022 was a gain of million (2021 gain million). 
 As at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company did not hold any raw material derivatives. 
 The Company participates in the new United Kingdom Emissions Trading Scheme UK ETS which was launched on January 1, 2021. Emissions trading schemes work on the cap and trade principle, where a cap is set on the total amount of certain greenhouse gases that 

can be emitted by sectors covered by the scheme. This limits the total amount of carbon that can be emitted. Within this cap, participants receive free allowances and/or buy emission allowances at auction or on the secondary market which they can trade with other participants as needed. As at December 31, 2022, the Company held UK ETS credits of million (December 31, 2021 million). 
 The Company sells a range of specialty chemicals to major oil refiners and chemical companies throughout the world. Credit limits, ongoing credit evaluation and account monitoring procedures are intended to minimize bad debt risk. Collateral is not generally required. 
 million (2021 million). 

 Internally developed software

The estimated additional cost to complete work in progress at December 31, 2022 is million (2021 million). 

Contingencies

Legal matters 

While we are involved from time to time in claims and legal proceedings that result from, and are incidental to, the conduct of our business including business and commercial litigation, employee and product liability claims, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or of which any of their property is subject. It is possible however, that an adverse resolution of an unexpectedly large number of such individual items could in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on results of operations for a particular year or quarter. 
 Guarantees 

The Company and certain of the Company s consolidated subsidiaries are contingently liable for certain obligations of affiliated companies primarily in the form of guarantees of debt and performance under contracts entered into as a normal business practice. This includes 

guarantees 

 of non-U.S.
 excise taxes and customs duties. As at December 31, 2022, such guarantees which are not recognized as liabilities in the consolidated financial statements amounted to million (December 31, 2021 million). The remaining terms of the fixed maturity guarantees vary from approximately month to years, with some further guarantees having no fixed expiry date.

Exercise of options

() 

() 

() 
 
 Stock purchases

At December 31

At December 31, 2022, the Company had authorized common stock of shares (2021 - ). 
 stock option plans, the Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan and the ShareSave Plan 2008 under which it currently grants awards. The stock options have vesting periods ranging from to years and in all cases stock options granted expire within years of the date of grant. All grants are at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Grants may be priced at market value or at a premium or discount. The aggregate number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance which can be granted under the plans is . 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, a number of stock options that were granted to employees in February 2018 were modified to extend the vesting period by . The incremental compensation cost resulting from the modifications was million, resulting from the performance targets that were not achieved in 2020 being extended to a future period.

91

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to years and in all cases SEUs granted expire within years of the date of grant. Grants may be priced at market value or at a premium or discount. There is no limit to the number of SEUs that can be granted. As at December 31, 2022 the liability for SEUs of million is included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet, where they will remain
 until they are cash settled. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, a number of SEUs that were granted to employees in February 2018 were modified to extend the vesting period by . The adjusted compensation cost resulting from the modifications has been recognised by the fair valuation at the balance sheet date based on the extended vesting period. 
 The fair value of SEUs is re-measured
 at each balance sheet reporting date using either the Black-Scholes model, or in cases where performance criteria are dependent upon external factors such as the Company s stock price, using a Monte Carlo model. 
 Compensation cost 

 The compensation cost recorded for stock options was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The compensation cost for stock options is based on the grant-date fair value and spread evenly over the vesting period. 
 The compensation cost recorded for SEUs was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The compensation cost for SEUs is spread over the life of the award subject to a revaluation to the fair value at each quarter end. The revaluation may result in a charge or a credit to the income statement in each quarter dependent upon our share price movements and other performance criteria. 
 Forfeits are accounted for as an adjustment to the charge in the period in which the forfeits occur. 
 
 92

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Expected life

Volatility

Risk free interest rate

The dividend yield was based on our recent history of dividend payouts. The expected life was determined based upon historical exercise experience. The volatility was determined based upon the historical
 daily stock price volatilities. The risk free interest rate was based on the U.S. Federal Reserve 3 year interest rate at the grant dates, which approximates to the expected term of the options. 

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022

Number of shares

Weighted

 Average

 Exercise

 price

Outstanding at December 31, 2021

Granted

Exercised

() 

Forfeited

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

Exercisable at December 31, 2022

9 3

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 
 
 years.

The total intrinsic value of share-based compensation plans outstanding at December 31, 2022 was million. The total intrinsic value of share-based compensation plans exercisable at December 31, 2022 was million. The total intrinsic value of share-based compensation plans exercised for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million. 
 The total cash paid for SEUs exercised for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million. 
 The total fair value of share-based compensation that vested for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of share-based compensation plans granted during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 The Company recorded a current tax charge of million in 2022, and a current tax benefit of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, in relation to stock option compensation. This amount is inclusive of excess tax benefits. 

See (1) below 
 
 Amortization of actuarial net losses

See (1) below 

Total before tax 

() 
 
 Income tax expense 

Total reclassifications

Net of tax 

(1)
 
 These items are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

9 4

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income/(losses) before reclassifications

() 

() 
 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCL

Actuarial net gains/(losses) arising during the year

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive income/(losses)

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

() 

() 

() 

See (1) below 

Amortization of actuarial net losses

See (1) below 

Total before tax 

() 

Income tax expense 

Total reclassifications

Net of tax 

(1)
 
 These items are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income/(losses) before reclassifications

() 

() 
 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCL

Actuarial net gains arising during the year

Net current period other comprehensive
 income/(losses)

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

() 

() 

9 5

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million (2021 million). As at December 31, 2022, the Company owed million to AdvanSix (December 31, 2021 million). 
 Mr. Robert I. Paller has been a non-executive
 director of the Company since November 1, 2009. The Company has retained and continues to retain Smith, Gambrell Russell, LLP SGR ), a law firm with which Mr. Paller holds a position. In 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company incurred fees payable to SGR of million, million and million, respectively. As at December 31, 2022 the Company owed million to SGR (December 31, 2021 million). 
 Mr. David F. Landless has been a non-executive
 director of the Company since January 1, 2016 and is a non-executive
 director of Ausurus Group Limited which owns European Metal Recycling Limited EMR ). The Company has sold scrap metal to EMR in 2022 for a value
 
 9 6

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million (2021 million; 2020 million). A tendering process is operated periodically 
to select the best buyer for the sale of scrap metal by the Company. As at December 31, 2022 EMR owed million (December 31, 2021 million). 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Item 9

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Based on an evaluation carried out as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (within the meaning of Rule 13a-15(f)
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Due to its inherent limitations, management does not believe that internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors or fraud. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Based on criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the evaluation of our management, 

98 

Table of Contents 
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

 Our independent registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited our Consolidated Financial Statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their report is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

The Company is continuously seeking to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its operations and of its internal controls. This is intended to result in refinements to processes throughout the Company. 

 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting which were identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15
 and 15d-15
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B

Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

 PART III

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information set forth under the headings Election of two Class I Directors, Corporate Governance Board Committees Audit Committee Audit Committee Financial Expert, Information about the Executive Officers and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 4, 2023 the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

 The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to the Company s directors, officers and employees, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Any stockholder who would like to receive a copy of our Code of Conduct, our Corporate Governance Guidelines or any charters of our Board s committees may obtain them without charge by writing to the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer, Innospec Inc., 8310 South Valley Highway, Suite 350, Englewood, Colorado, 80112, e-mail
 i nvestor@innospec.com
. These and other documents can also be accessed via the Company s website, www.innospec.com
. 

99 

Table of Contents 
 The Company intends to disclose on its website www.innospec.com
 any amendments to, or waivers from, its Code of Conduct that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to the rules of the SEC or Nasdaq. 
 Information regarding the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, including membership and requisite financial expertise, set forth under the headings Corporate Governance Board Committees Audit Committee in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Information regarding the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors set forth under the heading Corporate Governance Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Director in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11

Executive Compensation 

The information set forth under the headings Executive Compensation, Corporate Governance Board Committees Compensation Committee Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation Committee Report in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information set forth under the heading Who Owns Our Stock? Information about our Common Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Shares Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The information set forth in the table under the heading Equity Compensation Plans in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information set forth under the headings Corporate Governance Related Person Transactions and Relationships, Corporate Governance Related Person Transactions Approval Policy and Corporate Governance Director Independence in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Information regarding fees and services related to the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, is provided under the heading Principal Accountant Fees and Services in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the Audit Committee s pre-approval
 policies and procedures is provided under the heading Audit Committee Pre-approval
 Policies and Procedures in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

100 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV

Item 15

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(1)

Financial Statements 

The Consolidated Financial Statements (including Notes) of Innospec Inc. and its subsidiaries, together with the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID 00 dated February 22, 2023, are set forth in Item 8. 

(2)

Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either included in the financial statements, not applicable or not required. 

(3)

Exhibits 

2.1 
 Amended and Restated Share and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2016, by and between Huntsman Investments (Netherlands) B.V. and Innospec International Ltd (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K on January 3, 2017). 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-K on February 19, 2020). 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K on November 13, 2015). 

3.3 
 Innospec Inc. 2018 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed May 10, 2018). 

3.4 
 Innospec Inc. ShareSave Plan 2008 (as amended and restated) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed May 10, 2018). 

4.1 
 Description of Common Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 10-K on February 19, 2020). 

10.1 
 Executive Service Agreement of Mr. Philip J. Boon dated June 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K on May 27, 2009). 

10.2 
 Executive Service Letter to Mr. Philip J. Boon dated October 15, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Company s Form 10-K on February 17, 2016). 

101 

Table of Contents 

10.3 
 Contract of Employment, Mr. Ian McRobbie (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Form 10-K on March 28, 2003). 

10.4 
 Contract of Employment, Mr. Patrick Williams, dated October 11, 2005, (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Form 8-K on October 12, 2005) and Executive Service Agreement dated April 2, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K on April 3, 2009). 

10.5 
 Contract of Employment, Mr. Ian Cleminson, dated June 30, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Form 8-K on June 30, 2006). 

10.6 
 Innospec Inc. Performance Related Stock Option Plan 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement on April 1, 2011). 

10.7 
 Innospec Inc. Company Share Option Plan 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Company s Proxy Statement on April 1, 2011). 

10.8 
 Innospec Inc. Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C of the Company s Proxy Statement on April 1, 2011). 

10.9 
 Innospec Inc. ShareSave Plan 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Appendix D of the Company s Proxy Statement on March 31, 2008). 

10.10 
 Innospec Inc. Executive Co-Investment Stock Plan 2004, as amended by the First Amendment 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form 10-K on February 17, 2012). 

10.11 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for individual who is an officer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2014). 

10.12 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for individual who is a director (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2014). 

10.13 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for individual who is an officer and director (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2014). 

10.14 
 Innospec Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2014). 

102 

Table of Contents 

10.15 
 250,000,000 Multicurrency Revolving Facility Agreement with various lenders dated September 26, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K on September 30, 2019). 

10.16 
 Innospec Inc. 2018 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed May 10, 2018). 

10.17 
 Innospec Inc. ShareSave Plan 2008 (as amended and restated) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed May 10, 2018) 

10.18 
 Extension Request for Multicurrency Revolving Facility Agreement and Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed October 6, 2020) 

10.19 
 Innospec Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. (filed herewith) 

21.1 
 Principal Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith). 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (filed herewith). 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

101 
 XBRL Instance Document and Related Items. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan. 

103 

Table of Contents 

Item 16

Form 10-K
 Summary 

Not Applicable. 

104 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INNOSPEC INC. 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ PATRICK S. WILLIAMS

(Registrant) 

Patrick S. Williams 
 
 Date:

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 22, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of February 22, 2023: 

/s/ MILTON C. BLACKMORE

 Milton C. Blackmore

Chairman and Director 

/s/ PATRICK S. WILLIAMS

 Patrick S. Williams

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer); Director 

/s/ IAN P. CLEMINSON

 Ian P. Cleminson

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ GRAEME BLAIR

 Graeme Blair

Head of Group Finance (Principal Accounting Officer) 

s/ KELLER ARNOLD

 Keller Arnold

Director 

/s/ DAVID F. LANDLESS

 David F. Landless

Director 

/s/ LAWRENCE J. PADFIELD

 Lawrence J. Padfield

Director 

/s/ ROBERT I. PALLER

 Robert I. Paller

Director 

/s/ LESLIE J. PARRETTE

 Leslie J. Parrette

Director 

/s/ CLAUDIA POCCIA

 Claudia Poccia

Director 

105 

<EX-10.19>
 2
 d260528dex1019.htm
 EX-10.19

EX-10.19 

Exhibit 10.19 
 INNOSPEC INC. 
 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 As Amended and Restated 
 Effective January 1, 2023 

INNOSPEC INC. 
 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 Effective as of the 1st day of January, 2023, Innospec, Inc. (the Controlling Company hereby amends and restates
the Innospec Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan ). BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE 
 A. Background . The Plan was adopted effective as of January 1, 2019. Effective January 1,
2023, the Plan, as set forth in this document, is intended and should be construed as a restatement and continuation of the Plan as previously in effect. The Second Restated and Amended Innospec Active Chemicals LLC Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation Plan will be merged with the Plan effective as of March 1, 2023. B. 
 Goal . The Controlling Company desires to provide to key management employees of the participating companies the following benefits: (i) an opportunity to defer the receipt and income taxation of a portion of such
employees annual compensation; and (ii) discretionary company deferred contributions. C.
 Purpose . This restatement is intended to (i) revise the provisions regarding eligibility to participate; (ii) clarify the compensation elements that are eligible to be deferred under the Plan at the election of
participants; (iii) revise the maximum deferral rates permitted; (iv) revise the payment timing of death benefits; (v) update and clarify various administrative and operational provisions of the Plan; and (vi) reflect the merger
of the Second Restated and Amended Innospec Active Chemicals LLC Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan into the Plan. 
 D. Type of Plan . The Plan constitutes an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan
that benefits certain designated employees who are within a select group of key management or highly compensated employees. It is intended that this Plan comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. STATEMENT OF AGREEMENT 
 To amend and restate the Plan with the purposes and goals as hereinabove described, the Controlling Company hereby sets forth
the terms and provisions of the Plan as follows: 

INNOSPEC INC. 
 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 

1 

1.1 
 
 Account 

1 

1.2 
 
 Active Chemicals Frozen Plan 

1 

1.3 
 
 Administrative Committee 

1 

1.4 
 
 Affiliate 

1 

1.5 
 
 Base Salary 

1 

1.6 
 
 Base Salary Contributions 

1 

1.7 
 
 Beneficiary 

1 

1.8 
 
 Bonus 

2 

1.9 
 
 Bonus Contributions 

2 

1.10 
 
 Bonus Election 

2 

1.11 
 
 Board 

2 

1.12 
 
 Code 

2 

1.13 
 
 Controlling Company 

2 

1.14 
 
 Deferral Contributions 

2 

1.15 
 
 Disability or Disabled 

2 

1.16 
 
 Discretionary Contributions 

2 

1.17 
 
 Effective Date 

2 

1.18 
 
 Eligible Employee 

2 

1.19 
 
 ERISA 

3 

1.20 
 
 FICA Tax 

3 

1.21 
 
 Financial Hardship 

3 

1.22 
 
 Investment Committee 

3 

1.23 
 
 Investment Election 

3 

1.24 
 
 Investment Funds 

3 

1.25 
 
 Key Employee 

3 

1.26 
 
 Participant 

4 

1.27 
 
 Participating Company 

4 

1.28 
 
 Payment Date 

4 

1.29 
 
 Performance-Based Bonus 

4 

1.30 
 
 Plan 

5 

1.31 
 
 Plan Year 

5 

1.32 
 
 Retirement 

5 

1.33 
 
 Retirement Age 

5 

1.34 
 
 Salary Deferral Election 

5 

1.35 
 
 Separate from Service or Separation from Service 

5 

(a) Leaves of Absence 

5 

(b) Status Change 

6 
 
 i 

(c) Termination of Employment 

6 

1.36 
 
 SEU Award 

6 

1.37 
 
 SEU Contributions 

6 

1.38 
 
 SEU Election 

7 

1.39 
 
 Trust or Trust Agreement 

7 

1.40 
 
 Trustee 

7 

1.41 
 
 Valuation Date 

7 

1.42 
 
 Years of Service 

7 

ARTICLE II ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

8 

2.1 
 
 Generally 

8 

(a) Deferral Contributions 

8 

(b) Discretionary Contributions 

8 

2.2 
 
 Procedure for Admission 

8 

2.3 
 
 Cessation of Eligibility 

8 

2.4 
 
 Merger of Active Chemicals Frozen Plan 

9 

(a) 409A Compliance 

9 

(b) Beneficiary Designations 

9 

ARTICLE III PARTICIPANTS ACCOUNTS; DEFERRALS AND CREDITING 

10 

3.1 
 
 Participants Accounts 

10 

(a) Establishment of Accounts 

10 

(b) Nature of Contributions and Accounts 

10 

(c) Several Liabilities 

10 

(d) General Creditors 

10 

3.2 
 
 Deferral Contributions 

10 

(a) Effective Date 

11 

(b) Term and Irrevocability of Election 

11 

(c) Amount 

12 

3.3 
 
 Discretionary Contributions 

12 

3.4 
 
 Debiting of Distributions 

12 

3.5 
 
 Adjustment for Earnings and Losses 

12 

3.6 
 
 Value of Account 

12 

3.7 
 
 Vesting 

12 

(a) Deferral Accounts 

12 

(b) Discretionary Contribution Accounts. 

12 

(c) Active Chemicals Frozen Plan Accounts 

13 

(d) Forfeiture 

13 

3.8 
 
 Notice to Participants of Account Balances 

13 

3.9 
 
 Good Faith Valuation Binding 

13 

3.10 
 
 Errors and Omissions in Accounts 

13 

ARTICLE IV INVESTMENT FUNDS 

14 

4.1 
 
 Selection by Investment Committee 

14 

4.2 
 
 Participant Direction of Deemed Investments 

14 

(a) Nature of Participant Direction 

14 

(b) Investment of Contributions 

14 

ii 

(c) Investment of Existing Account Balances 

14 

(d) Administrative Committee Discretion 

14 

ARTICLE V PAYMENT OF ACCOUNT BALANCES 

16 

5.1 
 
 Amount of Benefit Payments for Account 

16 

5.2 
 
 Timing and Form of Distribution 

16 

(a) Timing of Distributions 

16 

(b) Form of Distributions 

16 

(c) Modifications of Form of Payment Upon Retirement 

17 

(d) Medium of Payment 

17 

(e) Cash-out 

17 

5.3 
 
 Death Benefits 

19 

5.4 
 
 Distribution of Account Discretionary Contributions 

19 

(a) Determination by Grantor 

19 

(b) Default Payment in Absence of Designation by Grantor 

19 

5.5 
 
 Hardship Withdrawals 

19 

5.6 
 
 Taxes 

20 

(a) Amounts Payable Whether or Not Account is in Pay Status 

20 

(b) Amounts Payable Only if Account is in Pay Status 

20 

5.7 
 
 Offset of Account by Amounts Owed to the Affiliates 

20 

5.8 
 
 No Acceleration of Account Payments 

21 

ARTICLE VI CLAIMS 

22 

6.1 
 
 Rights 

22 

6.2 
 
 Claim Procedure 

22 

(a) Initial Claim 

22 

(b) Appeal 

23 

6.3 
 
 Satisfaction of Claims 

24 

ARTICLE VII SOURCE OF FUNDS; TRUST 

25 

7.1 
 
 Source of Funds 

25 

7.2 
 
 Trust 

25 

(a) Establishment 

25 

(b) Distributions 

25 

(c) Status of the Trust 

25 

7.3 
 
 Funding Prohibition under Certain Circumstances 

25 

ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATIVE AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEES 

26 

8.1 
 
 Action of Administrative Committee 

26 

8.2 
 
 Rights and Duties of Administrative Committee 

26 

8.3 
 
 Compensation, Indemnity and Liability 

27 

8.4 
 
 Investment Committee 

27 

(a) Appointment 

27 

(b) Duties 

27 

8.5 
 
 Delegation and Discretion 

27 

(a) Delegation 

27 

(b) Discretion 

27 

iii 

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

28 

9.1 
 
 Amendments 

28 

9.2 
 
 Termination of Plan 

28 

(a) Freezing 

28 

(b) Termination 

28 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 

29 

10.1 
 
 Beneficiary Designation 

29 

(a) General 

29 

(b) No Designation or Designee Dead or Missing 

29 

10.2 
 
 Distribution Pursuant to Domestic Relations Order 

29 

10.3 
 
 Taxation and Construction under 409A 

29 

10.4 
 
 No Employment Contract 

30 

10.5 
 
 Headings 

30 

10.6 
 
 Gender and Number 

30 

10.7 
 
 Assignment of Benefits 

30 

10.8 
 
 Legally Incompetent 

30 

10.9 
 
 Governing Law 

30 

EXHIBIT A 

A-1 

iv 

ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of the Plan, the following terms, when used with an initial capital letter, will have the meaning set forth below
unless a different meaning plainly is required by the context. 1.1 Account means, with respect to a
Participant or Beneficiary, the total dollar amount or value evidenced by the last balance posted in accordance with the terms of the Plan to the account record established for such Participant or Beneficiary. As determined by the Administrative
Committee, an Account may be divided into separate subaccounts. 1.2 Active Chemicals Frozen Plan means the
Second Restated and Amended Innospec Active Chemicals LLC Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, which will be merged into the Plan effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 1.3 Administrative Committee means the committee designated by the Board to act on behalf of the Controlling
Company to administer the Plan. If at any time the Board has not designated an Administrative Committee, the Controlling Company will serve as the Administrative Committee. Subject to the limitation in Section 8.1 relating to decisions that affect
solely their own benefits under the Plan, individuals who are management level employees and/or Participants may serve as members of the Administrative Committee. The Administrative Committee will act on behalf of the Controlling Company to
administer the Plan, all as provided in Article VIII. 1.4 Affiliate means the Controlling Company and any
corporation or other entity that is required to be aggregated with the Controlling Company under Code Sections 414(b) or (c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining whether a Separation from Service has occurred with any
Participating Company, the term Affiliate will include such Participating Company and all entities that would be treated as a single employer with such Participating Company under Code Sections 414(b) or (c), but substituting at
least 50 percent instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears in applying such rules. 1.5
 Base Salary means, for a Participant for any Plan Year, the total of such Participant s base salary, prior to any deductions, for such Plan Year payable either (i) before the Participant s Separation from Service; or (ii) within
2 weeks after the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, but specifically excluding any such amounts that are paid to the Participant by Affiliates that are not active Participating Companies. 
 1.6 Base Salary Contributions means, for a Participant for each Plan Year, the portion of such
Participant s Base Salary deferred under the plan pursuant to Section 3.2. 1.7 Beneficiary means, with
respect to a Participant, the person(s) designated in accordance with Section 10.1 to receive any death benefits that may be payable under the Plan upon the death of the Participant. 
 1 

1.8 Bonus means, for a Participant for any Plan Year, that
portion of an Eligible Employee s compensation for that Plan Year, payable either (i) before the Participant s Separation from Service; or (ii) within 2 weeks after the date of the Participant s Separation from Service,
prior to any deductions, as a bonus under any annual division-based bonus program of a Participating Company, whether such bonus is paid quarterly or annually. 
 1.9 Bonus Contributions means, for a Participant for any Plan Year, that portion of such Participant s
Bonus deferred under the Plan pursuant to Section 3.2. 1.10 Bonus Election means a written, electronic
or other form of election permitted by the Administrative Committee, pursuant to which a Participant may elect to defer under the Plan all or a portion of his Bonus. 
 1.11 Board means the Board of Directors of the Controlling Company. 
 1.12 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any succeeding federal tax provisions. 
 1.13 Controlling Company means Innospec, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 1.14 Deferral Contributions means, for each Plan Year, a Participant s Base Salary Contributions, SEU
Contributions and Bonus Contributions. 1.15 Disability or Disabled means that (A)(i) the Participant
is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months;
(ii) the Participant is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement
benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Affiliate that employs the Participant; or (iii) determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration; and
(B) the Participant is considered disabled within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 1.16 Discretionary
Contributions means the amount (if any) credited to a Participant s Account pursuant to Section 3.3. 
 1.17 Effective Date means January 1, 2023, the date that this amendment and restatement of the Plan will be
effective. The Plan was initially effective on January 1, 2019. 1.18 Eligible Employee means,
for a Plan Year, an individual (i) who is on the U.S. payroll of a Participating Company; and (ii) except as otherwise determined by the Administrative Committee in its sole discretion, who holds a position of Vice President or higher with
a Participating Company. The Administrative Committee, from time to time and in its sole discretion, may designate such other individuals, on an individual basis or as part of a specified group, as eligible to participate in the Plan.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to be an Eligible Employee , such an employee must be a member of a select group of key management or highly compensated employees of the Affiliates. 
 2 

1.19 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended. 1.20 FICA Tax means the Federal Insurance Contributions Act tax imposed under Code
Sections 3101, 3121(a) and 3121(v)(2). 1.21 Financial Hardship means a severe financial hardship to the
Participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the Participant or of the Participant s dependent (as defined in Code Section 152(a)) or the Participant s Beneficiary, loss of the Participant s property due
to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. Financial Hardship will be determined by the Administrative Committee on the basis of the facts of each
case, including information supplied by the Participant in accordance with uniform guidelines prescribed from time to time by the Administrative Committee; provided, the Participant will be deemed not to have a Financial Hardship to the extent that
such hardship is or may be relieved: (a) Through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise; 
 (b) By liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of assets would not itself cause severe
financial hardship; or (c) By cessation of deferrals under the Plan. 
 Examples of what are not considered Financial Hardships include the need to send a Participant s child to college or the desire to
purchase a home. 1.22 Investment Committee means the Innospec Retirement Plan Committee, or successor
fiduciary committee that is appointed to oversee the investment of the Controlling Company s 401(k) plan. The Investment Committee will serve as the committee that will make and effect investment decisions, as provided in Article VIII. To the
extent that an Investment Committee is not appointed, the Controlling Company will be the Investment Committee. 1.23
 Investment Election means an election, made in such form as the Administrative Committee may direct, pursuant to which a Participant may elect the Investment Funds in which the amounts credited to his Account will be deemed to be
invested. 1.24 Investment Funds means the investment funds selected from time to time by the Investment
Committee for purposes of determining the rate of return on amounts deemed invested pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 1.25 Key Employee means a Participant who is a specified employee as defined in Code Section 409A as
of: (i) for a Participant who Separates from Service on or after the first day of a calendar year and before the first day of the fourth month of such calendar year, the December 31 of the second calendar year preceding the calendar year in which
such Participant Separates from Service; or (ii) for any other Participant, the preceding December 31. For purposes of identifying Key Employees, the Participant s compensation means all of the items 
 3 

listed in Treasury Regulations
 Section 1.415(c)-2(b), and excluding all of the items listed in Treasury Regulations Section 1.415(c)-2(c). 
 1.26 Participant means any person who has been admitted to, and has not been removed from, participation in the
Plan pursuant to the provisions of Article II. 1.27 Participating Company means all Affiliates, except that
any Affiliate may be excluded from active participation in the Plan for a given Plan Year by action of the Administrative Committee. In the event that an Affiliate has been a Participating Company in the Plan for one or more Plan Years but is
excluded from future active participation in the Plan by Administrative Committee action, such Affiliate will be considered a Participating Company hereunder solely with respect to provisions related to existing Accounts and will not be considered
an active Participating Company. Excluded Affiliates may be listed on Schedule A hereto (which may be updated from time to time without necessity of amending the Plan), or in other records of the Administrative Committee. 
 1.28 Payment Date means the date on which all or a portion of the Participant s benefit is scheduled to be
paid (in the case of a lump-sum payment) or commenced (in the case of installment payments) pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 1.29 Performance-Based Bonus means any bonus or award, the amount of which or the entitlement to which is
contingent on the satisfaction of pre-established organizational or individual performance criteria relating to a performance period of at least 12 consecutive months. For all or part of a Bonus or SEU Award
to be performance-based with respect to a Participant s Bonus Election or SEU Election, the following requirements must be met: 
 (a) The performance criteria must be established in writing no later than 90 days after the beginning of the applicable
 performance period (b) The outcome of the performance criteria must be substantially uncertain when the
criteria are established; (c) No portion of the Bonus or SEU Award that will be paid either regardless of
performance, or based upon a level of performance that is substantially certain to be met at the time the criteria are established, will be considered a Performance-Based Bonus; 
 (d) A Performance-Based Bonus will not include payments based upon subjective performance criteria unless: 
 (i) the subjective performance criteria are bona fide and relate to the Participant s performance,
the performance of a group of employees that includes the Participant, or the performance of a business unit for which the Participant provides services (which may include all Affiliates); and 
 (ii) the determination that any subjective performance criteria have been met is not made by the
Participant or a family member of the Participant (as defined in Code Section 267(c)(4), applied as if the family of an individual includes the spouse of any member of the family), or a person under the effective control of the Participant or
 
 4 

such a family member, and no amount of the compensation of the person making
such determination is effectively controlled in whole or in part by the Participant or such a family member. A Performance-Based Bonus
that otherwise meets the above criteria may provide for payment regardless of satisfaction of the performance criteria upon the Participant s death, Disability, or a change in control event (as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i)). Any amount that actually becomes payable upon such events without regard to the satisfaction of the performance criteria will not be considered a Performance-Based Bonus to which an
election under Section 3.1(a)(2) may apply. 1.30 Plan means the Innospec Inc. Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation Plan, as contained herein and all amendments hereto. For tax purposes and purposes of Title I of ERISA, the Plan is intended to be an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan covering certain designated employees who are within
a select group of key management or highly compensated employees. 1.31 Plan Year means the 12-consecutive-month period ending on December 31 of each year. 1.32
 Retirement means a Participant s Separation from Service upon or after reaching Retirement Age. 1.33
 Retirement Age means, with respect to a Participant, the earliest age at which the Participant has both (i) reached age 50; and (ii) completed 5 Years of Service. 
 1.34 Salary Deferral Election means a written, electronic or other form of election permitted by the
Administrative Committee, pursuant to which a Participant may elect to defer under the Plan a portion of his Base Salary. 
 1.35 Separate from Service or Separation from Service means that a Participant separates from
service with the Participating Company that is his employer and its Affiliates, as defined in Code Section 409A and guidance issued thereunder. Generally, a Participant Separates from Service if the Participant dies, retires or otherwise has a
termination of employment with all Affiliates, determined in accordance with the following: (a) Leaves of
Absence . The employment relationship is treated as continuing intact while the Participant is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed 6 months, or, if longer, so long as
the Participant retains a right to reemployment with an Affiliate under an applicable statute or by contract. A leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence only while there is a reasonable expectation that the Participant will return
to perform services for an Affiliate. If the period of leave exceeds 6 months and the Participant does not retain a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or by contract, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first
date immediately following such 6-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for all Accounts other than Active Chemicals Frozen Accounts, where a leave of absence is due to any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be 
 5 

expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 6 months, where such impairment
causes the Participant to be unable to perform the duties of his or her position of employment or any substantially similar position of employment, a 29-month period of absence will be substituted for such 6-month period. (b) Status Change . Generally, if a Participant performs
services both as an employee and an independent contractor, such Participant must Separate from Service both as an employee, and as an independent contractor pursuant to standards set forth in Treasury Regulations, to be treated as having a
Separation from Service. However, if a Participant provides services to Affiliates as an employee and as a member of the Board of Directors, the services provided as a director are not taken into account in determining whether the Participant has a
Separation from Service as an employee for purposes of this Plan. (c) Termination of Employment . Whether a
termination of employment has occurred is determined based on whether the facts and circumstances indicate that the Affiliates and the Participant reasonably anticipate that (i) no further services will be performed after a certain date, or
(ii) the level of bona fide services the Participant will perform after such date (whether as an employee or as an independent contractor) will permanently decrease to no more than 20 of the average level of bona fide services performed
(whether as an employee or an independent contractor) over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period of services to all Affiliates if the Participant has been providing services to all
Affiliates less than 36 months). Facts and circumstances to be considered in making this determination include, but are not limited to, whether the Participant continues to be treated as an employee for other purposes (such as continuation of salary
and participation in employee benefit programs), whether similarly situated service providers have been treated consistently, and whether the Participant is permitted, and realistically available, to perform services for other service recipients in
the same line of business. For periods during which a Participant is on a paid bona fide leave of absence and has not otherwise terminated employment as described in subsection (a) above, for purposes of this subsection the Participant is
treated as providing bona fide services at a level equal to the level of services that the Participant would have been required to perform to receive the compensation paid with respect to such leave of absence. Periods during which a Participant is
on an unpaid bona fide leave of absence and has not otherwise terminated employment are disregarded for purposes of this subsection (including for purposes of determining the applicable 36-month (or shorter)
period). 1.36 SEU Award means, for a Participant for any Plan Year, that portion of an Eligible
Employee s compensation for that Plan Year, payable either (i) before the Participant s Separation from Service; or (ii) within 2 weeks after the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, prior to any deductions, as
an SEU (Stock Equivalent Unit) Award, but specifically excluding any such amounts that are paid to the Participant by Affiliates that are not active Participating Companies. 
 1.37 SEU Contributions means, for a Participant for any Plan Year, that portion of such Participant s SEU
Award deferred under the Plan pursuant to Section 3.2. 
 6 

1.38 SEU Election means a written, electronic or other form of
election permitted by the Administrative Committee, pursuant to which a Participant may elect to defer under the Plan all or a portion of his SEU Award. 
 1.39 Trust or Trust Agreement means the separate agreement or agreements between the Controlling Company
and the Trustee governing the cash and other property that is held by the Trustee (or any nominee thereof) for purposes of setting aside assets to pay benefits under the Plan, and all amendments thereto. 
 1.40 Trustee means the party or parties so designated from time to time pursuant to the terms of the Trust
Agreement. 1.41 Valuation Date means each day on which the Trustee operates, and is open to the public, for
its business; provided, the value of an Account on a day other than a Valuation Date will be the value determined as of the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
 1.42 Years of Service means a Participant s number of whole consecutive
 12-month periods of employment with the Affiliates beginning on the Participant s most recent date of hire. If a Participant terminates employment with the Affiliates and is later rehired, previous Years
of Service may be taken into account to the extent determined by the Administrative Committee.Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Active Chemicals Frozen Plan accounts: (A) Years of Service means the accumulation of 12 months of
service as an employee; and (B)(i) an employee receives credit for each month in which he or she completes one hundred and forty (140) hours of service, commencing with the month in which he or she first performs an hour of service and ending
on the date of Separation From Service; (ii) for up to three (3) months during which no services are performed within twelve (12) consecutive months, the employee receives credit for hours for which employee is paid, or entitled to
payment, such as for holiday, illness, jury duty, leave of absence, military duty, or vacation; and (iii) the employee also receives credit for each hour for which back pay is either awarded or agreed to by Innospec Active Chemicals LLC (and
any successor thereto, and all persons and entities with which Innospec Active Chemicals LLC and its successors would be considered a single employer under Code Section 414(b) or 414(c)), and the hour is credited to the period to which the
award or agreement relates. 
 7 

ARTICLE II 
 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

2.1 
 Generally . 
 (a) Deferral Contributions . Each individual who is an Eligible Employee, determined as of October 1 prior
to the beginning of a Plan Year, will be eligible to participate in the Plan with respect to Deferral Contributions for such Plan Year. 
 (b) Discretionary Contributions . Each individual who (i) is an Eligible Employee, determined as of
October 1 prior to the beginning of a Plan Year, and (ii) makes a Salary Deferral Election and/or Bonus Election during annual open enrollment for such Plan Year, will be eligible to participate in the Plan with respect to Discretionary
Contributions for such Plan Year. In addition, the Participating Companies may select at any time or times any employee of the Affiliates who is a member of a select group of key management or highly compensated employees of the Affiliates for
participation in the Plan with respect to Discretionary Contributions, subject to such conditions as the Participating Companies may specify. 

2.2 
 Procedure for Admission . 
 The Administrative Committee may require a Participant to complete such forms and provide such data as the Administrative
Committee determines in its sole discretion. Such forms and data may include, without limitation, a Salary Deferral Election, a Bonus Election, an SEU Election, the Eligible Employee s acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Plan, and the
designation of a Beneficiary to receive any death benefits payable hereunder. 

2.3 
 Cessation of Eligibility . 
 The Administrative Committee may remove a Participant from active participation in the Plan if he ceases to satisfy the
criteria which qualified him as an Eligible Employee, in which case (i) his Deferral Contributions under the Plan will not apply to compensation earned in any Plan Year after the Plan Year in which he ceases to satisfy the criteria which
qualified him as an Eligible Employee; and (ii) his Discretionary Contributions will cease as of the date he is removed from active participation. Even if his active participation in the Plan ends, a Participant will remain an inactive
Participant in the Plan until the earlier of (i) the date the full amount of his vested Account (if any) is distributed from the Plan, or (ii) the date he again becomes an Eligible Employee and recommences active participation in the Plan.
During the period of time that an individual is an inactive Participant in the Plan, his Account will continue to be adjusted for earnings and losses as provided for in Section 3.5. 
 8 

2.4 
 Merger of Active Chemicals Frozen Plan . 
 Effective as of March 1, 2023, the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan will be merged with and into the Plan. As a result of
such merger, the following rules will apply in addition to the rules otherwise set forth in the Plan: (a)
 409A Compliance . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the terms of the Plan are intended to comply with Code Section 409A with regard to the accounts that transferred from the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan, and will
be construed and operated accordingly. No changes to payment terms of Active Chemicals Frozen Plan accounts that would violate Code Section 409A are intended by the terms of this Plan. 
 (b) Beneficiary Designations . Beneficiary designations applicable under the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan as of
February 28, 2023, will be cancelled and will not apply under the Plan. 
 9 

ARTICLE III 
 PARTICIPANTS ACCOUNTS; DEFERRALS AND CREDITING 

3.1 
 Participants Accounts . 
 (a) Establishment of Accounts . The Administrative Committee will establish and maintain an Account
on behalf of each Participant. Each Account will be credited with (i) Deferral Contributions (separated as necessary or helpful into Base Salary Contributions, SEU Contributions and Bonus Contributions), (ii) Discretionary Contributions, and
(iii) earnings attributable to such Account, and will be debited by the amount of all distributions and investment losses attributable to such Account. Each Account of a Participant will be maintained until the value thereof has been
distributed to or on behalf of such Participant or his Beneficiary. (b) Nature of Contributions and
Accounts . The amounts credited to a Participant s Account will be represented solely by bookkeeping entries. Except as provided in Article VII, no monies or other assets will actually be set aside for such Participant, and
all payments to a Participant under the Plan will be made from the general assets of the Participating Companies. (c)
 Several Liabilities . Each Participating Company will be severally (and not jointly) liable for the payment of benefits under the Plan in an amount equal to the total of (i) all undistributed Deferral Contributions,
(ii) all undistributed Discretionary Contributions, and (iii) all investment earnings attributable to the amounts described in clauses (i)-(ii) hereof. The Administrative Committee will allocate the total liability to pay benefits under
the Plan among the Participating Companies, and the Administrative Committee s determination will be final and binding. 
 (d) General Creditors . Any assets which may be acquired by a Participating Company in anticipation
of its obligations under the Plan will be part of the general assets of such Participating Company. A Participating Company s obligation to pay benefits under the Plan constitutes a mere promise of such Participating Company to pay such
benefits, and a Participant or Beneficiary will be and remain no more than an unsecured, general creditor of such Participating Company. 

3.2 
 Deferral Contributions . 
 Each Eligible Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan for a Plan Year may elect to have Deferral Contributions
made on his behalf for such Plan Year by completing and delivering to the Administrative Committee (or its designee) a Salary Deferral Election, SEU Election and/or a Bonus Election, setting forth the terms of his election(s). Subject to the terms
and conditions set forth below, a Salary Deferral Election may provide for the reduction of an Eligible Employee s Base Salary earned during the Plan Year for which the Salary Deferral Election is in effect, an SEU Election may provide for the
reduction of an Eligible Employee s SEU Award earned during the Plan Year for which the SEU Election is in effect, and a Bonus 
 10 

Election may provide for the reduction of an Eligible Employee s Bonus earned during
the Plan Year for which the Bonus Election is in effect. The following terms will apply to such elections: (a)
 Effective Date . (i) General Deadline . A Participant s Salary Deferral Election,
SEU Election and Bonus Election for the compensation earned during a Plan Year must be made before the first day of such Plan Year, except as provided in subsection (ii) below. 
 (ii) Special Rule for Performance-based Compensation . To the extent that the Administrative Committee
has determined that all or part of the Bonus or SEU Award for a Plan Year qualifies as a Performance-Based Bonus, and permits an election under this subsection, a Participant s Bonus Election or SEU Election for such Performance-Based Bonus may
be made or changed (A) after the deadline specified in subsection (a)(i), but (B) no later than the date that is 6 months before the end of the period over which the Performance-Based Bonus is earned (generally, June 30 of such Plan
Year). In order to be eligible for the election deadline in this subsection, the Participant must perform services continuously from the later of the date the performance criteria for the Performance-Based Bonus are established or the first day of
the performance period i.e. , January 1 for a calendar year bonus) until the date the Participant makes such Bonus Election or SEU Election. Furthermore, if all or a portion of the Performance-Based Bonus is readily
ascertainable on the date the Participant makes a Bonus Election or SEU Election under this subsection, the Participant s Bonus Election or SEU Election under this subsection will apply only to the portion of such bonus or award that is
not then readily ascertainable, if any. The determination of when an amount of compensation is considered to be readily ascertainable will be made pursuant to guidance issued under Code Section 409A, which generally
provides that compensation is readily ascertainable when the amount is first both calculable and substantially certain to be paid. 
 (b) Term and Irrevocability of Election . An Eligible Employee may change (i) his Salary Deferral Election, SEU
Election and/or Bonus Election for the Plan Year any time prior to the deadline specified in subsection (a)(i) above; and/or (ii) his Bonus Election or SEU Election for the Plan Year any time prior to the deadline specified in subsection
(a)(ii) above to the extent applicable, but in either case only to the extent permitted by, and subject to any restrictions or procedures determined by, the Administrative Committee. Upon the latest of the deadlines specified in (a)(i) or (a)(ii)
above that applies to an election, each Participant s Salary Deferral Election, SEU Election and/or Bonus Election, or failure to elect, will become irrevocable for the Plan Year except as provided under this subsection (b). Each
Participant s Salary Deferral Election, SEU Election and Bonus Election will remain in effect only for the Plan Year for which it is made. A Participant s Salary Deferral Election, SEU Election and Bonus Election may be cancelled in the
discretion of the Administrative Committee as permitted under Code Section 409A (for example, on the date the Participant receives an unforeseeable emergency distribution pursuant to Code Section 409A). If a Participant is transferred from
the employment of one Participating Company to the employment of another Participating Company, his Salary Deferral Election, SEU Election and Bonus Election with the first 
 11 

Participating Company will remain in effect and will apply to his compensation from the
second Participating Company until terminated in accordance with this subsection. (c) Amount . 
 (i) Salary Deferrals. A Participant may elect to defer his Base Salary up to a maximum of 50 (or such other
maximum percentage and/or amount, if any, established by the Administrative Committee from Plan Year to Plan Year). 
 (ii) Bonus and SEU Deferrals. A Participant may elect to defer his Bonus and/or SEU Award up to 75 (or such
other maximum percentage and/or amount, if any, established by the Administrative Committee from Plan Year to Plan Year). 

3.3 
 Discretionary Contributions . 
 The amount of a Discretionary Contribution (if any) will be determined by the Participating Company granting such
Discretionary Contribution in its sole discretion. The Administrative Committee will credit any such Discretionary Contribution to the Account of a Participant as of any Valuation Date. 

3.4 
 Debiting of Distributions . 
 As of each Valuation Date, the Administrative Committee will debit each Participant s Account for any amount distributed
from such Account since the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 

3.5 
 Adjustment for Earnings and Losses . 
 As of each Valuation Date, the Administrative Committee will credit to each Participant s Account the amount of earnings
and/or debit the amount of losses applicable thereto for the period since the immediately preceding Valuation Date. Such adjustment for earnings and/or losses will be effected as of each Valuation Date, pursuant to procedures established by the
Administrative Committee. 

3.6 
 Value of Account . 
 The value of a Participant s Account as of any date will be equal to the aggregate value of all contributions and all
investment earnings deemed credited to his Account as of such date, determined in accordance with this Article, reduced by any distributions. 

3.7 
 Vesting . 
 (a) Deferral Accounts . A Participant will at all times be fully vested in his Deferral Contributions and the
earnings credited to his Account with respect to such Deferral Contributions. (b) Discretionary Contribution
Accounts . Except as otherwise provided by the Participating Company before or at the time a Discretionary Contribution is made, or as 
 12 

otherwise provided in subsections (i) and (ii) below, a Participant will become 100 
vested in an allocation of Discretionary Contributions and the earnings credited with respect thereto on the third anniversary of the grant date of such Discretionary Contributions, provided he remains employed by the Affiliates continuously through
such anniversary date. For purposes of this paragraph, the grant date for Discretionary Contributions made on or after January 1, 2023, will be deemed to be March 1 of the calendar year in which the Discretionary Contribution is made. 
 (i) Other Vesting Schedules. If applicable, in lieu of any other vesting schedule established hereunder, a Participant s Discretionary Contribution and the earnings credited with respect thereto will vest at the
time or times provided in any employment agreement, offer letter or other valid written agreement between the Participant and the Affiliates. 
 (ii) Acceleration. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a Participant will become fully vested in his Discretionary Contributions and the earnings credited with respect thereto upon the Participant s
death, Disability or reaching Retirement Age while employed by the Affiliates. (c) Active Chemicals Frozen
Plan Accounts . All Accounts transferred from the Active Chemicals Froze Plan will be 100 vested at all times. 
 (d) Forfeiture . Upon a Participant s termination of employment or Separation from Service (whichever
occurs first) with all Affiliates, the unvested portion of such Participant s Account will be immediately forfeited. 

3.8 
 Notice to Participants of Account Balances . 
 At least once for each Plan Year, the Administrative Committee will cause a written statement of a Participant s Account
balance to be distributed to the Participant. 

3.9 
 Good Faith Valuation Binding . 
 In determining the value of the Accounts, the Administrative Committee will exercise its best judgment, and all such
determinations of value (in the absence of bad faith) will be binding upon all Participants and their Beneficiaries. 

3.10 
 Errors and Omissions in Accounts . 
 If an error or omission is discovered in the Account of a Participant, the Administrative Committee, in its sole discretion,
will cause appropriate, equitable adjustments to be made as soon as administratively practicable following the discovery of such error or omission. 
 13 

ARTICLE IV 
 INVESTMENT FUNDS 

4.1 
 Selection by Investment Committee . 
 From time to time, the Investment Committee will select two or more Investment Funds for purposes of determining the rate of
return on amounts deemed invested in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The Investment Committee may change, add or remove Investment Funds on a prospective basis at any time(s) and in any manner it deems appropriate. 

4.2 
 Participant Direction of Deemed Investments . 
 Each Participant generally may direct the manner in which his Account will be deemed invested in and among the Investment
Funds. Any Participant investment directions permitted hereunder will be made in accordance with the following terms: 
 (a) Nature of Participant Direction . The selection of Investment Funds by a Participant will be
for the sole purpose of determining the rate of return to be credited to his Account, and will not be treated or interpreted in any manner whatsoever as a requirement or direction to actually invest assets in any Investment Fund or any other
investment media. The Plan, as an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan, at no time will have any actual investment of assets relative to the benefits or Accounts hereunder. 
 (b) Investment of Contributions . Each Participant may make an Investment Election prescribing the percentage of
the future contributions that will be deemed invested in each Investment Fund. An initial Investment Election of a Participant will be made as of the date the Participant commences participation in the Plan and will apply to all contributions
credited to such Participant s Account after such date. Such Participant may make subsequent Investment Elections, and each such election will apply to the specified contributions credited to such Participant s Account after the
Administrative Committee (or its designee) has a reasonable opportunity to process such election pursuant to such procedures as the Administrative Committee may determine from
 time-to-time. Any Investment Election made pursuant to this subsection with respect to future contributions will remain effective until changed by the Participant. 
 (c) Investment of Existing Account Balances . Each Participant may make an Investment Election prescribing the
percentage of his existing Account balance that will be deemed invested in each Investment Fund. Each such election will be effective after the Administrative Committee (or its designee) has a reasonable opportunity to process such election. Each
such election will remain in effect until changed by such Participant. (d) Administrative Committee
Discretion . The Administrative Committee will have complete discretion to adopt and revise procedures to be followed in making such Investment Elections. Such procedures may include, but are not limited to, the process of making elections,
the permitted frequency of making elections, the incremental size of elections, the deadline for making elections, the effective date of such elections, and the establishment of a 
 14 

default investment selection in the event a Participant fails to make an investment
election. Any procedures adopted by the Administrative Committee that are inconsistent with the deadlines or procedures specified in this Section will supersede such provisions of this Section without the necessity of a Plan amendment. 
 15 

ARTICLE V 
 PAYMENT OF ACCOUNT BALANCES 

5.1 
 Amount of Benefit Payments for Account . 
 Payment of a benefit amount from a Participant s Account as of any Payment Date hereunder will be calculated by
determining the vested amount credited to the Participant s Account that is payable on such Payment Date, determined as of the Valuation Date on which the distribution is processed. For purposes of this subsection, the Valuation Date on
which such distribution is processed refers to the Valuation Date established for such purpose by administrative practice, even if actual payment is made or commenced at a later date due to delays in valuation, administration or any other
procedure. 

5.2 
 Timing and Form of Distribution . 
 (a) Timing of Distributions . 
 (i) Generally . Except as provided in Sections 5.3 and 5.4 and subsections (a)(ii), (b) and
(c) hereof, the Payment Date for a Participant s Account will be: (i) within 60 days after the date the Participant Separates from Service, in the case of a Participant who is not a Key Employee on the date he Separates from Service;
or (ii) within 60 days after the 6-month anniversary of the date the Participant Separates from Service, in the case of a Participant who is a Key Employee on the date he Separates from Service. 
 (ii) Active Chemicals Frozen Accounts . Except as provided in Sections 5.3 and 5.4 and subsections
(b) and (c) hereof, the Payment Date for a Participant s Active Chemicals Frozen Plan subaccount will be within 60 days after the date the Participant Separates from Service; provided, in the case of a Participant who is a Key Employee on
the date he Separates from Service, no payment will be made before the date that is six months after the date of Separation from Service or, if earlier, the date of death. Payments from the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan subaccount to which a Key
Employee would otherwise be entitled during the first 6 months following Separation from Service will be accumulated and paid on the first day of the seventh month following the date of Separation from Service. 
 (b) Form of Distributions . 
 (i) Single-Sum Payment . Except as provided in Section 5.4
and subsections (b)(ii) and (c) hereof, the portion of a Participant s Account payable on a given Payment Date will be distributed in the form of a single lump-sum payment. 
 (ii) Annual Installments . 
 (A) Election of Annual Installments for Retirement Distributions . A Participant may elect, at the time
he makes a Salary Deferral Election, SEU Election and/or Bonus Election for a Plan Year, to receive the 
 16 

benefit attributable to such election for such Plan Year, to the extent such benefit is payable upon the Participant s Retirement, in the form of annual installments. 
 (B) Installment Periods . The installment payments elected hereunder will be made in substantially
equal annual installments over a period of not less than 2 years and not more than 10 years (adjusted for earnings and losses between payments), beginning on the applicable Payment Date. The number of annual installment payments elected by the
Participant will be specified at the time the Participant makes the election in which the installment payments are elected. Each installment payment will be calculated by dividing the then-current balance of the subaccount that is being paid under
the installment distribution by the number of installment payments that then remain to be paid. (C)
 Installments for Active Chemicals Frozen Plan Accounts . Payment of accounts transferred from the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan will be made in annual installments for a period of 10 years, to the extent that the benefit is payable upon the
Participant s Retirement. The amount of each installment payment after the initial payment will be equal to the balance of the Participant s Active Chemicals Frozen Plan subaccount as of the date that is 7 days before the anniversary of
the date installments commenced, divided by the number of installments remaining to be paid, but not to exceed the remaining balance of the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan subaccount. 
 (c) Modifications of Form of Payment Upon Retirement . 
 (i) Availability of Election . A Participant may make one election with respect to a given subaccount
(other than any Active Chemicals Frozen Plan subaccount) to change the form of payment upon Retirement to: (A) change from a lump sum payment to annual installment payments, (B) change the number of installment payments previously elected,
or (C) change installments to a lump sum. Any election under this subsection will specify the number of installment payments elected, if any. 
 (ii) Delay in Payment Date . In the event of an election under subsection (c)(i) to change in the form
of payment of a subaccount upon Retirement, the Payment Date for such portion of the Participant s Account will be delayed to 5 years after the Payment Date that would have applied. 
 (iii) Restrictions . Any election under this subsection (c) will not take effect until 12 months
after the date on which the election is made, and, if made within 12 months before the payment was scheduled to begin or be made under the previous payment terms, will not be effective. 
 (d) Medium of Payment . All distributions will be made in the form of cash. 
 (e) Cash-out . 
 (i) Employee Deferral Cashout . Except as provided in subsection (v) below, if at any time a
Participant s Account balance attributable to the aggregate of his 
 17 

Deferral Contributions does not exceed the applicable dollar amount under
Code Section 402(g)(1)(B), the Administrative Committee may elect, in its sole discretion, to pay the Participant s entire Account balance attributable to Deferral Contributions in an immediate
 single-sum payment. For purposes of determining the amount of Deferral Contributions in a Participant s Account in order to apply this provision, any deferrals of compensation that the Participant has
elected under this or any other nonqualified deferred compensation plan maintained by an Affiliate that is an account balance plan subject to Code Section 409A will be considered as part of the Participant s Account balance
attributable to Deferral Contributions hereunder. (ii) Cashout of Employer Contributions . Except
as provided in subsection (v) below, if at any time a Participant s Account balance, other than amounts attributable to Deferral Contributions, does not exceed the applicable dollar amount under Code Section 402(g)(1)(B), the
Administrative Committee may elect, in its sole discretion, to pay such portion of the Participant s Account balance in an immediate single-sum payment. For purposes of determining the amount of a
Participant s Account other than Deferral Contributions in order to apply this provision, any deferrals of compensation other than Participant elective deferrals under this or any other nonqualified deferred compensation plan maintained by an
Affiliate that is an account balance plan subject to Code Section 409A will be considered as part of the Participant s Account balance other than amounts attributable to Deferral Contributions hereunder. 
 (iii) Documentation of Determination . Any exercise of the Administrative Committee s discretion
pursuant to subsections (i) and (ii) must be evidenced in writing no later than the date of the distribution. 
 (iv) Mandatory Cash-Out . Notwithstanding anything in this
Section or a Participant s election to the contrary: (A) If a Participant s total vested
Account balance (excluding the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan subaccounts) is 25,000 or less on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, such Participant s vested Account (other than the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan
subaccounts) will be distributed in a single lump-sum payment and any installment election will not apply. 
 (B) If a Participant s total vested Account balance attributable to the aggregate of his Deferral
Contributions is 25,000 or less on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, such Participant s vested Account attributable to the aggregate of his Deferral Contributions will be distributed in a single lump-sum payment and any installment election will not apply. For clarity, the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan subaccounts will not be taken into account in applying this Section. 
 (C) If a Participant s total vested Account balance attributable to the aggregate of his Discretionary
Contributions is 25,000 or less on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, such Participant s vested Account attributable to the aggregate of his Discretionary Contributions will be distributed
 
 18 

in a single lump-sum payment and any installment election will not apply. For clarity, the Active Chemicals Frozen Plan subaccounts will not be taken into
account in applying this Section. (v) Six Month Delay for Key Employees . Notwithstanding the
foregoing, to the extent provided by Code Section 409A, with respect to a Participant who is a Key Employee on the date he Separates from Service, no payment under this subsection (e) made on account of such Participant s Separation
from Service will be made within 6 months after the date the Participant Separates from Service. 

5.3 
 Death Benefits . 
 If a Participant dies before full payment of his Account is made, his Beneficiary or Beneficiaries will be entitled to
receive a distribution of the entire vested amount credited to such Participant s Account. The Account will be distributed to such Beneficiary or Beneficiaries in the form of a single-sum payment no later
than December 31 of the next calendar year following the date of the Participant s death. 

5.4 
 Distribution of Account Discretionary Contributions . 
 (a) Determination by Grantor . Subject to Sections 5.2(f) and 5.3, distribution of any Discretionary
Contributions from a Participant s Account will be made in the form and at the time specified by the Participating Company (with the Administrative Committee s approval) when such Discretionary Contribution is declared or otherwise
established. In making such specification, the Participating Company may provide that Discretionary Contributions (adjusted for earnings and losses) will be distributed at the same time and in the same form of payment applicable to such
Participant s Salary Deferral Election, SEU Election or Bonus Election, if any (including any modifications thereafter made in accordance with the provisions of this Article), applicable to the Plan Year in which the Discretionary Contribution
is made, but only if such Salary Deferral Election, SEU Election or Bonus Election, whichever is applicable, was made before the first day of the first Plan Year in which services to which the Discretionary Contribution are attributable are
performed. (b) Default Payment in Absence of Designation by Grantor . If the Participating Company does not
designate a time and form of payment for a particular Discretionary Contribution as provided in subsection (a), then such Discretionary Contribution and earnings attributable thereto will be distributed in the form provided in
Section 5.2(b)(i), and the Payment Date will be determined under Section 5.2(a), subject to Sections 5.2(c), 5.2(e) and 5.3. 

5.5 
 Hardship Withdrawals . 
 Upon receipt of an application for an in-service hardship distribution and the
Administrative Committee s decision, made in its sole discretion, that a Participant has suffered a Financial Hardship, the Administrative Committee will cause the applicable Participating Company to pay an
 in-service distribution to such Participant from the Participant s vested Account. Such distribution will be paid in a lump sum payment within 90 days after the date that 
 19 

the Administrative Committee makes its determination that the Participant has suffered a
Financial Hardship (assuming that the Financial Hardship exists on that date), which must be prior to the Participant s Separation from Service. The amount of such lump sum payment will be limited to the amount of such Participant s vested
Account reasonably necessary to meet the Participant s requirements resulting from the Financial Hardship. Determinations of amounts reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need will take into account any additional compensation that is
available under the Plan due to cancellation of a deferral election upon a payment due to a Financial Hardship. However, the determination of amounts reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need will not take into account any additional
compensation that due to the Financial Hardship is available under the Plan or another nonqualified deferred compensation plan but has not actually been paid. If payment is made hereunder upon a Financial Hardship, it will be so designated at the
time of payment. The amount of such distribution will reduce the Participant s Account balance. 

5.6 
 Taxes . 
 (a) Amounts Payable Whether or Not Account is in Pay Status . If the whole or any part of any Participant s
or Beneficiary s Account hereunder will become subject to FICA Tax or any state, local or foreign tax obligations, which a Participating Company will be required to pay or withhold prior to the time the Participant s Account becomes
payable hereunder, the Participating Company will have the full power and authority to withhold and pay such tax and related taxes as permitted under Code Section 409A. 
 (b) Amounts Payable Only if Account is in Pay Status . If the whole or any part of any Participant s or
Beneficiary s Account hereunder is subject to any taxes which a Participating Company will be required to pay or withhold at the time the Account becomes payable hereunder, the Participating Company will have the full power and authority to
withhold and pay such tax out of any monies or other property that the Participating Company holds for the account of the Participant or Beneficiary, excluding, except as provided in this Section, any portion of the Participant s Account that
is not then payable. 

5.7 
 Offset of Account by Amounts Owed to the Affiliates . 
 Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Administrative Committee may, in its sole discretion, offset any
benefit payment or payments of a Participant s or Beneficiary s Account under the Plan by any amount owed by such Participant or Beneficiary (whether or not such obligation is related to the Plan) to the Affiliates. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no such offset will apply before the Account is otherwise payable under the Plan, unless the following requirements are satisfied: (i) the debt owed to the Affiliates was incurred in the ordinary course of the relationship between
the Participant and the Affiliates, (ii) the entire amount of offset under this sentence and any similar provision in any plan that is required to be aggregated with the Plan under Code Section 409A in a single taxable year does not exceed
 5,000, and (iii) the offset occurs at the same time and in the same amount as the debt otherwise would have been due and collected from the Participant or Beneficiary. 
 20 

5.8 
 No Acceleration of Account Payments . 
 Except as otherwise provided in this Section, no payment scheduled to be made under this Article may be accelerated.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate any payment scheduled to be made under this Article in accordance with Code Section 409A (for example, upon certain terminations of the Plan,
limited cashouts or to avoid certain conflicts of interest); provided, a Participant may not elect whether his scheduled payment will be accelerated pursuant to this sentence. 
 21 

ARTICLE VI 
 CLAIMS 

6.1 
 Rights . 
 If a Participant or Beneficiary has any grievance, complaint or claim concerning any aspect of the operation or
administration of the Plan, including but not limited to claims for benefits and complaints concerning the investments of Plan assets (collectively referred to herein as claim or claims ), such claimant must submit the claim
in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article. All such claims must be submitted within the applicable limitations period. The applicable limitations period will be 2 years, beginning on (i) in the case of
any lump-sum payment, the date on which the payment was made, (ii) in the case of a periodic payment, the date of the first in the series of payments, or (iii) for all other claims, the date on which
the action complained of occurred. Additionally, upon denial of an appeal, a Participant or Beneficiary will have 90 days within which to bring suit for any claim related to such denied appeal; any such suit initiated after such 90-day period will be precluded. 

6.2 
 Claim Procedure . 
 (a) Initial Claim . Claims for benefits under the Plan may be filed with the Administrative Committee
on forms supplied by the Administrative Committee or in any other format acceptable to the Administrative Committee in its discretion, in accordance with subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) hereof, as applicable. 
 (i) Generally. Except as provided in subsection (a)(2) hereof, the Administrative Committee
will furnish to the claimant written notice of the disposition of a claim within 90 days after the application therefor is filed; provided, if special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, the Administrative Committee
will furnish written notice of the extension to the claimant prior to the end of the initial 90-day period, and such extension will not exceed one additional, consecutive
 90-day period. In the event the claim is denied, the notice of the disposition of the claim will provide the specific reasons for the denial, cites of the pertinent provisions of the Plan, an explanation as to
how the claimant can perfect the claim and/or submit the claim for review (where appropriate), and a statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse determination on review. 
 (ii) Claims Based on an Independent Determination of Disability. With respect to a claim for
benefits under the Plan based on Disability (other than a determination of eligibility for long-term disability or Social Security disability benefits), the Administrative Committee will furnish to the claimant written notice of the disposition of a
claim within 45 days after the application therefor is filed; provided, if matters beyond the control of the Administrative Committee require an extension of time for processing the claim, the Administrative Committee will furnish written notice of
the extension to the claimant prior to the end of the initial 45-day period, and such extension will not exceed one additional, consecutive 30-day period; and, provided
further, if 
 22 

matters beyond the control of the Administrative Committee require an
additional extension of time for processing the claim, the Administrative Committee will furnish written notice of the second extension to the claimant prior to the end of the initial 30-day extension period,
and such extension will not exceed an additional, consecutive 30-day period. Notice of any extension under this subsection will specifically explain the standards on which entitlement to a benefit is based,
the unresolved issues that prevent a decision on the claim, and the additional information needed to resolve those issues. In the event the claim is denied, the notice of the disposition of the claim will provide the specific reasons for the denial,
cites of the pertinent provisions of the Plan, an explanation as to how the claimant can perfect the claim and/or submit the claim for review (where appropriate), and a statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA
Section 502(a) following an adverse determination on review. (b) Appeal . Any Participant or
Beneficiary who has been denied a benefit, or his duly authorized representative, will be entitled, upon request to the Administrative Committee, to appeal the denial of his claim in accordance with subsection (c)(1) or (c)(2) hereof, as applicable.
The claimant or his duly authorized representative may review pertinent documents related to the Plan and in the Administrative Committee s possession in order to prepare the appeal. 
 (i) Generally . Except as provided in subsection (b)(2) hereof, the form containing the
request for review, together with a written statement of the claimant s position, must be filed with the Administrative Committee no later than 60 days after receipt of the written notification of denial of a claim provided for in subsection
(a) hereof. The Administrative Committee s decision will be made within 60 days following the filing of the request for review and will be communicated in writing to the claimant; provided, if special circumstances require an extension of
time for processing the appeal, the Administrative Committee will furnish written notice to the claimant prior to the end of the initial 60-day period, and such an extension will not exceed one additional 60-day period. If unfavorable, the notice of decision will explain the reason or reasons for denial, indicate the provisions of the Plan or other documents used to arrive at the decision, and state the
claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a). (ii) Claims Based on an
Independent Determination of Disability. With respect to an appeal of a denial of benefits under the Plan based on Disability (other than a determination of eligibility for long-term disability or Social Security disability benefits),
the form containing the request for review, together with a written statement of the claimant s position, must be filed with the Administrative Committee no later than 180 days after receipt of the written notification of denial of a claim
provided for in subsection (a) hereof. The Administrative Committee s decision will be made within 45 days following the filing of the request for review and will be communicated in writing to the claimant; provided, if special
circumstances require an extension of time for processing the appeal, the Administrative Committee will furnish written notice to the claimant prior to the end of the initial 45-day period, and such an
extension will not exceed one additional 45-day period. The Administrative Committee s review will not afford deference to the initial adverse benefit determination and will be conducted by an 
 23 

individual who is neither the individual who made the adverse benefit
determination that is the subject of the appeal, nor the subordinate of such individual. In deciding an appeal of any adverse benefit determination that is based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the Administrative Committee will consult
with a health care professional who has appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involved in the medical judgment and who is neither an individual who was consulted in connection with the adverse benefit determination that is the
subject of the appeal, nor the subordinate of any such individual. If unfavorable, the notice of decision will explain the reason or reasons for denial, indicate the provisions of the Plan or other documents used to arrive at the decision, state the
claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a), and identify all medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained by the Administrative Committee in connection with a claimant s adverse benefit
determination. 

6.3 
 Satisfaction of Claims . 
 Any payment to a Participant or Beneficiary will to the extent thereof be in full satisfaction of all claims hereunder
against the Administrative Committee and the Participating Companies, any of whom may require such Participant or Beneficiary, as a condition to such payment, to execute a receipt and release therefor in such form as will be determined by the
Administrative Committee or the Participating Companies. If receipt and release is required but the Participant or Beneficiary (as applicable) does not provide such receipt and release in a timely enough manner to permit a timely distribution in
accordance with the general timing of distribution provisions in the Plan, such payment will be forfeited. 
 24 

ARTICLE VII 
 SOURCE OF FUNDS; TRUST 

7.1 
 Source of Funds . 
 Except as provided in this Section and Section 7.2 (relating to the Trust), each Participating Company will provide the
benefits described in the Plan from its general assets. However, to the extent that funds in such Trust allocable to the benefits payable under the Plan are sufficient, the Trust assets may be used to pay benefits under the Plan. If such Trust
assets are not sufficient to pay all benefits due under the Plan, then the appropriate Participating Company will have the obligation, and the Participant or Beneficiary who is due such benefits will look to such Participating Company to provide
such benefits. 

7.2 
 Trust . 
 (a) Establishment . To the extent determined by the Controlling Company, the Participating Companies
will transfer the funds necessary to fund benefits accrued hereunder to the Trustee to be held and administered by the Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in the Trust Agreement, each transfer into the
Trust will be irrevocable as long as a Participating Company has any liability or obligations under the Plan to pay benefits, such that the Trust property is in no way subject to use by the Participating Company; provided, it is the intent of the
Controlling Company that the assets held by the Trust are and will remain at all times subject to the claims of the general creditors of the Participating Companies. 
 (b) Distributions . Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Trustee will make payments to Plan
Participants and Beneficiaries in accordance with payment schedules provided by the Administrative Committee. (c)
 Status of the Trust . No Participant or Beneficiary will have any interest in the assets held by the Trust or in the general assets of the Participating Companies other than as a general, unsecured creditor. Accordingly, a
Participating Company will not grant a security interest in the assets held by the Trust in favor of the Participants, Beneficiaries or any creditor. 

7.3 
 Funding Prohibition under Certain Circumstances . 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Article to the contrary, no assets will be set aside to fund benefits under the Plan if such
setting aside would be treated as a transfer of property under Code Section 83 pursuant to Code Section 409A(b). 
 25 

ARTICLE VIII 
 ADMINISTRATIVE AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEES 

8.1 
 Action of Administrative Committee . 
 Action of the Administrative Committee may be taken with or without a meeting of committee members; provided, action will be
taken only upon the vote or other affirmative expression of a majority of the committee members qualified to vote with respect to such action. If a member of the committee is a Participant or Beneficiary, he will not participate in any decision
which solely affects his own benefit under the Plan. For purposes of administering the Plan, the Administrative Committee will choose a secretary who will keep minutes of the committee s proceedings and all records and documents pertaining to
the administration of the Plan. The secretary may execute any certificate or any other written direction on behalf of the Administrative Committee. 

8.2 
 Rights and Duties of Administrative Committee . 
 The Administrative Committee will administer the Plan and will have all the powers necessary to accomplish that purpose,
including (but not limited to) the following: (a) To construe, interpret and administer the Plan; 
 (b) To make determinations required by the Plan, and to maintain records regarding Participants and Beneficiaries 
benefits hereunder; (c) To compute and certify to the Participating Company the amount and kinds of benefits payable to
Participants and Beneficiaries, and to determine the time and manner in which such benefits are to be paid; (d) To
authorize all disbursements by the Participating Company pursuant to the Plan; (e) To maintain all the necessary records
of the administration of the Plan; (f) To make and publish such rules for the regulation of the Plan as are not
inconsistent with the terms hereof; (g) To delegate to other individuals or entities from time to time the performance
of any of its duties or responsibilities hereunder; (h) To have all powers elsewhere conferred upon it; and 
 (i) To hire agents, accountants, actuaries, consultants and legal counsel to assist in operating and administering the Plan.
 
 26 

The Administrative Committee will have the exclusive right in its discretion to construe and
interpret the Plan, to decide all questions of eligibility for benefits and to determine the amount of such benefits, and its decisions on such matters will be final and conclusive on all parties. 

8.3 
 Compensation, Indemnity and Liability . 
 The Administrative Committee and the Investment Committee and their members will serve as such without bond and without
compensation for services hereunder. All expenses of the Administrative Committee and Investment Committee will be paid by the Participating Companies. No member of the committees will be liable for any act or omission of any other member of the
committees, nor for any act or omission on his own part, except with regard to his own willful misconduct. The Participating Companies will indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Committee and the Investment Committee, and each member
thereof, against any and all expenses and liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, arising out of his membership on the Administrative Committee and/or Investment Committee, excepting only expenses and liabilities arising out of
his own willful misconduct. 

8.4 
 Investment Committee . 
 (a) Appointment . Members of the Investment Committee may be appointed, added, removed and/or
replaced pursuant to the membership procedures that are established for the Investment Committee from time to time. 
 (b) Duties . The Investment Committee will have the following responsibility and authority: 
 (i) To appoint one or more persons to serve as investment manager with respect to all or part of the Trust,
if any; and (ii) To provide the Trustee with general investment policy guidelines and directions to
assist the Trustee respecting investments made pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 

8.5 
 Delegation and Discretion . 
 (a) Delegation . The Board, the Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee may delegate any
authority or responsibilities they may have under the Plan to any other person. (b)
 Discretion . The Board, the Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee (and their designees) will have full and complete discretion to exercise all authority and carry out all responsibilities given to them under the
Plan, and their decisions and actions will be binding on all Participants, Beneficiaries and other persons. 
 27 

ARTICLE IX 
 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

9.1 
 Amendments . 
 The Administrative Committee or the Board will have the right, in its sole discretion, to amend the Plan in whole or in part
at any time and from time to time; provided, any amendment that may result in significantly increased expenses under the Plan must be approved by the Board. Any amendment will be in writing and executed by a duly authorized officer of the
Controlling Company. An amendment to the Plan may modify its terms in any respect whatsoever; provided, no such action may reduce the amount already credited to a Participant s Account without the affected Participant s written consent.
All Participants and Beneficiaries will be bound by such amendment. 

9.2 
 Termination of Plan . 
 (a) Freezing . The Controlling Company, through action of the Board, reserves the right to discontinue and
freeze the Plan at any time, for any reason. Any action to freeze the Plan will be taken by the Board in the form of a written Plan amendment executed by a duly authorized officer of the Controlling Company. Upon the freezing of the Plan, Salary
Deferral Elections, SEU Elections and Bonus Elections will not apply to Base Salary, SEU Awards or Bonuses earned after the Plan Year in which the Plan is frozen. 
 (b) Termination . The Controlling Company expects to continue the Plan but reserves the right to terminate the
Plan and fully distribute all Accounts under the Plan at any time, for any reason; provided, the distribution of Accounts will be subject to the restrictions provided under Code Section 409A (including, to the extent required by Code
Section 409A, the 6-month delay that applies to distributions to Key Employees following Separation from Service). Any action to terminate the Plan will be taken by the Board in the form of a written Plan
amendment executed by a duly authorized officer of the Controlling Company. If the Plan is terminated, each Participant will become 100 vested in his Account. Such termination will be binding on all Participants and Beneficiaries. 
 28 

ARTICLE X 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

10.1 
 Beneficiary Designation . 
 (a) General . Participants will designate and from time to time may redesignate their Beneficiaries
in such form and manner as the Administrative Committee may determine. (b) No Designation or Designee Dead or
Missing . In the event that: (i) a Participant dies without designating a Beneficiary;
 (ii) the Beneficiary designated by a Participant is not surviving when a payment is to be made to such
person under the Plan, and no contingent Beneficiary has been designated; or (iii) the Beneficiary
designated by a Participant cannot be located by the Administrative Committee within the maximum time limit for payment of benefits to such person; 
 then, in any of such events, the Beneficiary of such Participant with respect to any benefits that remain payable under the Plan will be the
Participant s surviving spouse, if any, and if not, the estate of the Participant. 

10.2 
 Distribution Pursuant to Domestic Relations Order . 
 Upon receipt of a valid domestic relations order (determined in accordance with the rules applicable to a tax-qualified retirement plan under Code Section 401(a)) requiring the distribution of all or a portion of a Participant s vested Account to an alternate payee, the Administrative Committee will cause the
Controlling Company to pay a distribution to such alternate payee. 

10.3 
 Taxation and Construction under 409A . 
 It is the intention of the Controlling Company that the benefits payable hereunder will not be deductible by the
Participating Companies nor taxable for federal income tax purposes to Participants or Beneficiaries until such benefits are paid by the Participating Company, or the Trust, as the case may be, to such Participants or Beneficiaries. When such
benefits are so paid, it is the intention of the Controlling Company that they will be deductible by the Participating Companies under Code Section 162. The Plan is intended to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A with respect to
Accounts, the Plan will be interpreted in all ways consistent with such intention, and the Administrative Committee will use its reasonable best efforts to interpret and administer the Plan in accordance with such requirements. 
 29 

10.4 
 No Employment Contract . 
 Nothing herein contained is intended to be nor will be construed as constituting a contract or other arrangement between a
Participating Company and any Participant to the effect that the Participant will be employed by the Participating Company for any specific period of time. 

10.5 
 Headings . 
 The headings of the various articles and sections in the Plan are solely for convenience and will not be relied upon in
construing any provisions hereof. Any reference to a section will refer to a section of the Plan unless specified otherwise. 

10.6 
 Gender and Number . 
 Use of any gender in the Plan will be deemed to include all genders when appropriate, and use of the singular number will be
deemed to include the plural when appropriate, and vice versa in each instance. 

10.7 
 Assignment of Benefits . 
 The right of a Participant or his Beneficiary to receive payments under the Plan may not be anticipated, alienated, sold,
transferred, pledged, encumbered, attached or garnished by creditors of such Participant or Beneficiary, except: (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and then only to the extent permitted under the terms of the Plan; or
(ii) pursuant to a valid domestic relations order, in accordance with Section 10.2. 

10.8 
 Legally Incompetent . 
 The Administrative Committee, in its sole discretion, may direct that payment be made to an incompetent or disabled person,
whether because of minority or mental or physical disability, to the guardian of such person or to the person having custody of such person, without further liability on the part of the Participating Company for the amount of such payment to the
person on whose account such payment is made. 

10.9 
 Governing Law . 
 The Plan will be construed, administered and governed in all respects in accordance with applicable federal law (including
ERISA) and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado. If any provisions of this instrument are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
hereof will continue to be fully effective. 
 30 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Controlling Company has caused the Plan to be
executed by its duly authorized officer on the date set forth below. 

INNOSPEC, INC. 

By: 
 
 Brandy Buzzelli 

Title: 
 
 VP HR, Americas 

Date: 
 
 December 31 , 2022 

31 

EXHIBIT A 
 Non-Participating Companies 
 (See Section 1.26) 

Company Names 
 
 Effective Date 

None 
 A-1 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 d260528dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Innospec Active Chemicals LLC (USA) 

Innospec Deutschland GmbH (Germany) 

Innospec Finance Limited (U.K.) 

Innospec Finance U.S. LLC (USA) 

Innospec France SA (France) 

Innospec Fuel Specialties LLC (USA) 

Innospec Holdings Limited (U.K.) 

Innospec International Limited (U.K.) 

Innospec Trading Limited (U.K.) 

Innospec Developments Limited (U.K.) 

Innospec Leuna GmbH (Germany) 

Innospec Limited (U.K.) 

Innospec Oil Field Chemicals LLC (USA) 

Innospec International Holdings LLC (USA) 

Independence Oilfield Chemicals LLC (USA) 

Innospec Performance Chemicals Europe Limited (U.K.) 

Innospec Performance Chemicals Spain S.L. (Spain) 

Innospec Performance Chemicals Italia s.r.l (Italy) 

Innospec Saint-Mihiel SAS (France) 

Innospec Performance Chemicals France SA (France) 

Innospec Canada Limited (Canada) 

Bachman Services, Inc. (USA) 

BioSuite LLC (USA) 

Innospec Strata Holdings, LLC (USA) 

Strata Control Services, Inc. (USA) 

Chemsil Silicones, Inc. (USA) 

Chemtec Chemical Co. (USA) 

Innospec Russ OOO (Russia) 

Innospec Chemicals Beijing Limited (China) 

Innospec Do Brasil Limited (Brazil) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 d260528dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-225518, 333-131687, 333-124139, 333-174050, 
 333-174439 and 333-42252) of Innospec Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Manchester, United Kingdom February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 d260528dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PATRICK S. WILLIAMS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Patrick S. Williams, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Innospec Inc.;

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ PATRICK S. WILLIAMS 
 
 Patrick S. Williams 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 d260528dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF IAN P. CLEMINSON PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ian P. Cleminson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Innospec Inc.;

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ IAN P. CLEMINSON 
 
 Ian P. Cleminson 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 d260528dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Innospec Inc. (the Company for the
period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrick S. Williams, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ PATRICK S. WILLIAMS 
 
 Patrick S. Williams 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed
as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C. 1350
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 d260528dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Innospec Inc. (the Company for the
period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ian P. Cleminson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ IAN P. CLEMINSON 
 
 Ian P. Cleminson 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed
as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C. 1350
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 iosp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 iosp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 iosp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 iosp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

