<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1729149_0001729149-23-000040.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7947817</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270470</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1335118</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2506866</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1936851</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1756408</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001729149-23-000040.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302165631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001729149-23-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001729149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38973
		FILM NUMBER:		23699998

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 E. KALISTE SALOOM RD.
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70508
		BUSINESS PHONE:		337.504.3802

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 E. KALISTE SALOOM RD.
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70508

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001729149-23-000040.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 vmd-20221231.htm
 10-K

vmd-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 British Columbia, 
 N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes x 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recent completed second fiscal quarter) based on the closing price of the common shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market was . 
 
 As of February 15, 2023, there were common shares of the registrant outstanding. 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page PART I 
 5 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. Properties 
 26 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II 
 27 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 27 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 44 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 
 PART III 
 45 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 45 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 47 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or "forward-looking information" as such term is defined in applicable Canadian securities legislation (collectively, "forward-looking statements"). Any statements other than statements of historical information, including those that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking and may involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 
 Forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance and reflect the expectations or beliefs of management regarding future events, and include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to: operating results; profitability; financial condition and resources; anticipated needs for working capital; liquidity; capital resources; capital expenditures; milestones; licensing milestones; information with respect to future growth and growth strategies; anticipated trends in our industry; our future financing plans; timelines; currency fluctuations; government regulation; unanticipated expenses; commercial disputes or claims; limitations on insurance coverage; and availability of cash flow to fund capital requirements. 
 
 Often, but not always, forward-looking information can be identified by the use of words such as plans , expects , is expected , budget , potential , scheduled , estimates , forecasts , intends , anticipates , believes , projects , or the negatives thereof or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results will , should , may , could , would , might or will be taken , occur or be achieved or the negative of these terms or comparable terminology. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on the reasonable assumptions, estimates, analysis and opinions of management made in light of its experience and its perception of trends, current conditions and expected developments, as well as other factors that management believes to be relevant and reasonable in the circumstances at the date that such statements are made, but which may prove to be incorrect. We believe that the assumptions and expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable. We cannot assure you, however, that such statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 
 
 By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, including those identified under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other documents we file with the SEC and with the securities regulatory authorities in certain provinces of Canada, which contribute to the possibility that the predicted outcomes may not occur or may be delayed. The risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could influence actual results include, but are not limited to: the general business, market and economic conditions in the regions in which the we operate; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken by governmental authorities, individuals and companies in response to the pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including on our patient base, revenues, employees, and equipment and supplies; significant capital requirements and operating risks that we may be subject to; our ability to implement business strategies and pursue business opportunities; volatility in the market price of our common shares; our novel business model; the state of the capital markets; the availability of funds and resources to pursue operations; reductions in reimbursement rates and audits of reimbursement claims by various governmental and private payor entities; dependence on few payors; possible new drug discoveries; dependence on key suppliers; granting of permits and licenses in a highly regulated business; competition; disruptions in or attacks (including cyber-attacks) on our information technology, internet, network access or other voice or data communications systems or services; the evolution of various types of fraud or other criminal behavior to which we are exposed; difficulty integrating newly acquired businesses; the impact of new and changes to, or application of, current laws and regulations; the overall difficult litigation and regulatory environment; increased competition; increased funding costs and market volatility due to market illiquidity and competition for funding; critical accounting estimates and changes to accounting standards, policies, and methods used by us; our status as an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company; and the occurrence of natural and unnatural catastrophic events or health epidemics or concerns, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and claims resulting from such events or concerns, as well as other general economic, market and business conditions; and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 CURRENCY 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated herein, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to , US or U.S. dollars are to United States dollars. All dollar amounts herein are in United States dollars, unless otherwise indicated. 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Viemed Healthcare, Inc. (the "Company" or "Viemed"), through its subsidiaries, is a provider of home medical equipment ("HME") and post-acute respiratory healthcare services in the United States. The Company s service offerings are focused on effective in-home treatment with clinical practitioners providing therapy and counseling to patients in their homes using cutting edge technologies. The Company currently serves patients in all 50 states of the United States. 
 
 Viemed s primary objective is to focus on the growth of its business and thereby solidify its position as one of the largest providers of home therapy for patients suffering from respiratory diseases that require a high level of service, with such programs being designed specifically for payors to have the ability to treat patients in the home for less total cost and with a superior quality of care. Viemed's services include respiratory disease management, neuromuscular care, in-home sleep testing and sleep apnea treatment, oxygen therapy, respiratory equipment rentals, and healthcare staffing services. 
 
 Viemed expects to use a growth model whereby expansion is effectuated through existing service areas as well as in new regions through a cost efficient launch that reduces location expenses. Viemed expects that it will continue to employ more respiratory therapists ("RTs") in order to assure the high service model is accomplished in the home. By focusing overhead costs to personnel that service the patient rather than physical location costs, Viemed anticipates continuing to efficiently scale its business in regions that are currently not being effectively serviced. 
 
 The continued trend of servicing patients in the home rather than in hospitals is aligned with Viemed s business objectives and management anticipates that this trend will continue to offer growth opportunities for the Company. Viemed expects to continue to be a solution to the rising healthcare costs in the United States by offering more cost effective home based solutions while increasing the quality of life for patients fighting serious respiratory diseases. 
 
 Viemed focuses on disease management and improving the quality of life for respiratory patients through clinical excellence, education and technology. Its service offerings are based on effective home treatment with respiratory care practitioners providing therapy and counseling to patients in their homes using cutting edge technologies. Viemed also provides in-home sleep testing for sleep apnea sufferers and health care staffing services for healthcare facilities. 
 
 Viemed is one of the largest independent non-invasive ventilator providers in the United States with a service coverage area of all 50 states of the United States and intends to continue to grow rapidly through increased market penetration. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Viemed Healthcare, Inc. is a holding company incorporated in British Columbia under the Business Corporations Act in December 2016. The common shares of Viemed trade in the United States on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol "VMD" and trade in Canada on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the "TSX") under the trading symbol VMD.TO . Viemed s registered and records office is located at Suite 2800, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 2Z7 Canada and its principal executive office is located at 625 E. Kaliste Saloom Road, Lafayette, Louisiana 70508. 
 
 Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), are available free of charge through our website (www.viemed.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports and other information are also available, free of charge, at www.sec.gov. Information contained on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 Viemed s services include the following: 
 
 Home Medical Equipment : Viemed provides respiratory and other home medical equipment solutions (primarily through monthly rental arrangements), including home ventilation (invasive and non-invasive), BiPAP (bi-level positive airway pressure) and CPAP (continuous positive airway pressure) devices, percussion vests, oxygen concentrators, and other medical equipment. Revenue derived from the rental and sale of home medical equipment represented a combined 93.8 and 98.1 , respectively, of Viemed s 2022 and 2021 traditional revenue, excluding COVID-19 response sales and services. Viemed provides home medical equipment through the following service programs: 
 
 Page 5 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Respiratory disease management , including treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD ), aims to improve quality of life and reduce hospital readmissions by using proven methodology and leading technologies, such as non-invasive ventilation NIV ), percussion vests, and other therapies. Viemed provides ventilation (both invasive and non-invasive) and related equipment and supplies to patients suffering from COPD through a high-touch model. 
 
 Neuromuscular care is focused on helping neuromuscular patients breathe more comfortably while living an active, healthier life and uses respiratory therapy treatments which can lessen the effort required to breathe. 
 
 Oxygen therapy provides patients with extra oxygen, which is sometimes used to manage certain chronic health problems, including COPD. Oxygen therapy may be performed in the home or in another setting. 
 
 Sleep apnea management provides sleep solutions and/or equipment such as Positive Airway Pressure PAP ), the AutoPAP (automatic continuous positive airway pressure), and BiPAP machines. 
 
 In-home sleep testing : Viemed provides in home sleep apnea testing services, which is an alternative to the traditional sleep lab testing environment. 
 
 Healthcare staffing : Viemed provides healthcare staffing and recruitment services to supplement the workforce needs of third party healthcare facilities by utilizing its network of healthcare professionals. 
 
 Monthly rental revenue from ventilators represented approximately 68 and 77 , respectively, of Viemed's 2022 and 2021 traditional revenue, excluding COVID-19 response sales and services. While Viemed plans to continue investigating and introducing new complementary products and services and further expanding the coverage of existing products, home ventilation (both invasive and non-invasive) is expected to continue to represent the substantial majority of Viemed s revenue. 
 
 Patients suffering from neuromuscular or respiratory diseases experience severe difficulty in breathing and require assistance from a ventilator to effectively move air in and out of their lungs. Invasive and non-invasive ventilation differ in how the air is delivered to the person. Invasive ventilation delivers air via a tube inserted into the windpipe. Non-invasive ventilation delivers air through a sealed mask that can be placed over the mouth. 
 
 The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS Medicare National Coverage Determinations Manual stipulates that ventilators are covered for the treatment of conditions associated with neuromuscular diseases, thoracic restrictive diseases, and chronic respiratory failure consequent to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Ventilators are also included in Medicare s Frequently Substantially Serviced payment category and are reimbursed under the Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System HCPCS codes E0465 (invasive ventilation), E0466 (non-invasive ventilation) and E0467 (multi-function ventilation). 
 
 Viemed s patients are served by RTs who are each licensed members of the American Association for Respiratory Care AARC ). The RT licensure and AARC membership ensure that Viemed is able to provide patients with in-home respiratory care services, equipment setup, training, and on-call services with state-of-the-art clinical protocols. Additionally, Viemed s Chief Medical Officer, Dr. William Frazier, is a board certified pulmonary disease specialist and oversees clinical protocols. 
 
 Viemed sources hardware from vendors and pairs them with industry leading respiratory therapy. The emerging nature of the market presents risks that vendors may not be able to provide equipment to satisfy demand. Viemed has historically funded patient related capital expenditures through cash generated from operations or financing through an affiliate of its primary vendors. Additionally, Viemed patient related capital expenditures can be financed through its existing commercial credit facilities comprised of a revolving credit facility of up to 30.0 million, a delayed draw term loan facility of up to 30 million, and an accordion feature allowing the Company to increase the size of such facilities by up to an additional 30 million, subject to certain conditions, for a total borrowing capacity of up to 90 million. While Viemed currently has no immediate plans to draw on these facilities, the credit facilities allow flexibility in funding future operations. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation, including numerous laws directed at regulating reimbursement of our products and services under various government and commercial programs and preventing fraud and abuse, as more fully described below. We maintain certain safeguards intended to reduce the likelihood that we will engage in conduct or enter into arrangements in violation of these restrictions. Federal and state laws require that we obtain facility and other regulatory licenses and that we enroll as a supplier with federal and state health programs. Notwithstanding these measures, due to changes in and new interpretations of such laws and regulations, and changes in our business, among other factors, violations of these laws and regulations may still occur, which could subject us to: civil and criminal enforcement actions; licensure revocation, suspension, or non-renewal; severe fines and penalties; and even the termination of our ability to provide services, including those provided under certain government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. 
 Page 6 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services 
 
 CMS requires providers of products or services to attain and maintain accreditation in order to participate in federally funded healthcare programs. To attain and maintain accreditation, companies are required to institute policies and procedures that, among other things, formalize the interaction of the company with patients. Accrediting bodies that are approved by CMS will perform audits of these policies and procedures every three years. Should a company fall out of compliance with the requirements of the accrediting body, expulsion from the Medicare program could follow. In December 2008, we became a Durable, Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics, and Supplies accredited Medicare supplier by the Accreditation Commission for Health Care for our solutions. Our Medicare accreditation must be renewed every three years through passage of an on-site inspection. We last renewed our accreditation with Medicare in August 2021. Maintaining our accreditation and Medicare enrollment requires that we comply with numerous business and customer support standards. If we are found to be out of compliance with accreditation standards, our enrollment status in the Medicare program could be jeopardized, up to and including termination. 
 
 CMS also requires that all durable medical equipment ("DME") providers who bill the Medicare program maintain a surety bond of 50,000 per National Provider Identifier NPI number which Medicare has approved for billing privileges. We obtained surety bonds before the October 2009 deadline, and such bonds automatically renew annually. 
 
 In order to ensure that Medicare beneficiaries only receive medically necessary and appropriate items and services, the Medicare program has adopted a number of documentation requirements. For example, the DME Medicare Administrative Contractor MAC Supplier Manuals provide that clinical information from the patient s medical record is required to justify the initial and ongoing medical necessity for the provision of DME. Some DME MACs, CMS staff and government subcontractors have taken the position, among other things, that the patient s medical record refers not to documentation maintained by the DME supplier but instead to documentation maintained by the patient s physician, healthcare facility or other clinician, and that clinical information created by the DME supplier s personnel and confirmed by the patient s physician is not sufficient to establish medical necessity. It may be difficult, and sometimes impossible, for us to obtain documentation from other healthcare providers. Moreover, auditors interpretations of these policies are inconsistent and subject to individual interpretation. This is then translated to individual supplier error rates and aggregated into a Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies DMEPOS industry error rate, which is significantly higher than other Medicare provider/supplier types. High error rates lead to further audit activity and regulatory burdens. DME MACs continue to conduct extensive pre-payment and post-payment reviews across the DME industry and have determined a wide range of error rates. DME MACs have repeatedly cited documentation insufficiencies as the primary reason for claim denials. If these or other burdensome positions are generally adopted by auditors, DME MACs, other contractors or CMS in administering the Medicare program, we would have the right to challenge these positions as being contrary to law. If these interpretations of the documentation requirements are ultimately upheld, however, it could result in our making significant refunds and other payments to Medicare and our future revenues from Medicare may be significantly reduced. We have adjusted certain operational policies to address the current expectations of Medicare and its contractors. We cannot predict the adverse impact, if any, these interpretations of the Medicare documentation requirements or our revised policies might have on our operations, cash flow, and capital resources, but such impact could be material. 
 
 CMS maintains a Master List of Items Frequently Subject to Unnecessary Utilization. This list identifies items that could potentially be subject to prior authorization as a condition of Medicare payment. CMS has added home ventilators used with a non-invasive interface to the Master List of Items Frequently Subject to Unnecessary Utilization. If CMS requires prior authorization requirements for noninvasive home ventilation, it could materially impact our business. 

Page 7 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Competitive Bidding Process 
 
 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 required the Secretary of Health and Human Services ("HHS") to establish and implement programs under which competitive acquisition areas are established throughout the United States for purposes of awarding contracts for the furnishing of competitively priced items of durable medical equipment. 
 
 CMS conducts a competition for each competitive acquisition area under which providers submit bids to supply certain covered items of DME. Under the competitive bidding program, DME suppliers compete to become Medicare contract suppliers by submitting bids to furnish certain items in competitive bidding areas. As part of the competitive bidding process, single payment amounts SPAs replace the current Medicare DME fee schedule payment amounts for selected items in certain areas of the country. The SPAs are determined by using bids submitted by DME suppliers. In 2019, CMS included non-invasive ventilator products on the list of products subject to the competitive bidding program in Round 2021. On March 9, 2020, CMS announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the United States President's exercise of the Defense Production Act, public concern regarding access to ventilators, and the non-invasive ventilators product category being new to the competitive bidding program, non-invasive ventilators were removed as a product category from Round 2021. On October 27, 2020, CMS announced that it had removed 13 of the 15 remaining product categories from Round 2021, including oxygen and PAP devices, because the payment amounts did not achieve expected savings. As a result of these announcements, we retain the ability to continue to furnish non-invasive ventilators and oxygen and PAP devices for all of our Medicare accredited areas. However, we are uncertain if non-invasive ventilators and oxygen and PAP devices will be included in future competitive bidding programs. The current Round 2021 contracts expire on December 31, 2023 and CMS has not announced a new round of competitive bidding. Historically, CMS announces new rounds of competitive bidding and starts the process approximately 18 months prior to the contract start date. We cannot predict the outcome of the competitive bidding process for contracted supplier selection or the impact of the competitive bidding process on reimbursements to our existing customers. 
 
 Licensure 
 
 Several states require that DME providers be licensed in order to sell products to patients in that state. Certain of these states require that durable medical equipment providers maintain an in-state location. Most of our state licenses are renewed on an annual basis. Although we believe we are in compliance with all applicable state regulations regarding licensure requirements, if we were found to be noncompliant, we could lose our licensure in that state, which could prohibit us from selling our current or future products to patients in that state. In addition, we are subject to certain state laws regarding professional licensure. 
 
 Accreditation 
 
 Many payors require accreditation under payor contracts. If we lose accreditation at any location, it could have an adverse impact on our reimbursement under payor contracts. 
 
 Fraud and Abuse Regulations 
 
 Federal Anti-Kickback and Self-Referral Laws . The Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, among other things, prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration, whether directly or indirectly and overtly or covertly, in return for, or to induce the referral of an individual for the: 
 
 furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services reimbursable in whole or in part under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs; or 
 
 purchase, lease, or order of, or the arrangement or recommendation of the purchasing, leasing, or ordering of any item or service reimbursable in whole or in part under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. 
 
 There are a number of narrow safe harbors to the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Such safe harbors permit certain payments and business practices that, although they would otherwise potentially implicate the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, are not treated as an offense under the same if all of the requirements of the specific applicable safe harbor are met. 
 
 The Federal Anti-Kickback Statute applies to certain arrangements with healthcare providers, product end users and other parties, including marketing arrangements and discounts and other financial incentives offered in connection with the sales of our products. Although we believe that we have structured such arrangements to be in compliance with the Anti-Kickback Statute and other applicable laws, regulatory authorities may determine that our marketing, pricing, or other activities violate the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute or other applicable laws. Noncompliance with the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute can result in civil, administrative and/or criminal penalties, restrictions on our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions, and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. In addition, to the extent we are found to not be in compliance, we may be required to curtail or restructure our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, exclusions, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our financial condition and our results of operations. 
 
 Page 8 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The Ethics in Patient Referrals Act, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician from making referrals for certain designated health services payable by Medicare to an entity, including a company that furnishes DME, in which the physician or an immediate family member of such physician has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician has entered into a compensation arrangement, unless a statutory exception applies. Violation of the Stark Law could result in denial of payment, disgorgement of reimbursements received under a noncompliance arrangement, civil penalties, damages and exclusion from Medicare or other governmental programs. Although we believe that we have structured our provider arrangements to comply with current Stark Law requirements, these requirements are highly technical and there can be no guarantee that regulatory authorities will not determine or assert that our arrangements are in violation of the Stark Law and do not otherwise meet applicable Stark Law exceptions. 
 
 Additionally, because some of these laws continue to evolve, we lack definitive guidance as to the application of certain key aspects of these laws as they relate to our arrangements with providers with respect to patient training. We cannot predict the final form that these regulations will take or the effect that the final regulations will have on us. As a result, our provider arrangements may ultimately be found to be noncompliant with applicable federal law. 
 
 False statements . The federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or omitting a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of healthcare benefits, items, or services. In addition to criminal penalties, violation of this statute may result in collateral administrative sanctions, including exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. 
 
 Federal False Claims Act and Civil Monetary Penalties Law . The Federal False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government or a private party on behalf of the government may bring a lawsuit against any person whom it believes has knowingly presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim paid or to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government or who has knowingly retained an overpayment. In addition, amendments in 1986 to the Federal False Claims Act have made it easier for private parties to bring whistleblower lawsuits against companies. 
 
 The Civil Monetary Penalties Law provides, in part, that the federal government may seek civil monetary penalties against any person who presents or causes to be presented claims to a Federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for an item or services that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent, or the person has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim paid. The federal government may also seek civil monetary penalties for a wide variety of other conduct, including offering remuneration to influence a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary s selection of providers and violations of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute. 
 
 Although we believe that we are in compliance with the Federal False Claims Act as well as the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, if we are found in violation of the same, we could be subject to various liabilities and penalties, including fines ranging from 13,508 to 27,018 for each false claim in violation of the Federal False Claims Act (as of 2023, and subject to annual adjustments for inflation) and varying amounts based on the type of violation of the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, plus up to three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained because of the act of that person. In addition, the federal government may also seek exclusion from participation in all federal healthcare programs. 
 
 In addition, we bill Medicare Part B and other insurers directly for each sale to patients. As a result, we must comply with all laws, rules and regulations associated with filing claims with the Medicare program, including the Social Security Act, Medicare regulations, the Federal False Claims Act and the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, as well as a variety of additional federal and state laws. During an audit, insurers typically expect to find explicit documentation in the medical record to support a claim. Physicians and other clinicians, who are responsible for prescribing our products for patients, are expected to create and maintain the medical records that form the basis for the claims we submit to Medicare and other insurers. Any failure by physicians and other clinicians to properly document the medical records for patients using our products could invalidate claims, impair our ability to collect submitted claims and subject us to overpayment liabilities, Federal False Claims Act liabilities and other penalties including exclusion from the Medicare, Medicaid or private insurance programs. 
 
 To the extent we are found to not be in compliance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations, we may be required to curtail or restructure our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, exclusions, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our financial condition and our results of operations. 
 
 State fraud and abuse provisions . Many states have also adopted some form of anti-kickback and anti-referral laws and false claims acts that apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. In some states, these laws apply and we believe that we are in compliance with such laws. Nevertheless, a determination of liability under such laws could result in fines and penalties, as well as restrictions on our ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 
 
 Page 9 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Other Anti-Corruption Laws . We may be subject to a variety of domestic and foreign anti-corruption laws with respect to our regulatory compliance efforts and operations. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA is a criminal statute that prohibits an individual or business from paying, offering, promising or authorizing the provision of money (such as a bribe or kickback) or anything else of value (such as an improper gift, hospitality, or favor), directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining, retaining, or directing business or other advantages (such as favorable regulatory rulings). The FCPA also obligates companies with securities listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions. Those provisions require a company such as ours to (i) maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions, expenses and asset dispositions, and (ii) devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that transactions are properly authorized, executed and recorded. The FCPA is subject to broad interpretation by the U.S. government. The past decade has seen a significant increase in enforcement activity. In addition to the FCPA, there are a number of other federal and state anti-corruption laws to which we may be subject, including, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 USC 201 (which prohibits bribing U.S. government officials) and the U.S. Travel Act (which in some instances addresses private-sector or commercial bribery both within and outside the United States). 
 
 We could be held liable under the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws for the illegal activities of our employees, representatives, contractors, collaborators, agents, subsidiaries, or affiliates, even if we did not explicitly authorize such activity. Although we will seek to comply with anti-corruption laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, representatives, contractors, collaborators, agents, subsidiaries or affiliates will comply with these laws at all times. Violation of these laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension and/or debarment from contracting with certain governments or other persons, the loss of export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences. In addition, our directors, officers, employees, and other representatives who engage in violations of the FCPA and certain other anti-corruption statutes may face imprisonment, fines and penalties. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could further harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 HIPAA . The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA established uniform standards governing the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protecting the security and privacy of individually identifiable health information maintained or transmitted by healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses (collectively covered entities ). The following standards have been promulgated under HIPAA s regulations: 
 
 the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information, which restrict the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information, or protected health information 
 
 the Standards for Electronic Transactions, which establish standards for common healthcare transactions, such as claims information, plan eligibility, payment information and the use of electronic signatures; 
 
 the Security Standards, which require covered entities to implement and maintain certain security measures to safeguard certain electronic health information, including the adoption of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect such information; and 
 
 the breach notification rules, which require covered entitles to provide notification to affected individuals, the HHS and the media in the event of a breach of unsecured protected health information. 
 
 In 2009, Congress passed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ARRA which included sweeping changes to HIPAA, including an expansion of HIPAA s privacy and security standards. ARRA includes the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH which, among other things, made HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates of covered entities. A business associate is a person or entity that performs certain functions or activities on behalf of a covered entity that involve the use or disclosure of protected health information. As a result, business associates are now subject to significant civil and criminal penalties for failure to comply with applicable standards. Moreover, HITECH creates a new requirement to report certain breaches of unsecured, individually identifiable health information and imposes penalties on entities that fail to do so. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. 
 
 Page 10 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The 2013 final HITECH omnibus rule (the HITECH Final Rule modifies the breach reporting standard in a manner that makes more data security incidents qualify as reportable breaches. Any liability from a failure to comply with the requirements of HIPAA or the HITECH Act could adversely affect our financial condition. The costs of complying with privacy and security related legal and regulatory requirements are burdensome and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The HITECH Final Rule will continue to be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us, as well as referring providers. 
 
 In addition to federal regulations issued under HIPAA, some states have enacted privacy and security statutes or regulations that, in certain cases, are more stringent than those issued under HIPAA. In those cases, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations and procedures to comply with the more stringent state laws. Most states have also adopted breach notification laws that require notification to affected individuals and certain state agencies if there is a security breach of certain individually-identifiable information. If we suffer a privacy or security breach, we could be required to expend significant resources to provide notification to the affected individuals and address the breach, as well as reputational harm associated with the breach. If we fail to comply with applicable state laws and regulations, we could be subject to additional sanctions. Any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of HIPAA, HITECH or state privacy and security statutes or regulations could adversely affect our financial condition. The costs of complying with privacy and security related legal and regulatory requirements are burdensome and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 General Regulatory Compliance and Health Care Reform 
 
 The evolving regulatory and compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with different compliance or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including potentially significant criminal and civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, financial condition and our results of operations. 
 
 In March 2010, the Affordable Care Act ACA was enacted into law in the United States. This healthcare reform, which included a number of provisions aimed at improving the quality and decreasing the cost of healthcare, has resulted in significant reimbursement cuts in Medicare payments to hospitals and other healthcare providers in the healthcare reimbursement system, evolving toward value- and outcomes-based reimbursement methodologies. It is uncertain what long-term consequences these provisions will have on patient access to new technologies and what impact these provisions will have on Medicare reimbursement rates. Other elements of the ACA, including comparative effectiveness research, an independent payment advisory board and payment systems reform, including shared savings pilots and other reforms, may result in fundamental changes to federal healthcare reimbursement programs. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ("TCJA") repealed penalties for noncompliance with the requirement for insurance coverage known as the individual mandate. This change could affect whether individuals enroll in health plans and could impact insurers with which we contract. Other changes to the ACA could impact the number of patients who have access to our products. Existing and additional legislative or administrative reforms, or any repeal of provisions, of the U.S. healthcare reimbursement systems may significantly reduce reimbursement or otherwise impact coverage for our medical devices, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of such systems in coverage or reimbursement issues could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Third-Party Reimbursement 
 
 In the United States and elsewhere, sales of medical devices depend in significant part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement to providers and patients from third-party payors. Third-party payors include private insurance plans and governmental programs. As with other medical devices, reimbursement for our products can differ significantly from payor to payor, and our products are not universally covered by third-party commercial payors. Further, third-party payors continually review existing technologies for continued coverage and can, with limited notice, deny or reverse coverage for existing products. 
 
 Two principal governmental third-party payors in the United States are Medicare and Medicaid. Medicare is a federal program that provides certain medical insurance benefits to persons age 65 and over, certain disabled persons and others. In contrast, Medicaid is a medical assistance program jointly funded by federal and state governments to serve certain individuals and families with low incomes and who meet other eligibility requirements. Each state administers its own Medicaid program which determines the benefits made available to the Medicaid recipients in that state. The Medicare and Medicaid statutory framework is subject to administrative rulings, interpretations and discretion that affect the amount and timing of reimbursement made under Medicare and Medicaid. 
 
 Page 11 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

CMS, which is the agency within the HHS that administers both Medicare and Medicaid, has the authority to decline to cover particular products or services if it determines that they are not reasonable and necessary for the treatment of Medicare beneficiaries. A coverage determination for a product, which establishes the indications that will be covered, and any restrictions or limitations, can be developed at the national level by CMS through a National Coverage Determination NCD or at the local level through a Local Coverage Determination LCD by a regional DME MAC. CMS could issues new NCDs or the regional DME MACs could issue LCDs related to a full range of respiratory DME products. If such NCDs or LCDs are issued or revised, they could significantly alter the coverage under Medicare and materially impact our business. 
 
 With respect to our ventilator products, an NCD for the DME Reference List, which has been effective since April 1, 2003, indicates that ventilators, including our products, are covered for the treatment of neuromuscular diseases, thoracic restrictive diseases, and chronic respiratory failure consequent to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. While the NCD for the DME Reference List has been updated, no separate NCD has been issued for ventilators. Monthly rental revenue from ventilators represented approximately 68 and 77 , respectively, of traditional revenue, excluding COVID-19 response sales and services, for 2022 and 2021. Medicare Administrative Contractors responsible for processing durable medical equipment claims have issued LCDs for Respiratory Assist Devices RADs which contain language describing an overlap in conditions used to determine coverage for RADs and ventilator devices. These LCDs state that the treatment plan for any individual patient, including the determination to use a ventilator or a BiPAP, may vary and will be made based upon the specifics of each individual beneficiary s medical condition. Due to this variability, determinations of coverage for our ventilator products are subject to scrutiny of individual medical records and claims. Revenues from Medicare and Medicaid accounted for 56 and 64 , respectively, of traditional revenue, excluding COVID-19 response sales and services, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Because Medicare criteria is extensive, we have a team dedicated to educating prescribers to help them understand how Medicare policy affects their patients and the medical record documentation needed to meet both NCD and LCD requirements. We maintain open communication with physician key opinion leaders and with Medicare Administrative Contractors to provide data as it becomes available that could potentially influence coverage decisions. We also continue to closely monitor our Medicare business to identify trends that could have a negative impact on certain Medicare patients access to our products, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Commercial payors that reimburse for our products do so in a variety of ways, depending on the insurance plan s policies, employer and benefit manager input, and contracts with their provider network. Moreover, Medicaid programs and some commercial insurance plans, especially Medicare Advantage plans (commercial insurers that are administering Medicare benefits to certain beneficiaries), are frequently influenced by Medicare coverage determinations. In working with payors who follow Medicare criteria, we have focused on clear communications with insurers to ensure mutual understanding of criteria interpretation, which differs significantly among the plans from very restrictive to quite lenient, and we then work closely with prescribers to educate them accordingly. While this approach has had positive impact, we do not know if or when additional payors may adopt the LCD criteria nor do we know how they will choose to interpret it. 
 
 We believe a reduction or elimination of coverage or reimbursement of our products by Medicare would likely cause some commercial third-party payors to implement similar reductions in their coverage or reimbursement of our products. If we are unable to expand coverage of our products by additional commercial payors, or if third-party payors that currently cover or reimburse for our products reverse or limit their coverage in the future, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ). For as long as we are an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory say-on-pay votes on executive compensation and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of our fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion (as such amount is indexed for inflation every five years by the SEC to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1 million) or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of our first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act (iii) the date on which we have, during the prior three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; and (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the Exchange Act. 
 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common shares less attractive to the extent we rely on the exemptions available to emerging growth companies. If some investors find our common shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common shares and our share price may be more volatile. 
 
 Page 12 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We may choose to take advantage of such extended transition period. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The respiratory care industry is highly competitive. While Viemed is one of the top three providers of NIV and related services in the United States, its current competitors may gain market share, and any new entrants, with greater financial and technical resources, may provide additional competition. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that Viemed will be able to grow its operations organically to meet the competitive environment. 
 
 Significant Customers 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Viemed had no customers that accounted for 10 or more of its consolidated traditional revenue streams. 
 
 Viemed earns revenues by seeking reimbursement from Medicare and private health insurance companies, with the Medicare program of the United States government being the primary entity making payments. If the Medicare program were to slow payments of Viemed receivables for any reason, Viemed would be adversely impacted. 
 
 A majority of the Company s revenues are derived from the fee-for-service pricing guidelines set by CMS. These pricing guidelines are subject to change at the discretion of CMS. 
 
 Employees 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Viemed had 743 employees, in addition to consultants working directly with hospitals and other healthcare providers to help simplify the administrative process for patients transitioning from hospital to home care. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risks Related to Our Industry and Business 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic. Various policies and initiatives were implemented to reduce the transmission of COVID-19, including travel bans and restrictions, postponement of non-essential medical surgeries, limiting access to medical facilities, and adoption of social distancing and remote working policies. Employee and patient safety is our first priority, and as a result, we put preparedness plans in place for our employees, especially our clinical personnel, and modified our clinical protocols to limit unnecessary patient encounters. 
 
 At this time, COVID-19 related measures do not appear to be negatively impacting our patient attrition rate, but we cannot assure you that future governmental policies and initiatives will not significantly disrupt our operations or adversely affect our ability to provide services to our patients in the future. During the COVID-19 public health emergency PHE our ability to assess potential patients in hospitals has varied by hospital and city, but overall our business of setting up new patients in the home has continued. On January 30, 2023, the Biden Administration announced that it plans to end the COVID-19 PHE on May 11, 2023. At the end of the COVID-19 PHE, many waivers and flexibilities applicable during the COVID-19 pandemic will become unavailable. While COVID-19 related measures have not had a material impact on our consolidated operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, we cannot predict at this time the impact that the end of the COVID-19 PHE will have on our business and financial condition. It is also possible that the U.S. government will ultimately decide not to end the COVID-19 PHE on May 11, 2023, creating additional uncertainties about our future business and financial condition. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that demand for our products and services will continue or that we will be able to maintain operations necessary to satisfy such demand, including sufficient personnel, supply chains and distributions channels. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has led to significant disruptions and volatility in capital and financial markets. Broad economic factors resulting from the current COVID-19 pandemic, including high unemployment and underemployment levels and reduced consumer spending and confidence, could also affect our service mix, revenue mix, payor mix and patient base, as well as our ability to collect outstanding receivables. Business closures and layoffs in the geographic areas in which we operate may lead to increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations and adversely affect demand for our services, as well as the ability of patients and other payors to pay for services rendered. Any increase in the amount or deterioration in the collectability of patient accounts receivable will adversely affect our financial results and require an increased level of working capital. In addition, we may experience supply chain disruptions, including delays and price increases in equipment and supplies. Staffing, equipment and supplies shortages may also impact our ability to assess potential patients in hospitals and set up and treat patients in the home. 
 Page 13 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

We believe we presently have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash needs, however, we continue to evaluate and take action, as necessary, to preserve adequate liquidity and ensure that our business can continue to operate during these uncertain times. In addition, we have received, and may continue to receive, payments, grants or other relief under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ("CARES") Act and other stimulus efforts. While the impact of COVID-19 on our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 has resulted in supplemental revenues related to COVID-19 response sales and services during the period, revenues related to COVID-19 response sales and services decreased in 2022 when compared to 2021 and the overall impact that COVID-19 will have on our consolidated results of operations in future periods remains uncertain, and difficult to predict and will depend on, among other factors, the duration and severity of the pandemic, as well as any negative economic conditions arising from the pandemic, our ability to assess potential patients in hospitals and set up and treat patients in the home and the impacts of government actions and administrative regulations on the healthcare industry and broader economy. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of these potential impacts to our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. If COVID-19 intensifies or if the response to contain the COVID-19 pandemic is unsuccessful, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Further, COVID-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. In addition, the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the volatile economic conditions stemming from the pandemic, could also heighten the risks disclosed in many of the other risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because the COVID-19 pandemic is unprecedented and continuously evolving, the other potential impacts to the risk factors described below are uncertain. 
 
 We have a limited history of operations and we might be unsuccessful in increasing our sales and cannot assure you that we will ever generate substantial revenue or be profitable. 
 
 We have a limited history of operations. There can be no assurance that our business will be successful and generate, or maintain, any profit. 
 
 Our novel business model may not be accepted by the market, which would harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Home monitoring of patients is a relatively new business, making it difficult to predict market acceptance, development, expansion and direction. Adoption of home monitoring services and technology by patients and physicians can require education, which can result in a lengthy sales cycle. The market may take time to develop. Physicians and/or patients may be slow to adopt new methods. The development of our home monitoring business is dependent on a number of factors. These factors include: our ability to differentiate our services from those of our competitors; the extent and timing of the acceptance of our services as a replacement for, or supplement to, traditional methods of servicing patients; the effectiveness of our sales and marketing and engagement efforts with customers and their health plan participants; and our ability to provide quality customer service, as perceived by patients and physicians. If our home monitoring business is not fully developed as a result of the failure of any of these factors or if our novel business model is not accepted by the market, our financial condition and results of operations would be significantly impacted. 
 
 We compete against companies that have longer operating histories and greater resources, which may result in reduced profit margins and loss of market share. 
 
 While we are currently one of the top three providers of NIV and related services in the United States, the respiratory care industry is highly competitive and dynamic and may become more competitive as new players enter the market. Certain competitors will be subsidiaries or divisions of larger, much better capitalized companies. Certain competitors will have vertically integrated manufacturing and services sectors of the market. We may have less capital and may encounter greater operational challenges in serving the market. Better capitalized competitors may also be able to borrow money or raise debt to purchase equipment more easily than us. Potential competitors could have significantly greater financial, research and development, manufacturing, and sales and marketing resources than we have and could utilize their greater resources to acquire or develop new technologies or products that could effectively compete with our existing products. Additionally, demand for our home monitoring services and other services could be diminished by equivalent or superior products and services developed by competitors. Competing in these markets could result in price-cutting, reduced profit margins and loss of market share, any of which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Reductions in reimbursement rates may have a materially adverse impact on the profitability of our operations. 
 
 Reimbursement for our services primarily comes from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private health insurance companies, and our ability to sell our products and services depends in large part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products and services are and will continue to be available. The reimbursement 
 Page 14 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

rates offered are outside of our control. On December 29, 2022, President Joe Biden signed the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (the "CAA into law. The CAA extends current 75/25 blended Medicare reimbursement rates for durable medical equipment in non-competitive bidding, non-rural areas through the later of the end of the COVID-19 PHE or the end of 2023. As previously discussed, the U.S. government has announced that it plans to end the COVID-19 PHE on May 11, 2023. If the COVID-19 PHE ends in 2023, the current 75/25 blended Medicare reimbursement rates for durable medical equipment in non-competitive bidding, non-rural areas will last until December 31, 2023. 
 
 Reimbursement rates for our services, like much of the United States healthcare market, are subject to reductions. We cannot predict the extent and timing of any reduction in reimbursement rates and we cannot assure you that coverage and reimbursement will be available for our products or services, that reimbursement amounts will be adequate, or that reimbursement amounts, even if initially adequate, will not be subsequently reduced. 
 
 Reductions in reimbursement rates, if they occur, may have a material adverse impact on the profitability of our operations. A reduction in reimbursement without a concurrent decline in the cost of operations, may result in reduced profitability. Our costs of operations could increase, but we may be unable to pass on the cost increases to customers because reimbursement rates are set without regard to the cost of service, also resulting in reduced profitability. 
 
 Our reliance on only a few sources of reimbursement for our services could result in delays in reimbursement, which could adversely affect cash flow and revenues. 
 
 We earn revenues by seeking reimbursement for our products and services from governmental healthcare programs and private health insurance companies, primarily from the federal Medicare program. If the Medicare program were to slow payments of our receivables for any reason, we would be adversely impacted. In addition, both governmental healthcare programs and private health insurance companies may seek ways to avoid or delay reimbursement, which could adversely affect our cash flow and revenues. 
 
 Our dependence on key suppliers puts us at risk of interruptions in the availability of the equipment we need for our services, which could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We require the timely delivery of a sufficient supply of equipment we use to perform our home treatment of patients. Our dependence on third-party suppliers involves several additional risks, including limited control over pricing, availability, quality and delivery schedules. In addition, there are a limited number of manufacturers of the equipment used for home treatment of patients with ventilation respiratory therapy. Dependence on only a few manufacturers presents risks that suppliers may not be able to provide or adequately provide sufficient equipment to satisfy demand. Demand may also outstrip supply, leading to equipment shortages that could adversely affect our operations. Inadequate supply could also impair our ability to attract new business and could create upward pricing pressure on equipment and supplies, adversely affecting our margins. Conversely, incorrect demand forecasting could lead to excess inventory, which we may not be able to sell. If we fail to achieve certain volume of sales, prices of ventilators may increase, leading to reduced revenue and profitability. The industry is subject to a high level of regulatory scrutiny, and government or manufacturer recalls could adversely affect our ability to provide products and services and achieve revenue targets. Additionally, the market for financing ventilators and other supplies we need could be more difficult in the future. 
 
 On June 14, 2021, Royal Philips Philips ), one of our largest suppliers of BiPAP and CPAP and mechanical ventilator devices, initiated a voluntary recall notification with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for certain Philips BiPAP and CPAP and mechanical ventilator devices that we distribute and sell. Philips initiated this recall to address potential health risks related to the polyester-based polyurethane PE-PUR sound abatement foam component in these devices. The PE-PUR sound abatement foam, which is used to reduce sound and vibration in these affected devices, may break down and potentially enter the device s air pathway and may off-gas certain chemicals. If this occurs, black debris from the foam or certain chemicals released into the device s air pathway may be inhaled or swallowed by the person using the device. In July 2021, the FDA identified the Philips recall as a Class I recall, the most serious type of recall. Patients using these devices have been instructed to contact their health care provider and doctor about a suitable treatment for their condition. As of January 2023, Philips has announced completion of 90 of the production of replacement devices and repair kits. 
 
 We cannot predict the potential legal, regulatory, and financial risks that may arise out of the recall. Some patients may discontinue use of their device, which could affect our ability to continue billing for service. Viemed has been named in and may be subject to future litigation related to the recall, including individual and putative class action claims related to personal injury for devices affected by the recall as well as claims regarding repair and replacement of devices affected by the recall. Viemed cannot predict what additional actions will be required of the Company by the FDA or other state or federal agencies related to the recall. 
 
 Page 15 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

We conduct all of our operations through our United States subsidiaries and our ability to extract value from these subsidiaries may be limited. 
 
 We conduct all of our operations through our United States subsidiaries. Therefore, to the extent of these holdings, we (directly and indirectly) will be dependent on the cash flows of these subsidiaries to meet our obligations. The ability of such subsidiaries to make payments to their parent companies may be constrained by a variety of factors, including, the level of taxation, particularly corporate profits and withholding taxes, in the jurisdiction in which each subsidiary operates, and the introduction of exchange controls or repatriation restrictions or the availability of hard currency to be repatriated. Additionally, our subsidiaries are restricted from making distributions to us by our existing commercial credit facilities, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The failure to attract or to retain management or key operating personnel, including directors, could adversely affect operations. 
 
 Our success to date has depended, and will continue to depend, largely on the skills and efforts of our management team, including our ability to interpret market data correctly and to interpret and respond to economic, market and other conditions in order to locate and adopt appropriate opportunities. We are also dependent on the services of key executives, including our directors and a small number of highly skilled and experienced executives and personnel. Due to our relatively small size, the loss of a key individual on our management team or our inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled employees and suitably qualified staff could have a material adverse impact on our business and future operations. No assurance can be given that individuals with the required skills will continue employment with us or that replacement personnel with comparable skills can be found. 
 
 We may be unable to achieve our strategy to grow our business or properly manage our growth, which could adversely impact our revenues and profits. 
 
 We may have difficulty identifying or acquiring suitable acquisition targets and maintaining our organic growth, which is a significant aspect of our business model. In the event that we are successful in consummating acquisitions in the future, such acquisitions may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects due to a variety of factors, including the acquired target not achieving anticipated revenue, earnings or cash flows, our assumption of liabilities or risks beyond our estimates or the diversion of the attention of management from our existing business. 
 
 In addition, as we continue to grow, the complexity of our operations increases, placing greater demands on our management team. Our ability to manage our growth effectively depends on our ability to implement and improve our financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to effect other changes in our business including the ability to monitor and improve the quality of our products and services and properly manage regulatory compliance systems. Unexpected difficulties during expansion or our inability to respond effectively to growth or plan for future expansion could have an adverse effect on our ability to continue to grow and achieve our expansion strategy, which could adversely impact our earnings per share and our revenue and profits. 
 
 We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. If we are unable to obtain necessary capital on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to execute on our business plans and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our development and the business (including acquisitions) may require additional financing, which may involve high transaction costs, dilution to shareholders, high interest rates or unfavorable terms and conditions. Failure to obtain sufficient financing may result in the delay or indefinite postponement of our business plans and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that additional capital or other types of financing will be available if needed or that, if available, the terms of such financing will be favorable to us. 
 
 We are subject to the risks of litigation and governmental proceedings, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are, and in the future may be, subject to legal and governmental proceedings and claims. The parties in such legal actions may seek amounts from us that may not be covered in whole or in part by insurance. Defending ourselves against such legal actions could result in significant costs and could require a substantial amount of time and effort by our management team. We cannot predict the outcome of litigation or governmental proceedings to which we are a party or whether we will be subject to future legal actions. As a result, the potential costs associated with legal actions against us could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. 
 
 Page 16 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Insurance and claims expenses could significantly reduce our profitability. 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks and hazards generally. Such occurrences could result in damage to property, inventory, facilities, personal injury or death, damage to our properties, or the properties of others, monetary losses and possible legal liability. We may be subject to product liability and medical malpractice claims, which may adversely affect our operations. Our industry is highly regulated, and may be subject to regulatory scrutiny for violations of regulations and laws. We could be adversely affected by the time and cost involved with regulatory investigations even if we have operated in compliance with all laws. Investigations could also adversely affect the timely payment of receivables. 
 
 Although we maintain insurance to protect against certain risks in such amounts as we consider to be reasonable, our insurance will not cover all the potential risks associated with our operations. We may also be unable to maintain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums. Insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be adequate to cover any resulting liability. We might also become subject to liability which may not be insured against or which we may elect not to insure against because of premium costs or other reasons. Losses from these events may cause us to incur significant costs that could have a material adverse effect upon our financial performance and results of operations. 
 
 We rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we receive certain personal information, in both physical and electronic formats, about our patients, our employees, and our vendors. We maintain substantial security measures and data backup systems to protect, store, and prevent unauthorized access to such information. Nevertheless, it is possible that computer hackers and others (through cyberattacks, which are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, or by other means) might defeat our security measures in the future and obtain the personal information of customers, their loved ones, our employees, and our vendors that we hold. If we fail to protect this information, we could experience significant costs and expenses as well as damage to our reputation. Additionally, legislation relating to cybersecurity threats could impose additional requirements on our operations. 
 
 Our ability to manage and maintain our internal reports effectively and integration of new business acquisitions depends significantly on our enterprise resource planning system and other information systems. Some of our information technology systems may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with ongoing systems implementation work. The failure of our systems to operate effectively or to integrate with other systems, or a breach in security or other unauthorized access of these systems, may also result in reduced efficiency of our operations and could require significant capital investments to remediate any such failure, problem or breach and to comply with applicable regulations, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Disruptions in the credit and financial markets may have an adverse impact on our ability to obtain capital and financing for our operations. 
 
 Market events and conditions, including disruptions in the international credit markets and other financial systems and the deterioration of global economic conditions, could impede our access to capital or increase the cost of capital. These disruptions could, among other things, make it more difficult for us to obtain, or increase our cost of obtaining, capital and financing for our operations. Access to additional capital may not be available to us on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 
 
 Risks Relating to Government Regulation 
 
 Healthcare reform legislation may affect our business. 
 
 Healthcare reform laws significantly affect the U.S. healthcare services industry. In recent years, many legislative proposals have been introduced or proposed in Congress and in some state legislatures that would affect major changes in the healthcare system, either nationally or at the state level. At the federal level, Congress has continued to propose or consider healthcare budgets that substantially reduce payments under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. See Business Government Regulation in Item 1 for more information. The ultimate content, timing or effect of any healthcare reform legislation and the impact of potential legislation on us is uncertain and difficult, if not impossible, to predict. That impact may be material to our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Page 17 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation, and if we fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could suffer severe criminal or civil sanctions or be required to make significant changes to our operations that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The federal government and all states in which we currently operate regulate various aspects of our business. Our operations also are subject to state laws governing, among other things, distribution of medical equipment and certain types of home health activities, and we are required to obtain and maintain licenses in each state to act as a DME supplier. Additionally, accreditation is required by many payors. If we fail to obtain or maintain any required accreditation, it could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 As a healthcare provider participating in governmental healthcare programs, we are subject to laws directed at preventing fraud, waste, and abuse, which subject our marketing, billing, documentation and other practices to government scrutiny. These include specific requirements imposed by the DME MAC Supplier Manuals. To ensure compliance with Medicare and Medicaid requirements and other federal and state regulations, government agencies or their contractors often conduct routine audits and request customer records and other documents to support our claims submitted for payment of services rendered. Government agencies or their contractors also periodically open investigations and obtain information from healthcare providers. Violations of federal and state regulations can result in severe criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, and sanctions, including debarment, suspension or exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other government reimbursement programs, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We expect the federal and state governments to continue their efforts to contain growth in Medicaid expenditures, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 
 Medicaid spending has increased rapidly in recent years, becoming a significant component of state budgets. This, combined with slower state revenue growth, has led both the federal government and many states to institute measures aimed at controlling the growth of Medicaid spending, and in some instances reducing aggregate Medicaid spending. We expect these state and federal efforts to continue for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, not all of the states in which we operate have elected to expand Medicaid coverage as part of federal healthcare reform legislation. There can be no assurance that any state Medicaid program, on the current terms or otherwise, will continue for any particular period of time beyond the foreseeable future. If Medicaid reimbursement rates are reduced or fail to increase as quickly as our costs, or if there are changes in the rules governing the Medicaid program that are disadvantageous to our businesses, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Revenue we receive from third-party payors as well as Medicare and Medicaid is subject to potential retroactive reduction. 
 
 Payments we receive from governmental healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, and private third-party payors can be retroactively adjusted after examination during the claims settlement process or as a result of post-payment audits and subsequent recoupment. Governmental healthcare programs and third-party payors may disallow, in whole or in part, our requests for reimbursement, or recoup amounts previously reimbursed, based on determinations by the payors or their third-party audit contractors that certain costs are not reimbursable because either adequate or additional documentation was not provided or because certain services were not covered or were deemed not to be medically necessary. Significant adjustments, recoupments or repayments of our Medicare or Medicaid revenue, and the costs associated with complying with investigative audits by regulatory and governmental authorities and private third-party payors, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 For example, in June of 2021, we received initial request letters from DME Medicare Administrative Contractors referencing a previously disclosed U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General OIG report and recommendation regarding an audit of claims relating to 100 of the Company s non-invasive ventilation at home patients and requesting repayment of purported overpayments within the 4-year reopening period prescribed by statue. Through the statutory appeals process, CMS' designated Qualified Independent Contractor QIC responsible for evaluating the Company s Reconsideration appeals determined that approximately 77 of the claims it reviewed were medically necessary and properly payable under Medicare rules and regulations, overturning OIG s and CMS s initial recommendations and determinations. In December of 2022, an Administrative Law Judge overturned all remaining appealed claims in Viemed s favor. See Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 
 Additionally, from time to time we become aware, based on information provided by third parties and/or the results of internal audits, of payments from such payor sources that were either wholly or partially in excess of the amount that we should have been paid for the service provided. Overpayments may result from a variety of factors, including insufficient documentation supporting the services rendered or medical necessity or other failures to document satisfaction of the applicable conditions of payment. We are required by law in most instances to refund the full amount of the overpayment after becoming aware of it, and failure to do so within requisite time limits imposed by law could lead to significant fines and penalties being imposed on us. 
 Page 18 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Furthermore, our initial billing of and payments for services that are unsupported by the requisite documentation and satisfaction of any other conditions of payment, regardless of our awareness of the failure at the time of the billing or payment, could expose us to significant fines and penalties. We could also be subject to exclusion from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs in some circumstances as well, in addition to any monetary or other fines, penalties or sanctions that we may incur under applicable federal and/or state law. Our repayment of any such amounts, as well as any fines, penalties or other sanctions that we may incur, could be significant and could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 From time to time we are also involved in external governmental investigations, audits and reviews. Reviews, audits and investigations of this sort can lead to government actions, which can result in recoupment of reimbursement, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way we conduct business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, responding to governmental investigations, audits and reviews can also require us to incur significant legal and document production expenses, regardless of whether the particular investigation, audit or review leads to identification of underlying noncompliance or wrongdoing. 
 
 As a result of increased post-payment reviews of claims we submit to Medicare and Medicaid for our services, we may incur additional costs and may be required to repay amounts already paid to us. 
 
 We are subject to regular post-payment inquiries, investigations and audits of claims we submit to Medicare and Medicaid for payment for our services. These post-payment reviews have increased as a result of government cost-containment initiatives. These additional post-payment reviews may require us to incur costs to respond to requests for records and to pursue the reversal of payment denials, and ultimately may require us to refund amounts paid to us by Medicare or Medicaid that are determined to have been overpaid. 
 
 For a further description of this and other laws and regulations involving governmental reimbursements, see Business Government Regulation in Item 1. 
 
 An economic downturn, state budget pressures, sustained unemployment and continued deficit spending by the federal government may result in a reduction in reimbursement and covered services. 
 
 An economic downturn could have a detrimental effect on our revenues. Historically, state budget pressures have translated into reductions in state spending. Given that Medicaid outlays are a significant component of state budgets, we can expect continuing cost containment pressures on Medicaid outlays for our services in the states in which we operate. In addition, an economic downturn, coupled with sustained unemployment, may also impact the number of enrollees in managed care programs as well as the profitability of managed care companies, which could result in reduced reimbursement rates. 
 
 The existing federal deficit, as well as deficit spending by federal and state governments as the result of adverse economic developments or other reasons, can lead to continuing pressure to reduce governmental expenditures for other purposes, including government-funded programs in which we participate, such as Medicare and Medicaid. Such actions in turn may adversely affect our operations and revenue. 
 
 Delays in reimbursement due to state budget deficits may increase in the future, adversely affecting our liquidity. 
 
 There is a delay between the time that we provide services and the time that we receive reimbursement or payment for these services. Many of the states in which we operate are operating with budget deficits for their current fiscal year. These and other states may in the future delay reimbursement, which would adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, from time to time, procedural issues require us to resubmit claims before payment is remitted, which contributes to our aged receivables. Additionally, unanticipated delays in receiving reimbursement from state programs due to changes in their policies or billing or audit procedures may adversely impact our liquidity and working capital. We fund operations primarily through the collection of accounts receivable. 
 
 Delays in reimbursement due to claims submission reimbursement processes may cause liquidity problems. 
 
 There are delays in reimbursement from the time we provide services to the time we receive reimbursement or payment for these services. Delays may result from changes by third-party payors to data submission requirements or requests by fiscal intermediaries for additional data or documentation, among other issues. If we have information system problems or issues that arise with Medicare or Medicaid or private health insurers, we may encounter delays in our payment cycle. Such timing delays may cause working capital shortages. Working capital management, including prompt and diligent billing and collection, is an important factor in our results of operations and liquidity. System problems, Medicare or Medicaid issues or industry trends may extend our collection period, adversely impact our working capital. Our working capital management procedures may not successfully negate 
 Page 19 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

this risk. There are often timing delays when attempting to collect funds from Medicaid programs. Delays in receiving reimbursement or payments from these programs may adversely impact our working capital. 
 
 We depend in part upon reimbursement by third-party payors. 
 
 A substantial portion of our revenues are derived from private and governmental third-party payors. In 2022, approximately 44 of our traditional revenue, excluding COVID-19 response sales and services, were derived collectively from managed care plans, commercial health insurers, workers compensation payors, and other private pay revenue sources while approximately 56 of our traditional revenue, excluding COVID-19 response sales and services, were derived from Medicare and Medicaid. Initiatives undertaken by industry and government to contain healthcare costs affect our profitability. These payors attempt to control healthcare costs by contracting with healthcare providers to obtain services on a discounted basis. We believe that this trend will continue and may limit reimbursement for healthcare services. Additionally, from time to time our contracts with payors are terminated, amended or renegotiated, sometime unilaterally through policies. If insurers or managed care companies from whom we receive substantial payments were to terminate, amend or renegotiate contracts or reduce the amounts they pay for services, our profit margins may decline, or we may lose patients if we choose not to renew our contracts with these insurers at lower rates. 
 
 We face inspections, reviews, audits and investigations under federal and state government programs and contracts. These audits could have adverse findings that may negatively affect our business. 
 
 As a result of our participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, we are subject to various governmental inspections, reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with these programs and applicable laws and regulations. Private health insurers may also reserve the right to conduct audits. An adverse inspection, review, audit or investigation could result in: 
 
 refunding amounts we have been paid pursuant to the Medicare or Medicaid programs or from private health insurers; 
 state or federal agencies imposing fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; 
 temporary suspension of payment for new patients; 
 decertification or exclusion from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs or one or more managed care payor networks; 
 damage to our reputation; and 
 loss of certain rights under, or termination of, our contracts with private health insurers. 
 
 If adverse inspections, reviews, audits or investigations occur and any of the results noted above occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 
 We are subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations relating to the privacy and security of protected health information and failure to comply with such laws may increase our operational costs. 
 
 HIPAA privacy and security regulations establish a complex regulatory framework governing the use and disclosure of protected health information ("PHI"), including, for example, the circumstances under which uses and disclosures of PHI are permitted or required without a specific authorization by the patient; a patient s right to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures of PHI; the content of notices of privacy practices describing how PHI is used and disclosed and individuals rights with respect to their PHI; and implementation of administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect privacy and security of PHI. The federal privacy regulations restrict our ability to use or disclose certain individually identifiable patient health information, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment or healthcare operations (as defined by HIPAA), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted purposes outlined in the privacy regulations. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations do not supersede state laws that may be more stringent; therefore, we are required to comply with both federal privacy and security regulations and varying state privacy and security laws and regulations. 
 
 The HIPAA privacy and security regulations also require healthcare providers like us to notify affected individuals, the HHS Secretary, and in some cases, the media, when PHI has been breached , as defined by HIPAA. Many states have similar breach notification laws. We have established policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with the HIPAA privacy and security regulations and similar state laws. However, if there is a breach, we may be required to incur costs to mitigate and remediate the impact of the breach on affected individuals, and therefore could incur substantial operational and financial costs related to such mitigation and remediation. Additionally, HIPAA, and its implementing regulations provide for significant civil fines, criminal penalties, and other sanctions for failure to comply with the privacy, security, and breach notification rules, including for wrongful or impermissible use or disclosure of PHI. Although HIPAA regulations do not expressly provide for a private right of action for damages, we could incur damages under state laws to private parties for the wrongful or impermissible use or disclosure of confidential health information or other private personal information. Additionally, HIPAA allows state Attorneys General to bring an action against a covered entity, such as us, for a violation of HIPAA. We insure some of our risk with respect to HIPAA security breaches, but operational costs and penalties associated with HIPAA breaches easily could exceed our insured limits. 
 
 Page 20 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

HIPAA regulations impose additional requirements, restrictions and penalties on covered entities and their business associates to, among other things, deter breaches of security. Our electronic health records system is periodically modified to meet applicable security standards. Despite the implementation of various security measures by us, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and other disruptive problems inadvertently introduced by authorized users such as employees and clients, or purposefully targeted by hackers and other cybercriminals which could lead to interruption, delays or cessation in service to our clients. Further, such incidents, whether electronic or physical, could jeopardize the security of confidential information, including PHI and other sensitive information stored in our computer systems related to clients, patients, and other parties connected through us, which may deter potential clients and give rise to uncertain liability to parties whose security or privacy has been infringed. A significant security breach could result in fines, loss of clients, damage to our reputation, direct damages, costs of repair and detection, costs to remedy the breach, government penalties, and other expenses. We insure some of our risk with respect to security breaches but the occurrence of any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and our financial condition. 
 
 Our products may be subject to future rounds of Medicare's Competitive Bidding Program, which may negatively affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 required the HHS to establish and implement programs under which competitive acquisition areas are established throughout the United States for purposes of awarding contracts for the furnishing of competitively priced items of DME. 
 
 CMS, the agency responsible for administering the Medicare program, conducts a competition for each competitive acquisition area under which providers submit bids to supply certain covered items of DME. Under the competitive bidding program, DME suppliers compete to become Medicare contract suppliers by submitting bids to furnish certain items in competitive bidding areas. As part of the competitive bidding process, SPAs replace the current Medicare DME fee schedule payment amounts for selected items in certain areas of the country. The SPAs are determined by using bids submitted by DME suppliers. 
 
 Successful bidders must meet certain program quality standards in order to be awarded a contract and only successful bidders can supply the covered items to Medicare beneficiaries in the acquisition area. There are, however, regulations in place that allow non-contracted providers to continue to provide products and services to their existing customers at the new competitive bidding payment amounts. The contracts are expected to be re-bid every three years. CMS is required to award contracts to multiple entities submitting bids in each area for an item or service, but has the authority to limit the number of contractors in a competitive acquisition area as necessary to meet projected demand. 
 
 In 2019, CMS announced the inclusion of non-invasive ventilator products on the list of products subject to the competitive bidding program in Round 2021 which covers the period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023. Rental revenue from ventilator products represents a significant portion of our revenue (approximately 67.9 of total traditional revenue, excluding COVID-19 response sales and services, in 2022). On March 9, 2020, CMS announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the United States President s exercise of the Defense Production Act, public concern regarding access to ventilators, and the non-invasive ventilators product category being new to the competitive bidding program, non-invasive ventilators were removed as a product category from Round 2021. On October 27, 2020, CMS announced that it had removed 13 of the 15 remaining product categories from Round 2021, including oxygen and PAP devices, because the payment amounts did not achieve expected savings. As a result of these announcements, we retain the ability to continue to furnish non-invasive ventilators and oxygen and PAP devices for all of our Medicare accredited areas. The current Round 2021 contracts expire on December 31, 2023 and CMS has not announced a new round of competitive bidding. Historically, CMS announces new rounds of competitive bidding and starts the process approximately 18 months prior to the contract start date. We cannot predict at this time the full impact the competitive bidding program and the developments in the competitive bidding program will have on our business and financial condition. In addition, we cannot assure you that non-invasive ventilators and oxygen and PAP devices will not be included on the list of products subject to the competitive bidding program in the future. If changes are made to the competitive program in the future, it could affect our reimbursement and revenue. 
 
 If CMS requires prior authorization for our products, our revenue and cash flow could be negatively impacted. 
 
 CMS maintains a Master List of Items Frequently Subject to Unnecessary Utilization. This list identifies items that could potentially be subject to prior authorization as a condition of Medicare Payment. On April 22, 2019, CMS added home ventilators used with a non-invasive interface to the Master List of Items Frequently Subject to Unnecessary Utilization. If CMS imposes prior authorization requirements for non-invasive home ventilation, it could materially impact our business, revenue and cash flow. 

Page 21 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

If we fail to comply with state and federal fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback laws, false claims acts, self-referral prohibitions, and anti-inducement laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or any other federal healthcare program. The Anti-Kickback Statute, and similar state laws prohibit payments intended to induce physicians or others to refer patients or to acquire or arrange for or recommend the acquisition of healthcare products or services. These laws restrict sales, marketing and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements, including sales programs, which may be used with hospitals, physicians, and other potential purchasers or prescribers of our products. The statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution are drawn narrowly, and any remuneration to or from a prescriber or purchaser of healthcare products or services may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for safe harbor protection from anti-kickback liability. However, practices that do not fit into a safe harbor are not per se illegal, and are instead analyzed based on the particular facts and circumstances to determine whether the practice presents a low risk of fraud and abuse. Although we believe our practices are compliant with applicable safe harbors, we cannot assure you that a government regulator will not take the position that some of our practices do not meet all of the narrow criteria of an applicable safe harbor and otherwise violate the Anti-Kickback Statute. 
 
 The Federal False Claims Act prohibits, in part, any person from knowingly presenting or causing to be presented a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making or causing to be made a false statement to get a false claim paid. The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute and Federal False Claims Act, which apply to items or services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in certain states, apply regardless of payor. These false claims acts allow any person to bring suit in the name of the government alleging false and fraudulent claims presented to or paid by the government (or for other violations of the statutes) and to share a certain portion of amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. Such suits, often referred to as qui tam actions, have increased significantly in the healthcare industry in recent years. 
 
 Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include civil monetary penalties, exclusion from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, criminal fines and imprisonment. In addition, the ACA, among other things, amended the intent requirement of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute and criminal healthcare fraud statutes. A person or entity generally does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them in order to have criminal and/or civil exposure. In addition, the ACA provides that the government may assert that a claim, including items or services resulting from a violation of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the Federal False Claims Act. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the safe harbors and exceptions, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Such a challenge, regardless of the outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, business relationships, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Ethics in Patient Referrals Act, commonly known as the "Stark Law," prohibits a physician from making referrals for certain "designated health services" payable by Medicare to an entity, including a company that furnishes DME, in which the physician or an immediate family member of such physician has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician has entered into a compensation arrangement, unless a statutory or regulatory exception applies. The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the Stark Law, which apply to items or services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of payor. Violation of the Stark Law and similar state laws could result in denial of payment, disgorgement of reimbursements received under a noncompliant arrangement, civil penalties, damages and exclusion from Medicare or other governmental and state programs. Although we believe that we have structured our provider arrangements to comply with current Stark Law and state equivalent requirements, these requirements are highly technical and there can be no guarantee that regulatory authorities will not determine or assert that our arrangements are in violation of the Stark Law and state equivalents and do not otherwise meet applicable exceptions. 
 
 The Civil Monetary Penalties Law imposes civil monetary penalties and potential exclusion from Medicare and Medicaid programs on any person who offers or transfers remuneration to any patient who is a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary, when the person knows or should know that the remuneration is likely to induce the patient to receive medical services from a particular provider. The Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law applies, among other things, to many kinds of inducements or benefits provided to patients, including complimentary items, services or transportation that are of more than nominal value. We have structured our operations and provision of services to patients in a manner that we believe complies with the law and its interpretation by government authorities. We cannot assure you, however, that government authorities will not take a contrary view and impose civil monetary penalties and exclude us from participation in Medicare and Medicaid for past or present practices related to patient incentive, coordination of care and need-based programs. 
 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of 
 Page 22 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment, restructuring, or restricting of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring or our operations could harm our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state fraud laws may prove costly. 
 
 The implementation of alternative payment models and the transition of Medicaid and Medicare beneficiaries to managed care organizations may limit our market share and could adversely affect our revenues. 
 
 Many government and commercial payors are transitioning providers to alternative payment models that are designed to promote cost-efficiency, quality and coordination of care. For example, accountable care organizations ACOs incentivize hospitals, physician groups, and other providers to organize and coordinate patient care while reducing unnecessary costs. Several states have implemented, or plan to implement, accountable care models for their Medicaid populations. We cannot predict how the continued establishment and implementation of these new business models will impact our business. There is the possibility that value-based payment models, such as ACOs, will drive down the utilization and/or reimbursement rates for our services. We may not be able to gain access into certain ACOs. If we are not included in these programs, or if ACOs establish programs that overlap with our services, we could experience an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may be similarly impacted by increased enrollment of Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries in managed care plans, shifting away from traditional fee-for-service models. Under the managed Medicare program, also known as Medicare Advantage, the federal government contracts with private health insurers to provide Medicare benefits. Insurers may choose to offer supplemental benefits and impose higher plan costs on beneficiaries. Approximately one third of Medicare beneficiaries were enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan in 2022; a figure that continues to grow. Similarly, enrollment in managed Medicaid plans is also growing, as states are increasingly relying on managed care organizations to deliver Medicaid program services as a strategy to control costs and manage resources. 
 
 We may experience increased competition for managed care contracts due to state regulation and limitations. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in our efforts to be included in plan networks, that we will be able to secure favorable contracts with all or some of the managed care organizations, that our reimbursement under these programs will remain at current levels, that authorizations for services will remain at current levels or that our profitability will remain at levels consistent with past performance. In addition, operational processes may not be well defined as a state transitions Medicaid beneficiaries to managed care. For example, membership, new referrals and related authorizations for services may be delayed, which may result in delays in service delivery to consumers or in payment for services rendered. Difficulties with operational processes may negatively affect our revenue growth rates, cash flow and profitability for services provided. 
 
 In addition, other alternative payment models may be adopted by the government and commercial payors to control costs that subject us to financial risk. We cannot predict at this time what alternative payment models may be presented and what effect such new payment models may have on our operations or financial condition in the future. 
 
 We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern our employment practices, including minimum wage, living wage, and paid time-off requirements. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or changes to these laws and regulations that increase our employment-related expenses, could adversely impact our operations. 
 
 We are required to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to employment, including occupational safety and health requirements, wage and hour and other compensation requirements, employee benefits, providing leave and sick pay, employment insurance, proper classification of workers as employees or independent contractors, immigration and equal employment opportunity laws. These laws and regulations can vary significantly among jurisdictions and can be highly technical. Costs and expenses related to these requirements are a significant operating expense and may increase as a result of, among other things, changes in federal, state or local laws or regulations, or the interpretation thereof, requiring employers to provide specified benefits or rights to employees, increases in the minimum wage and local living wage ordinances, increases in the level of existing benefits or the lengthening of periods for which unemployment benefits are available. We may not be able to offset any increased costs and expenses. Furthermore, any failure to comply with these laws requirements, including even a seemingly minor infraction, can result in significant penalties which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In addition, certain individuals and entities, known as excluded persons, are prohibited from receiving payment for their services rendered to Medicaid, Medicare and other federal and state healthcare program beneficiaries. If we inadvertently hire or contract with an excluded person, or if any of our current employees or contractors becomes an excluded person in the future without our knowledge, we may be subject to substantial civil penalties, including up to 20,000 for each item or service furnished by the excluded individual to a federal or state healthcare program beneficiary, an assessment of up to three times the amount claimed and exclusion from the program. 
 Page 23 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Each of our subsidiaries that employ an average of at least 50 full-time employees in a calendar year are required to offer a minimum level of health coverage for 95 of our full-time employees in 2022 or be subject to an annual penalty. 
 
 Risks Related to our Common Shares 
 
 We are an "emerging growth company" and a "smaller reporting company" and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to "emerging growth companies" and "smaller reporting companies" may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 As an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. We are an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 
 
 the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; 
 the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; 
 the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; or 
 the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated filer as defined under the federal securities laws. 
 
 For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 
 
 have an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 
 include detailed compensation discussion and analysis in our filings under the Exchange Act and instead may provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; or 
 hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation or stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have elected to take advantage of the extended transition period, which allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to public companies that comply with new or revised accounting standards. 
 
 We are also a smaller reporting company, and we will remain a smaller reporting company until the fiscal year following the determination that our voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates is 250 million or more measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenues are 100 million or more during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates is 700 million or more measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. Similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosure and have certain other reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, being required to provide only two years of audited financial statements and not being required to provide supplemental financial information or risk factors. 
 
 The exact implications of the JOBS Act are still subject to interpretations and guidance by the SEC and other regulatory agencies, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to take advantage of all of the benefits of the JOBS Act. In addition, investors may find our common stock less attractive to the extent we rely on the exemptions available to emerging growth companies and/or smaller reporting companies for so long as we qualify as such. If some investors find our common shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common shares and our share price may decline or become more volatile. 
 
 If we fail to establish and maintain proper disclosure or internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements and supplemental information, or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 
 As we grow, we may be subject to growth-related risks including capacity constraints and pressure on our internal systems and controls. Our ability to manage growth effectively will require us to continue to implement and improve our operational and financial systems and to expend, train and manage our employee base. 
 
 We must maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. We must also maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or, at the appropriate time, our independent auditors will be unwilling or unable to provide us with an unqualified report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we fail to maintain effective controls, investors may lose confidence in our operating results, the price of our common shares could decline and we may be subject to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. 
 Page 24 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The market price for our common shares may experience substantial volatility for reasons unrelated to our financial performance. This volatility may impact the price at which shareholders can sell their common shares. 
 
 Our common shares are listed and posted for trading in the United States on the Nasdaq Capital Market and Canada on the TSX. Securities of small-cap and healthcare companies have experienced substantial volatility in the past, often based on factors unrelated to the financial performance or prospects of the companies involved. These factors include macroeconomic developments in North America and globally, and market perceptions of the attractiveness of particular industries. The price of our common shares is also likely to be significantly affected by short-term changes in the cost of goods, or in financial condition or results of our operations. Other factors unrelated to our performance that may have an effect on the price of our common shares include the following: the extent of analytical coverage available to investors concerning our business may be limited if investment banks with research capabilities do not follow our securities; lessening in trading volume and general market interest in our securities may affect an investor s ability to trade significant numbers of our common shares; the size of our public float may limit the ability of some institutions to invest in our securities; and a substantial decline in the price of our common shares that persists for a significant period of time could cause our securities, if listed on an exchange, to be delisted from such exchange, further reducing market liquidity. 
 
 As a result of any of these factors, the market price of our common shares at any given point in time may not accurately reflect our long-term value. Securities class-action litigation often has been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. We may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and damages and divert management s attention and resources. 
 
 The failure of our common shares to be included in various stock indices could result in the market for our common shares to become limited and volatile and the price at which you can sell your shares to decrease. 
 
 Your ability to sell or purchase our common shares depends upon the existence of an active trading market for our common shares. Additionally, a fair valuation of the purchase or sales price of our common shares also depends upon an active trading market, and thus the price you receive for a thinly-traded stock may not reflect its true value. A limited trading market for common shares may cause fluctuations in the market value of those common shares to be exaggerated, leading to price volatility in excess of that which would occur in a more active trading market. 
 
 Although our common shares are quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the volume of trades on any given day has historically been limited. As a result, shareholders might not have been able to sell or purchase our common shares at the volume, price or time desired. If our common shares are removed from various stock indices, the volume of trading in our shares may decrease materially as well as the prices at which our shares trade. 
 
 Future sales of our common shares in the public market could reduce our share price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible securities may dilute the ownership of existing shareholders. 
 
 We will require additional funds in order to finance the further development of our business, which funds could be raised by, among other things, the issuance and sale of common shares. Sales of substantial amounts of our common shares (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common shares. The perception in the public market that major shareholders might sell substantial amounts of our common shares could also depress the market price of our common shares. 
 
 In the future, we may attempt to obtain financing or further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our common shares or by offering debt or other equity securities, including senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity or shares of preferred stock. Issuing additional common shares or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing shareholders or reduce the market price of our common shares or both. Upon liquidation, holders of such debt securities and preferred shares, if issued, and lenders with respect to other borrowings would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common shares. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common shares. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will, in part, depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our common shares bear the risk that future offerings may reduce the market price of our common shares and dilute their shareholdings. We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common shares or securities convertible into common shares or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common shares will have on the market price of our common shares. 

Page 25 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a U.S. public reporting company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 
 As a U.S. public reporting company, we will incur, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and NASDAQ have imposed various requirements on U.S. public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. We may have to hire additional accounting, finance, and other personnel in connection with our efforts to comply with the requirements of being a U.S. public reporting company, and our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time towards maintaining compliance with these requirements. These requirements increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
 
 Because we have no near term plans to pay cash dividends on our common shares, investors must look solely to share appreciation for a return on their investment in us. 
 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business and does not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our common shares in the near term. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors (the Board and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors that the Board considers relevant. Accordingly, investors will only see a return on their investment if the value of our common shares appreciates. 
 
 Canadian laws differ from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to holders of our securities. 
 
 We are a Canadian corporation and are subject to the Business Corporations Act and certain other applicable securities laws as a Canadian issuer, which laws may differ from those governing a company formed under the laws of a United States jurisdiction. The provisions under Business Corporations Act and other relevant laws may affect the rights of shareholders differently than those of a company governed by the laws of a United States jurisdiction, and may, together with our notice of articles and articles (the Articles ), have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of our company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or may affect the price an acquiring party would be willing to offer in such an instance. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We own our headquarters, consisting of approximately 77,000 square feet, which is located on an approximately 8.2-acre parcel in Lafayette, Louisiana. During 2021, we acquired a 16,000 square foot office building and a 16,000 square foot climate controlled warehouse which we previously leased from a company owned by the Company s CEO, Casey Hoyt, and President, Michael Moore. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, additional space can be leased on commercially reasonable terms to accommodate any future growth. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may be subject to various ongoing or threatened legal actions and proceedings, including those that arise in the ordinary course of business, which may include employment matters and breach of contract disputes. Please read Note 8 to the Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties and to outcomes that are not predictable with assurance and that may not be known for extended periods of time. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such routine ongoing litigation is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 Page 26 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 The common shares of Viemed trade in the United States on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "VMD" and in Canada on the TSX under the trading symbol VMD.TO . 
 
 Shareholders 
 
 We had nine shareholders of record as of February 15, 2023. This does not include shares held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominees (typically referred to as being held in street name ). 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have not declared or paid any cash or stock dividends on our common shares since our inception and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash or stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Our subsidiaries are restricted from making distributions or dividend payments to us by our existing commercial credit facilities, subject to certain exceptions. See Note 7 to the Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to repurchases of our common shares during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Period Total number of shares (or units) purchased 
 Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (1) 
 Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs Oct 1 - Oct 31, 2022 120,543 5.89 120,543 189,851 Nov 1 - Nov 30, 2022 189,851 Dec 1 - Dec 31, 2022 189,851 Total 120,543 5.89 120,543 189,851 
 
 (1) On March 7, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized and approved a share repurchase program (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program") on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Under the terms of the 2022 Share Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase up to 1,984,014 of its common shares from time to time through open market purchases, block purchases or otherwise in accordance with applicable securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Page 27 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. The forward-looking statements include statements that reflect management s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations and intentions with respect to our future development plans, capital resources and requirements, results of operations, and future business performance. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements included in this discussion as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in the section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements immediately preceding Part I of this report. 

General Matters 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the "Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Viemed Healthcare, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 We were incorporated on December 14, 2016 pursuant to the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). As of June 30, 2020, we determined that we no longer qualify as a "foreign private issuer," as defined in Rule 3b-4 of the Exchange Act, for the purposes of the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. As a result, effective January 1, 2021, we became subject to the proxy solicitation rules under Section 14 of the Exchange Act and Regulation FD, and our officers, directors, and principal shareholders became subject to the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. We will continue to file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K with the SEC and with the relevant Canadian securities regulatory authorities on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR) 
 
 We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in the JOBS Act, and as such, we have elected to comply with certain reduced U.S. public company reporting requirements. 
 
 Based on the annual assessment performed on June 30, 2022, the Company met the re-entry thresholds to qualify as a "smaller reporting company" under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and, as such, has elected to comply with certain reduced U.S. public company reporting requirements. 

Overview 
 
 We provide an array of home medical equipment, services and supplies, specializing in post-acute respiratory care services in the United States. Our primary objective is to focus on the organic growth of the business and thereby solidify our position as one of the United States largest providers of in-home therapy for patients suffering from respiratory diseases. Our respiratory care programs are designed specifically for payors to have the ability to treat patients in the home for less total cost and with a superior quality of care. Our services include respiratory disease management (through the rental of various DME devices), neuromuscular care, in-home sleep testing and sleep apnea treatment, oxygen therapy, and the sale of associated supplies. 
 
 We derive the majority of our revenue through the rental of non-invasive and invasive ventilators which represented 67.9 and 77.3 of our traditional revenue, excluding COVID-19 response sales and services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We combine the benefits of home ventilation support with licensed RTs to drive improved patient outcomes and reduce costly hospital readmissions. 
 
 We expect to grow through expansion of existing service areas as well as in new territories through a cost efficient launch that reduces location expenses. We currently serve patients in all 50 states. We expect to continue to employ more RTs in order to assure our high service model is accomplished in the home. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 292 licensed RTs, representing more than 39 of our company-wide employee count. By focusing overhead costs on personnel that service the patient rather than physical location costs, we anticipate that we will efficiently scale our business in regions that are currently not being effectively serviced. 
 
 The continued trend of servicing patients in the home rather than in hospitals is aligned with our business objective and we anticipate that this trend will continue to offer growth opportunities for us. We expect to continue to be a solution to the rising health costs in the United States by offering more cost effective, home based solutions while increasing the quality of life for patients fighting serious respiratory diseases. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenues of 138.8 million and had net income of 6.2 million, compared to revenues of 117.1 million and net income of 9.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding COVID-19 response sales and services, net revenue increased 28.1 million (or 25.9 from the comparable period in 2021. 
 
 Page 28 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Our primary sources of capital to date have been from operating cash flows. Our existing commercial credit facilities provide access to additional liquidity through a revolving credit facility of up to 30.0 million and a delayed draw term loan facility of up to 30.0 million. An accordion feature allows the Company to increase the size of such facilities by up to an additional 30.0 million, subject to certain conditions, for a total borrowing capacity of up to 90 million. 

Trends Affecting our Business 
 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic. Various policies and initiatives were implemented to reduce the transmission of COVID-19, including travel bans and restrictions, the postponement of non-essential medical surgeries, limiting access to medical facilities, and adoption of social distancing and remote working policies. Employee and patient safety is our first priority, and as a result, we put preparedness plans in place for our employees, especially our clinical personnel, and modified our clinical protocols to limit unnecessary patient encounters. 
 
 At this time, COVID-19 related measures do not appear to be negatively impacting our patient attrition rate, but we cannot assure you that future governmental policies and initiatives will not significantly disrupt our operations or adversely affect our ability to provide services to our patients in the future. On January 30, 2023, the U.S. government announced that it plans to end the COVID-19 PHE on May 11, 2023. At the end of the COVID-19 PHE, many waivers and flexibilities available during the COVID-19 pandemic will become unavailable. While COVID-19 related measures have not had a material impact on our consolidated operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, we cannot predict at this time the impact that the end of the COVID-19 PHE will have on our business and financial condition. It is also possible that the U.S. government will ultimately decide not to end the COVID-19 PHE on May 11, 2023, creating additional uncertainties about our future business and financial condition. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that demand for our products and services will continue or that we will be able to maintain operations necessary to satisfy such demand, including sufficient personnel, supply chains and distributions channels. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has led to significant disruptions and volatility in capital and financial markets. Broad economic factors resulting from the current COVID-19 pandemic, including high unemployment and underemployment levels and reduced consumer spending and confidence, could also affect our service mix, revenue mix, payor mix and patient base, as well as our ability to collect outstanding receivables. Business closures and layoffs in the geographic areas in which we operate may lead to increases in the uninsured and under-insured populations and adversely affect demand for our services, as well as the ability of patients and other payors to pay for services rendered. Any increase in the amount or deterioration in the collectability of patient accounts receivable will adversely affect our financial results and require an increased level of working capital. In addition, we may experience supply chain disruptions, including delays and price increases in equipment and supplies. Staffing, equipment and supplies shortages may also impact our ability to assess potential patients in hospitals and set up and treat patients in the home. 
 
 We believe we presently have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash needs, however, we continue to evaluate and take action, as necessary, to preserve adequate liquidity and ensure that our business can continue to operate during these uncertain times. The CARES Act, which was signed into law on March 27, 2020, provides a substantial stimulus and assistance package intended to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including tax relief and government loans, grants and investments. The legislation provides for relief funds to hospitals and other healthcare providers on the front lines of the coronavirus response to support healthcare-related expenses or lost revenue attributable to COVID-19 and to ensure uninsured Americans can get testing and treatment for COVID-19. As a result, we received a general distribution payment from the Provider Relief Fund of 3.5 million in April 2020, a targeted distribution payment of 1.5 million in November 2021, and a general distribution payment of 0.4 million in January 2022. Payments from the Provider Relief Fund are intended to compensate healthcare providers for lost revenues and incremental expenses incurred in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The HHS has stated that Provider Relief Fund payments are not loans and will not need to be repaid. However, as a condition to the receipt of funds, the Company and any other providers must agree to a detailed set of terms and conditions. CMS has indicated that the terms and conditions may be subject to ongoing changes and reporting. To the extent that reporting requirements and terms and conditions are modified, it may affect our ability to comply and may require the return of funds. In accordance with the terms of acceptance for the grant, we believe we have utilized these funds to prevent, prepare for, and respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The CARES Act also provides for a temporary suspension of the 2 payment sequestration adjustment currently applied to all Medicare fee-for-service claims. In December 2021, President Biden signed into law legislation that extended the suspension on the 2 percent payment sequestration through March 31, 2022. The payment sequestration adjustment was fixed at 1 percent from April 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 and it returned to 2 percent on July 1, 2022. 
 
 We are continuing to monitor any effects or requirements that may result from the CARES Act as many of the provisions in the CARES Act are temporary and may require us to modify our operations and compliance procedures. CMS and other federal agencies have and are likely to issue rules and regulations to implement the CARES Act. The impact of these rules and regulations are unknown and may affect us. To the extent these provisions will expire as stated in the CARES Act, we will be required to unwind any changes. 
 
 Page 29 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

While the impact of COVID-19 on our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 has resulted in supplemental revenues related to COVID-19 response sales and services during the period, revenues related to COVID-19 response sales and services decreased in 2022 when compared to 2021 and the overall impact that COVID-19 will continue to have on our consolidated results of operations in future periods remains uncertain and difficult to predict and will depend on, among other factors, the duration and severity of the pandemic, as well as any negative economic conditions arising from the pandemic, our ability to assess potential patients in hospitals and set up and treat patients in the home and the impacts of government actions and administrative regulations on the healthcare industry and broader economy, including through existing and any future stimulus efforts. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of these potential impacts to our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. If COVID-19 intensifies or if the response to contain the COVID-19 pandemic is unsuccessful, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For additional information, see Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 In 2019, CMS announced the inclusion of non-invasive ventilator products on the list of products subject to the competitive bidding program in Round 2021 which covers the period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023. On March 9, 2020, CMS announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the United States President s exercise of the Defense Production Act, public concern regarding access to ventilators, and the non-invasive ventilators product category being new to the competitive bidding program, non-invasive ventilators were removed as a product category from Round 2021. On October 27, 2020, CMS announced that it had removed 13 of the 15 remaining product categories from Round 2021, including oxygen and PAP devices, because the payment amounts did not achieve expected savings. As a result of these announcements, we retain the ability to continue to furnish non-invasive ventilators and oxygen and PAP devices for all of our Medicare accredited areas, however, we are uncertain if non-invasive ventilators, oxygen, and PAP devices will be included in future competitive bidding programs. The current Round 2021 contracts expire on December 31, 2023 and CMS has not announced a new round of competitive bidding. Historically, CMS announces new rounds of competitive bidding and starts the process approximately 18 months prior to the contract start date. 
 
 The below table highlights summary financial and operational metrics for the trailing eight quarters. 
 (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except vent patients) For the quarter ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Financial Information: Revenue 37,508 35,759 33,310 32,255 31,962 29,285 27,399 28,416 Gross Profit 22,896 21,651 20,390 19,743 19,662 18,381 17,625 17,742 Gross Profit 61 61 61 61 62 63 64 62 Net Income 2,438 1,055 967 1,762 4,087 1,789 1,566 1,684 Cash and Cash Equivalents (As of) 16,914 21,478 21,922 29,248 28,408 26,867 31,151 31,097 Total Assets (As of) 117,043 119,419 115,904 119,007 117,962 115,486 111,014 113,001 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 9,306 6,982 6,458 7,273 9,549 7,419 6,847 5,468 Operational Information: Vent Patients (2) 
 9,306 9,127 8,837 8,434 8,405 8,200 8,103 7,733 
 (1) Refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section below for definition of Adjusted EBITDA. 
 (2) Vent Patients represents the number of active ventilator patients on recurring billing service at the end of each calendar quarter. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 We are required to disclose critical accounting estimates which are estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the registrant. 
 
 We follow financial accounting and reporting policies that are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The more significant of these policies are summarized in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. Not all significant accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments. However, the policy noted below could be deemed to meet the SEC s definition of a critical accounting estimate. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 The Company estimates that a certain portion of receivables from customers may not be collected and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company evaluates the net realizable value of accounts receivable as of the date of Consolidated Balance Sheets. Specifically, we consider historical realization data, including current and historical cash collections, accounts receivable aging trends, other operating trends and relevant business conditions. Because of continuing changes in the healthcare industry and third-party reimbursement, it is possible that the estimates could change, which could have a material impact on the operations 
 Page 30 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and cash flows. If circumstances related to certain customers change or actual results differ from expectations, our estimate of the recoverability of receivables could fluctuate from that provided for in our consolidated financial statements. A change in estimate could impact bad debt expense and accounts receivable. The continued volatility in market conditions and evolving shifts in credit trends are difficult to predict causing variability and volatility that may have a material impact on our allowance for doubtful accounts in future periods. Our allowance for doubtful accounts was 8.5 million and 7.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 of Total Revenue 2021 of Total Revenue Change Change Revenue 138,832 100.0 117,062 100.0 21,770 18.6 Cost of revenue 54,152 39.0 43,652 37.3 10,500 24.1 Gross profit 84,680 61.0 73,410 62.7 11,270 15.4 Selling, general and administrative 68,161 49.1 54,893 46.9 13,268 24.2 Research and development 2,696 1.9 2,110 1.8 586 27.8 Stock-based compensation 5,202 3.7 5,150 4.4 52 1.0 Depreciation 1,012 0.7 851 0.7 161 18.9 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 346 0.2 448 0.4 (102) NM Other expense (income) (989) (0.7) (1,622) (1.4) 633 (39.0) Income from operations 8,252 5.9 11,580 9.9 (3,328) (28.7) Non-operating income and expenses Income from equity method investments 935 0.7 1,241 1.1 (306) (24.7) Interest expense, net (197) (0.1) (318) (0.3) 121 (38.1) Net income before taxes 8,990 6.5 12,503 10.7 (3,513) (28.1) Provision for income taxes 2,768 2.0 3,377 2.9 (609) NM Net income 6,222 4.5 9,126 7.8 (2,904) (31.8) 

Page 31 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 
 
 The following table summarizes our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 of Total Revenue 2021 of Total Revenue Change Change Net revenue from rentals Ventilator rentals, non-invasive and invasive 92,710 66.8 83,849 71.6 8,861 10.6 Other home medical equipment rentals 21,446 15.4 13,843 11.8 7,603 54.9 Net revenue from sales and services Equipment and supply sales 13,927 10.0 8,765 7.5 5,162 58.9 COVID-19 response sales and services 2,278 1.6 8,558 7.3 (6,280) (73.4) Service revenues 8,471 6.1 2,047 1.7 6,424 313.8 Total net revenue 138,832 100.0 117,062 100.0 21,770 18.6 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue totaled 138.8 million, an increase of 21.8 million (or 18.6 from the comparable period in 2021. 
 
 Excluding COVID-19 response sales and services, net revenue increased 28.1 million (or 25.9 from the comparable period in 2021. Ventilator rental revenue increased 8.9 million (or 10.6 due to our organic growth in active ventilator patient base sustained throughout the year. In addition to the ventilator rental revenue growth, rental revenue from other HME grew 7.6 million (or 54.9 which primarily consisted of product revenue from continued national expansion of PAP, oxygen therapy, and percussion vest activities. Equipment and supply sales have increased by 5.2 million (or 58.9 year over year and are primarily driven by growth associated with PAP resupply and other sleep offerings. The increase in service revenue is primarily due to the addition of our healthcare staffing offerings. While ventilator rentals continue to make up the majority of our revenue, the growth of PAP and oxygen related sales and services, as well as our healthcare staffing offerings, is contributing significantly to the diversity of our overall revenue mix. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net revenue for COVID-19 response sales and services totaled 2.3 million, compared to 8.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Current period COVID-19 response sales and services consist primarily of contact and vaccination tracing services. The magnitude and persistence of future COVID-19 response sales and services revenue remains uncertain and is dependent on the intensity and length of the COVID-19 pandemic and the demand for ongoing services from primarily governmental customers. 
 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenue totaled 54.2 million, an increase of 10.5 million (or 24.1 from the comparable period in 2021. Gross profit percentage decreased from approximately 62.7 to approximately 61.0 from the year ended December 31, 2021 to year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. The decrease in gross profit percentage is due to migration of the revenue mix associated with product and service diversification. As inflationary cost pressures subside and inflation adjusted reimbursements increase in upcoming periods, gross profit percentage for our normal operations is expected to increase, offset by some decreases associated with product and service diversification. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, selling, general and administrative expenses totaled 68.2 million, an increase of 13.3 million (or 24.2 from the comparable period in 2021. Excluding COVID-19 related revenues, selling, general and administrative 
 expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 49.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 50.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The increase in overall selling, general and administrative expense as compared to the prior period is primarily attributable to additional employee related expenses related to the overall growth of the Company. Employee compensation expenses increased 10.4 million (or 38 as a result of the increases in our employee headcount, volume based sales commissions and market based individual compensation rates associated with inflation. Our full time employee count increased by 19 from 627 on December 31, 2021 to 743 on December 31, 2022. The remaining increase in selling, general, and administrative expense over the prior year period is largely due to an increase in auto and travel related expenses associated with increases in travel and in-person activities combined with increasing costs for fuel. We expect that selling, general and administrative expenses will decline as a percentage of 
 Page 32 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

revenue in 2023 as costs stabilize relative to revenue growth. 

Research and Development Costs 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development costs totaled 2.7 million, an increase of 0.6 million (or 27.8 from the comparable period in 2021. As we continue to invest in research and development related projects to support our technology initiatives, we expect that the associated costs will remain consistent in 2023 relative to 2022 costs. 
 
 Other Expense (Income) 
 
 The decrease of 0.6 million in other income was driven by reductions in current year state and federal government grants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received and recognized a targeted distribution payment of 1.5 million from the Provider Relief Fund. The Company received a general distribution payment of 0.4 million in 2022. Payments from the Provider Relief Fund are intended to compensate healthcare providers for lost revenues and incremental expenses incurred in response to the COVID-19 pandemic as described in detail above. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, stock-based compensation totaled 5.2 million, an increase of 0.1 million (or 1.0 from the comparable period in 2021. This increase is attributed to the expense of additional stock-based awards during 2022. We expect that as we continue to increase our employee count and utilize stock-based awards as an aspect of employee compensation, stock-based compensation expense will increase accordingly. Revenue growth has historically exceeded the growth in stock based compensation and stock-based compensation as a percentage of revenue is expected to continue to decline. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net interest expense totaled 0.2 million, a decrease of 0.1 million from the comparable period in 2021. 
 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the provision for income taxes was a 2.8 million expense, compared to a 3.4 million expense during the 2021 period. Excluding the effect of discrete items, our annual estimated effective tax rate for 2022 is 30.6 . 
 
 Net Income 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net income was 6.2 million, a decrease of 2.9 million (or 31.8 from the comparable period in 2021. Net income as a percentage of net revenue decreased from 7.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 4.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily driven by a decrease in higher margin COVID-19 response sales and an increase to selling, general, and administrative expenses associated with inflationary pressures, as described above. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA, which is a financial measure that is not prepared in accordance with GAAP to analyze its financial results and believes that it is useful to investors, as a supplement to GAAP measures. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA provides helpful information with respect to the Company's operating performance as viewed by management, including a view of the Company's business that is not dependent on the impact of the Company's capitalization structure and items that are not part of the Company's day-to-day operations. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA (i) to compare the Company's operating performance on a consistent basis, (ii) to calculate incentive compensation for the Company's employees, (iii) for planning purposes including the preparation of the Company's internal annual operating budget, and (iv) to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of the Company's operational strategies. Accordingly, management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information in understanding and evaluating the Company's operating performance in the same manner as management. 
 
 In calculating Adjusted EBITDA, certain items (mostly non-cash) are excluded from net income including interest, taxes, stock based compensation, and depreciation of property and equipment. Set forth below are descriptions of the financial items that have been excluded from net income to calculate Adjusted EBITDA and the material limitations associated with using this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to net income. 
 
 Depreciation may be useful for investors to consider because it generally represents the wear and tear on the property and equipment used in our operations. However, we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating costs. 
 
 Page 33 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The amount of interest expense we incur or interest income we generate may be useful for investors to consider and may result in current cash inflows or outflows. However, we do not consider the amount of interest expense or interest income to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business. 
 
 Stock-based compensation may be useful for investors to consider because it is an estimate of the non-cash component of compensation received by the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants. However, stock-based compensation is being excluded from our operating expenses because the decisions which gave rise to these expenses were not made to increase revenue in a particular period, but were made for the Company s long-term benefit over multiple periods. While strategic decisions, such as those to issue stock-based awards are made to further our long-term strategic objectives and do impact our earnings under GAAP, these items affect multiple periods and management is not able to change or affect these items within any period. 
 
 Income tax expense may be useful for investors to consider because it generally represents the taxes which may be payable for the period and the change in deferred income taxes and may reduce or increase the amount of funds otherwise available for use. However, we do not consider the amount of income tax expense to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business. 
 
 The following table is a reconciliation of Net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA, on a historical basis for the periods indicated: 
 For the quarter ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Net Income 2,438 1,055 967 1,762 4,087 1,789 1,566 1,684 Add back: Depreciation 4,373 4,120 3,740 3,397 3,120 2,867 2,716 2,609 Interest expense 32 42 59 64 69 75 83 91 Stock-based compensation 1,317 1,309 1,271 1,305 1,305 1,302 1,236 1,307 Income tax expense (benefit) 1,146 456 421 745 968 1,386 1,246 (223) Adjusted EBITDA 9,306 6,982 6,458 7,273 9,549 7,419 6,847 5,468 
 
 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. It is not a measurement of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to revenue or net income, as applicable, or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of the Company's liquidity, and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other businesses. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported under GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of ongoing operations; and other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 was 16.9 million, compared to 28.4 million at December 31, 2021. The primary non-recurring uses of excess cash during the period were associated with the 2022 Share Repurchase Program and the repayment of debt. Based on our current plan of operations, we believe this amount, when combined with expected cash flows from operations and amounts available under our existing commercial credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our growth strategy and to meet our anticipated operating expenses, capital expenditures, and debt service obligations for at least the next 12 months from the date of this filing. The Company utilizes short term leases with a major supplier that could be extended over a longer term if there was a need for additional liquidity. In addition, our existing commercial credit facilities were fully undrawn as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Page 34 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 27,748 22,494 Investing activities (23,976) (19,746) Financing activities (15,266) (5,321) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (11,494) (2,573) 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 27.7 million, resulting from net income of 6.2 million, increased by non-cash net income adjustments of 30.6 million, a change in net operating liabilities of 3.1 million, and 1.1 million of distributions from equity method investments, and decreased by a change in net operating assets of 13.2 million. The non-cash net income adjustments primarily consisted of 10.0 million of provision for uncollectible accounts, 15.6 million of depreciation, 5.2 million of stock-based compensation, and 0.9 million of income from equity investments. The primary changes in operating assets and liabilities were an increase in gross accounts receivable of 12.6 million, an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of 2.8 million, a net increase in income taxes payable of 1.9 million, and a decrease in accrued liabilities of 2.5 million. Included in our operating cash flows for the period is the receipt of 0.4 million in Provider Relief Funds. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 22.5 million, resulting from net income of 9.1 million, non-cash net income adjustments of 26.9 million and an increase in net operating liabilities of 5.8 million, which was partially offset by an increase in net operating assets of 7.8 million. The non-cash net income adjustments primarily consisted of 6.9 million in change of allowance for doubtful accounts, 11.3 million of depreciation, 3.9 million in change in deferred tax asset, 5.2 million of stock-based compensation, and 1.2 million of income from equity investments. The primary changes in operating assets were an increase in gross accounts receivable of 7.3 million, a net increase in income taxes receivable/(payable) of 2.2 million, and a decrease in accrued liabilities of 4.0 million. Included in operating cash flows for the period is the receipt of 1.5 million in Provider Relief Funds. 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24.0 million, consisting of 22.9 million of purchases of property and equipment, 2.0 million in debt investments, and 0.1 million in equity investments, partially offset by 1.1 million of sales proceeds from the disposal of property and equipment. Purchases of property and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily related to medical equipment rented to our patients. Cash purchases of property and equipment represents a 3.2 million, or 32.0 , increase year over year. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 19.7 million, consisting of 19.7 million of purchases of property and equipment and 0.6 million in equity investments, partially offset by 0.6 million of sales proceeds from the disposal of property and equipment. Included in the purchase of property and equipment are patient capital expenditures of 16.4 million related to medical equipment. 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15.3 million, consisting of 1,794,163 repurchased and canceled common shares at a cost of 9.6 million pursuant to the share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on March 7, 2022 (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program"), 1.3 million in principal payments on the term note under the prior Commercial Business Loan Agreement with Hancock Whitney Bank (the Term Note ), and 4.5 million in principal payments on the building term note under the prior Commercial Business Loan Agreement with Hancock Whitney Bank (the "Building Term Note"), and 0.1 million for shares repurchased and canceled for tax withholding in connection with RSUs vested in the period, partially offset by 0.3 million proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 5.3 million, consisting of 1.7 million in principal payments on the Term Note, 0.2 million in principal payments on the Building Term Note, and 2.2 million in repayments of finance lease liabilities, partially offset by 0.1 million proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 
 Page 35 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Senior Credit Facilities 
 
 On November 29, 2022, the Company refinanced its existing borrowings under the prior Commercial Business Loan Agreement with Hancock Whitney Bank and entered into a new credit agreement (the "2022 Senior Credit Facilities") with the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Regions Bank, as administrative agent and collateral agent that provides for an up to 30 million revolving credit facility (the "2022 Revolving Credit Facility") and an up to 30 million delayed draw term loan facility (the "2022 Term Loan Facility"), both maturing in November 2027. 
 
 The proceeds of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility may be used to refinance existing indebtedness, for working capital purposes, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes (including permitted acquisitions), and to pay transaction fees, costs and expenses related to the Senior Credit Facilities. The proceeds of the 2022 Term Loan Facility and any additional term loans established in accordance with the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities may be used to finance permitted acquisitions and to pay transaction fees, costs and expenses related to such acquisitions. At December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities. 
 
 The interest rates per annum applicable to the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities are Term SOFR (as defined in the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities) plus an applicable margin, which ranges from 2.625 to 3.375 , or, at the option of the Company, a Base Rate (as defined in the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities) plus an applicable margin, which ranges from 1.625 to 2.375 . 
 
 The 2022 Senior Credit Facilities require the Company to comply with certain affirmative, as well as certain negative covenants that, among other things, will restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Company to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, engage in acquisitions, mergers or consolidations and pay dividends and other restricted payments. The 2022 Senior Credit Facilities also include certain financial covenants, which generally include, but are not limited to the following: 

Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio defined generally as total indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA) of not greater than (i) for any fiscal quarter ending during the period from the closing date to and including December 31, 2024, 2.75 to 1.0 and (ii) for any fiscal quarter ending on and after March 31, 2025, 2.50 to 1.0, subject to certain adjustments following a material acquisition. 
 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio defined generally as (a) adjusted EBITDA minus capital expenditures minus cash taxes to (b) the sum of scheduled principal payments plus cash interest expense plus restricted payments) of not less than 1.25:1.0. 
 
 The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Sources of Funds 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 27.7 million compared to 22.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 16.9 million. 
 
 Use of Funds 
 
 Our principal uses of cash are funding our new rental assets and other capital purchases, operations, and other working capital requirements. The following table presents our material contractual obligations and commitments to make future payments as of December 31, 2022: 
 Within 12 Months Beyond 12 Months Debt Obligations, including interest Lease Obligations 520 209 Total 520 209 
 
 Except for the funding of potential acquisitions and investments, we anticipate that our operating cash flows will satisfy our material cash requirements for the 12 months after December 31, 2022. In addition to our operating cash flows, we may need to raise additional funds to support our contractual obligations and investing activities beyond such 12 month period, and such funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, our operations and ability to execute our business strategy could be adversely affected. We may seek to raise additional funds through equity, equity-linked or debt financings. If we raise additional funds through the incurrence of indebtedness, such indebtedness would have rights that are senior to holders of our equity securities and could contain covenants that restrict our operations. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to our stockholders. 
 Page 36 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Leases 
 
 Leases under which we assume substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases. Upon initial recognition, the leased asset is measured at an amount equal to the lesser of its fair value and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Subsequent to initial recognition, the asset is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to the asset. The associated lease liability is drawn down over the life of the lease by allocating a portion of each lease payment to the liability with the remainder being recognized as finance charges. Leases that do not transfer the risks and rewards of ownership to the Company are treated as operating leases and are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 
 The Company maintains a 401(k) retirement plan for employees to which eligible employees can contribute a percentage of their pre-tax compensation. Matching employer contributions to the 401(k) plan totaled 1.1 million and 0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company has no material undisclosed off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Account Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on our results of operations, financial positions and cash flows. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Page 37 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

Page F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March 2, 2023 
 Page F-2 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except outstanding shares) 

 Note At December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 2 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 2 Inventory, net of inventory reserve of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 2 Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets 2 Total current assets Long-term assets Property and equipment, net 3 Equity investments 2 Debt investment 2 Deferred tax asset 10 Other long-term assets 8 Total long-term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Current liabilities Trade payables Deferred revenue Accrued liabilities 4 Current portion of lease liabilities 5 Current portion of long-term debt 5 Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Accrued liabilities 7 Long-term lease liabilities 5 Long-term debt 5 Total long-term liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and Contingencies SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock - No par value: unlimited authorized; 38,049,739 and 39,640,388 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 7 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Retained earnings TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements Page F-3 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except share and per share amounts) 

 Year Ended December 31, Note 2022 2021 Revenue 2 Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Research and development Stock-based compensation 7 Depreciation Loss on disposal of property and equipment Other expense (income) 9 ) ) Income from operations Non-operating income and expenses Income from equity method investments Interest expense, net of interest income 5 ) ) Net income before taxes Provision for income taxes 10 Net income Other comprehensive income Change in unrealized gain/loss on derivative instruments, net of tax Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Net income per share Basic 11 Diluted 11 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic 11 Diluted 11 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements Page F-4 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (Expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except share and per share amounts) 

 Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Shareholders' equity Shares Amount Retained earnings Shareholders' equity, December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation - options Stock-based compensation - restricted stock Exercise of options Shares issued for vesting of restricted stock units ) Shares redeemed to pay income tax ) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax Net income Shareholders' equity, December 31, 2021 ) Stock-based compensation - options Stock-based compensation - restricted stock Exercise of options Shares issued for vesting of restricted stock units ) Shares redeemed to pay income tax ) ) ) Shares repurchased under the share repurchase program ) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax Net income Shareholders' equity, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements Page F-5 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 

 Year Ended December 31, Note 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments for: Depreciation Provision for uncollectible accounts 2 Change in inventory reserve ) Share-based compensation expense 7 Distributions of earnings received from equity method investments Income from equity method investments ) ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment Deferred income tax expense Net change in working capital Increase in accounts receivable ) ) Decrease (increase) in inventory ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in trade payables ) Increase in deferred revenue Increase (decrease) in accrued liabilities ) Change in income tax payable/receivable ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Investment in equity investments 2 ) ) Investment in debt security 2 ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 3 Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from exercise of options 7 Principal payments on notes payable 5 ) ) Principal payments on term note 5 ) ) Shares redeemed to pay income tax 7 ) ) Shares repurchased under the share repurchase program ) Repayments of lease liabilities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid during the period for interest Cash (received) paid during the period for income taxes, net of refunds ) Supplemental disclosures of non-cash transactions Net non-cash changes to finance leases Net non-cash changes to operating lease 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements Page F-6 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 states of the United States. The Company was incorporated under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) on December 14, 2016. The Company's registered and records office is located at Suite 2800, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 2Z7 and its corporate office is located at 625 E. Kaliste Saloom Road, Lafayette, Louisiana 70508. 
 
 Based on the annual assessment performed on June 30, 2022, the Company met the re-entry thresholds to qualify as a "smaller reporting company" under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and, as such, has elected to comply with certain reduced U.S. public company reporting requirements. 
 
 The Company is an "emerging growth company," as defined in the JOBS Act, and as such, has elected to comply with certain reduced U.S. public company reporting requirements. 
 
 The Company s common shares are traded in the U.S. on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "VMD" and in Canada on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol "VMD.TO". 

2. 

Page F-7 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Money market accounts Total cash and cash equivalents 

Provision for uncollectible accounts Amounts written off ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 Included in accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 are amounts due from Medicare and Medicaid representing and , respectively, and combined, of total outstanding receivables. As of December 31, 2021, of total outstanding receivables were amounts due from Medicare and Medicaid. 
 
 Medicaid revenues Total Medicare and Medicaid revenues 

of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that relates to COVID-19 response supplies. During the year ended 
 Page F-8 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

- Years 
 Computer Equipment Years Office Furniture Fixtures - Years 
 Leasehold Improvements Shorter of Useful Life or Lease Vehicles Years Buildings - Years 
 Land Indefinite Life 

Other equity investments Balance, end of period 
 
 equity interest in Solvet Services, LLC, an entity which provides health care support services to state and federal governments. Investments accounted for under the equity method are investments in unconsolidated entities over whose operating and financial policies the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence but not control. Equity method investments are initially measured at cost in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with a n y subsequent adjustments made to the carrying amount of the investment for the Company s proportionate share of income or loss. The Company has recognized its share of income or loss on the gain (loss) from equity method investments within non-operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Equity method investments are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investments may exceed the fair value. No events or changes have occurred as of December 31, 2022 that would impair the carrying value of equity method investments. 
 
 Other equity investments include an equity interest in VeruStat, Inc, a remote patient monitoring entity, and an equity interest in DMEscripts, LLC, an e-prescribing platform. Other equity investments are investments without a readily determinable fair value which do not qualify for the practical expedient in ASC 820. For these investments, the Company has elected the measurement alternative which measures the investment at cost, less any impairment. ASU 2019-04 clarifies that if an entity identifies observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer, it must measure its equity 
 Page F-9 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page F-10 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Other durable medical equipment rentals Revenue from sales and services under Topic 606 Equipment and supply sales 
 COVID-19 response sales and services 
 Service revenues 
 Total revenues 

Page F-11 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled its interest rate swap in connection with the refinancing of its credit facilities and recognized the realized gain of million in Other Income. 
 Page F-12 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

impairment charges recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Page F-13 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page F-14 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3. 
 
 Furniture and equipment Land Buildings Leasehold improvements Vehicles Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 and is included in cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2021, cost and accumulated depreciation on equipment acquired under finance lease obligations was and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, there were outstanding finance lease obligations. Medical equipment purchases with a cost of and were included in accounts payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

4. 
 
 Accrued commissions payable Accrued bonuses payable Accrued vacation and payroll Current portion of phantom share liability Accrued other liabilities Total accrued liabilities 

5. 
 
 million under the 2018 Senior Credit Facility. There were borrowings against this line of credit during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. On May 30, 2019, the Company entered into a term note Building Term Note under the 2018 Senior Credit Facility in the principal amount of million. The proceeds of the Building Term Note were used to purchase the Company's corporate headquarters. In connection with the Building Term Note, the Company entered into an interest rate swap transaction ("Interest Rate Swap Transaction") with Hancock Whitney Bank effectively fixing the interest rate for the Building Term Note at . On September 19, 2019, the Company entered into an additional loan agreement providing for a term note (the 2019 Term Note") under the 2018 Senior Credit Facility in the principal amount of million and bearing an annual interest rate of . The proceeds of the 2019 Term Note were utilized for general corporate purposes. The 2019 Term Note matured on September 19, 2022 at which time the entire unpaid balance of principal and interest was repaid in full. In connection with the entry in to the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities on November 29, 2022, the Company retired the 2018 Senior Credit Facility, and repaid all outstanding interest and principal in full. 
 
 Page F-15 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million revolving credit facility (the "2022 Revolving Credit Facility") and an up to million delayed draw term loan (the "2022 Term Loan Facility"), both maturing in November 2027. 
 
 The proceeds of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility may be used to refinance existing indebtedness, for working capital purposes, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes (including permitted acquisitions), and to pay transaction fees, costs and expenses related to the Senior Credit Facilities. The proceeds of the 2022 Term Loan Facility and any additional term loans established in accordance with the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities may be used to finance permitted acquisitions and to pay transaction fees, costs and expenses related to such acquisitions. At December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities. 
 
 The interest rates per annum applicable to the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities are Term SOFR (as defined in the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities) plus an applicable margin, which ranges from to , or, at the option of the Company, a Base Rate (as defined in the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities) plus an applicable margin, which ranges from to . 
 
 The 2022 Senior Credit Facilities require the Company to comply with certain affirmative, as well as certain negative covenants that, among other things, will restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Company to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, engage in acquisitions, mergers or consolidations and pay dividends and other restricted payments. The 2022 Senior Credit Facilities also include certain financial covenants, which generally include, but are not limited to the following : 

Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio defined generally as total indebtedness to adjusted EBITDA) of not greater than (i) for any fiscal quarter ending during the period from the Closing Date to and including December 31, 2024, to 1.0 and (ii) for any fiscal quarter ending on and after March 31, 2025, to 1.0, subject to certain adjustments following a material acquisition. 
 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio defined generally as (a) adjusted EBITDA minus capital expenditures minus cash taxes to (b) the sum of scheduled principal payments plus cash interest expense plus restricted payments) of not less than :1.0. 
 
 The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the 2022 Senior Credit Facilities in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The 2022 Senior Credit Facilities includes provisions permitting the Company from time to time to, subject to certain terms and conditions, increase the aggregate amount of commitments under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and/or establish one or more additional term loans under the 2022 Term Loan Facility, in each case, with additional commitments from existing lenders or new commitments from financial institutions acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided, that, (a) the aggregate principal amount of any increases in the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all additional term loans under the 2022 Term Loan Facility established after the closing date will not exceed million. 
 
 Less: Current portion of notes payable ) Net long-term notes payable 

Page F-16 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Less: Current portion of lease liabilities ) ) Net long-term lease liabilities 
 
 There are no finance lease liabilities associated with supplier finance program obligations at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operating Lease Liabilities 
 
 The Company has recognized operating lease liabilities that relate primarily to the lease of land and buildings. These leases contain renewal options that the Company has not included as part of its assessment of the lease term as it is not reasonably certain that the Company will exercise these options. These lease liabilities are recorded at present value based on a discount rate of , which was based on the Company's incremental borrowing rate at the time of assessment. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average lease term was approximately years. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Operating rental expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. The related assets for operating lease liabilities have been included with property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Included within these operating lease liabilities are real property leases for real estate from a related party during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 On August 1, 2015, the Company entered a triple net lease agreement for office and warehouse space with a company owned by the Company s CEO, Casey Hoyt, and President, Michael Moore. Rental payments under these related party lease agreements were per month, plus taxes, utilities and maintenance. Total rental payments for the use of these properties were during the year ended December 31, 2021. The expense for these related party rents has been included within selling, general and administrative expenses. On October 1, 2021, the Company acquired the properties for million following approval by the Board of Directors. The acquisition of these previously leased properties was funded by cash on hand and resulted in no incremental debt. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these properties are recorded in property and equipment, net of related depreciation. 

Page F-17 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

6. 
 
 Available for sale debt instrument Total 
 
 At December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Recurring Fair Value Measurements: Money market mutual funds Interest rate swap ) ) Total ) 
 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 
 The Company recognizes its interest rate swaps as either assets or liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The valuation of these derivative instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled its interest rate swap in connection with the refinancing of its credit facilities and recognized the realized gain in Other Income. 
 
 Page F-18 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

7. 
 
 and shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and canceled common shares at a cost of million pursuant to the share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on March 7, 2022 (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program"). The Company also acquired and cancelled common shares at a cost of million to satisfy employee income tax withholding associated with RSUs vesting during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s retained earnings were reduced by the amount paid for the shares repurchased and cancelled. 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 The purpose of the Company's RSU and Option Plans (collectively, the "Former Plan") is to provide incentive to employees, directors, officers, management companies, and consultants who provide services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Former Plan is a fixed stock plan, whereby the maximum number of the Company's shares reserved for issuance, combined with any equity securities granted under all other compensation arrangements adopted by the Company, may not exceed shares (equal to of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company as of the date of the adoption of the Former Plan). 
 
 Effective June 11, 2020 (the "Effective Date"), the Company s shareholders approved the Company's 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (the "Omnibus Plan"), and the Former Plan was frozen. No future awards will be made under the Former Plan, and the common shares that were not settled or awarded under the Former Plan as of the Effective Date are available for awards under the Omnibus Plan. The maximum number of common shares that are available for awards under the Omnibus Plan and under any other security based compensation arrangements adopted by the Company, including the Former Plan, may not exceed shares (equal to of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Company on the Effective Date). The maximum amount of the foregoing common shares that may be awarded under the Omnibus Plan as incentive stock options is common shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding issuances of options of and RSUs of under the Omnibus Plan. 
 
 Page F-19 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Stock-based compensation - restricted stock units Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was approximately of total unrecognized pre-tax stock option expense under the Company's equity compensation plans, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of total unrecognized pre-tax compensation expense related to outstanding time-based RSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Options 
 
 years Issued Exercised ) Expired / Forfeited ) Balance December 31, 2021 years Issued Exercised ) Expired / Forfeited ) Balance December 31, 2022 years 
 (1) For presentation purposes, stock options issued with a Canadian dollar denominated exercise price have been translated to USD based on the prevailing exchange rate on the date of grant. 
 (2) The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding represents the difference between the exercise price of the option and the closing stock price of our common stock on the last trading day of the period. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding was and options exercisable were at December 31, 2022. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the exercise of stock options, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had exercisable stock options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average remaining contractual life of years. At December 31, 2021, the Company had exercisable stock options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average remaining contractual life of years. 
 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield Fair value on date of grant - 
 - 

Page F-20 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

period. 
 
 years Issued Vested ) Expired / Forfeited ) Balance December 31, 2021 years Issued Vested ) Expired / Forfeited ) Balance December 31, 2022 years 
 (1) The aggregate intrinsic value of time-based RSUs outstanding was based on our closing stock price on the last trading day of the period. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued RSUs, with a vesting term of one to and a fair value between and per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued RSUs, with a vesting term of one to and a fair value between and per share. 
 
 Phantom Share Units 
 
 The Company has a phantom share unit plan, which it uses for grants to directors, officers, and employees. Phantom share units granted under the plan are non-assignable and are settled in cash at vesting based on the fair value of the Company's common stock on the vesting date. Phantom share units vest annually over a period. 
 Page F-21 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Issued Vested ) ) Expired / Forfeited ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 Issued Vested ) ) Expired / Forfeited ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 
 (1) The value of outstanding share equivalents at the beginning of the period is based on the market price of the Company s stock at that time; the value of issued share equivalents is based on the market price of the Company s stock at issuance; the value of vested share equivalents is based on the cash paid at the time of vesting; and the values of expired/forfeited share equivalents and outstanding share equivalents at the end of the period are based on the market price of the Company's stock at the end of the period. The market price of the Company's stock was and on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The change in fair value of the phantom share units has been charged to the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income and recorded as a liability included in accrued liabilities and long-term accrued liabilities. 
 
 The total liability associated with phantom share units at December 31, 2022 is , with of this amount included in current accrued liabilities and the remaining portion of included in long-term accrued liabilities. At December 31, 2021, the total liability associated with phantom share units was , with of this amount included in current accrued liabilities and the remaining portion of included in long-term accrued liabilities. 
 
 The impact associated with the fair value remeasurement of phantom share units is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The Company paid cash settlements of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, pertaining to vestings of cash-settled phantom share units. 

8. 

Page F-22 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million towards the delivery of such respiratory equipment. Vyaire was unable or unwilling to deliver the vast majority of the respiratory equipment referenced in the Purchase Order, and also refused to refund the prepayment amount (less the amounts paid for equipment actually received). On July 29, 2020, the Company (through its subsidiary Sleep Management LLC) filed a lawsuit against Vyaire in the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana (the Court ). This lawsuit was dismissed on December 8, 2020 in connection with the commencement of the lawsuit filed by the Company (through its subsidiary Sleep Management) on November 5, 2020, against Vyaire in the 15th Judicial District Court for the Parish of Lafayette, Louisiana (the State Court seeking damages for breach of contract and seeking a declaratory judgment that the Company is not required to pay any further funds to Vyaire. On December 28, 2020, Vyaire filed its Answer, Affirmative Defenses, and Reconventional Demand Reconventional Demand with the State Court alleging breach of contract and seeking damages of million purportedly for the improper cancellation of the Purchase Order. The Company filed its Answer to the Reconventional Demand on February 12, 2021 and the parties are currently engaged in discovery. 
 
 The Company continues to believe that it has valid legal and equitable grounds to recover its outstanding prepayment as a result of Vyaire s failure to deliver the vast majority of the respiratory equipment referenced in the Purchase Order. The Company has determined that a loss related to the Reconventional Demand is not probable, and thus has not accrued a liability related to this claim. Although a loss may be reasonably possible, the Company does not have sufficient information to determine the amount or range of reasonably possible loss with respect to the Reconventional Demand given that the dispute is in the early stages of the legal process. At December 31, 2022, outstanding funds in the amount of million related to undelivered respiratory equipment are included within other long-term assets. 
 
 Governmental and Regulatory Matters 
 
 From time to time the Company is involved in various external governmental investigations, audits and reviews. Reviews, audits and investigations of this sort can lead to government actions, which can result in the assessment of recoupment of reimbursement, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way the Company conducts business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs. 
 
 In May of 2021, a final report and recommendation Report was issued by the OIG regarding an audit by OIG of claims relating to of the Company s non-invasive ventilation at home NIVH patients. The OIG asserted that most of the sampled Medicare claims submitted for the monthly rental of non-invasive ventilators did not comply with Medicare requirements. The Company firmly believed that the Report ignored each patient s diagnosis and supporting documentation of that diagnosis from treating and prescribing physicians and applied clinical guidelines that were contrary to CMS s accepted standard of care. In late June of 2021, the Company received initial request letters from DME MACs referencing the Report and requesting repayment of purported overpayments. The Company responded to each initial request by submitting a rebuttal and by filing a redetermination appeal as prescribed by the initial request letters and by statute. In September 2021, the MACs informed the Company of unfavorable decisions with respect to the redetermination appeals. In November 2021, the Company filed Reconsideration Appeals with CMS's designated Qualified Independent Contractor ("QIC"). Based on its review, the QIC determined that approximately of the claims it reviewed were medically necessary and properly payable under Medicare rules and regulations, overturning OIG s and the MACs' initial recommendations and determinations. As a result of the QIC's reconsideration findings, reduced and recalculated principal overpayment requests totaling million were issued by the MACs. In order to limit the assessment of interest during the appeals period, the Company remitted the associated funds to the MACs. In December 2022, an Administrative Law Judge overturned all of the remaining appealed claims and instructed the MACs to refund all funds previously remitted by the Company. Accordingly, the funds remitted to the MACs are recorded in Prepaid expenses and other assets at December 31, 2022 and were received in full subsequent to year end. 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 
 The Company maintains a 401(k) retirement plan for employees to which eligible employees can contribute a percentage of their pre-tax compensation. Matching employer contributions to the 401(k) plan totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Page F-23 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

9. 
 
 million in April 2020, a targeted distribution payment of million in November 2021, and a general distribution payment of million in January 2022. The HHS has stated that Provider Relief Fund payments are not loans and will not need to be repaid. However, as a condition to the receipt of funds, the Company and any other providers must agree to a detailed set of terms and conditions. CMS has indicated that the terms and conditions may be subject to ongoing changes and reporting. There is no US GAAP guidance for for-profit health care entities that receive government grants that are not in the form of an income tax credit, revenue from a contract with a customer or a loan. As such, for-profit entities must determine the appropriate accounting treatment by analogy to other guidance such as International Accounting Standards (IAS) 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance, in IFRS. Under IAS 20, we determined that upon receipt of funds, we fully complied with the conditions attached to the grant. We recognized the distributions received from the Provider Relief Fund in the income statement in full during the period of receipt. To the extent that reporting requirements and terms and conditions are modified, it may affect the Company's ability to comply and may require the return of funds. We are not aware of any such modifications as of December 31, 2022. 

10. 
 
 Statutory income tax rate Computed provision for income taxes State income tax expense Permanent differences Prior Year True Ups ) Changes in valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 Page F-24 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

) State ) Total current taxes ) Deferred taxes: Federal State Total deferred taxes Provision for income taxes 
 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 
 Deferred income taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement book basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. Management evaluates the need for valuation allowances on the deferred income tax assets according to the provisions of FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes. In making this determination, management assesses all available evidence, both positive and negative, available at the balance sheet date. This includes, but is not limited to, recent earnings, internally prepared income projections, and historical financial performance. 

Page F-25 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

State fixed asset and net operating losses Goodwill Allowance for doubtful accounts Accrued compensation and other Accrued phantom stock Stock-based compensation Capitalized costs Lease liability Charitable contributions Other UNICAP Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use asset ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Total deferred liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance: Net deferred tax asset before valuation allowance Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset 

Page F-26 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

11. 
 
 Denominator: Basic weighted average number of common shares Diluted weighted average number of shares Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Denominator calculation from basic to diluted: Basic weighted average number of common shares Stock options and other dilutive securities Diluted weighted average number of shares 
 
 Anti-dilutive shares excluded from the calculation consisted of dilutive employee stock options and RSUs that were de minimis in all periods presented. 

12. 
 
 shares at fair value and used cash on hand to satisfy statutory tax withholding obligations. These shares were subsequently cancelled by the Company. 
 
 Page F-27 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the Company's disclosures controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company's periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. 
 
 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes policies and procedures that: 
 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include, and we were not required to include, an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Page 43 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Page 44 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. This code is available on the corporate governance section of our website (which is a subsection of the investor relations section of our website) at the following address: www.viemed.com/investor-relations. We intend to disclose on our website any amendments or waivers to the code that are required to be disclosed by SEC rules. 
 
 Additional information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 a. Documents filed as part of this report. 
 
 1. Financial Statements. The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. No financial statement schedule is required to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3. Unless otherwise indicated, all documents incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to a document filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act are located under SEC file number 001-38973. 
 
 Page 45 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Title 3.1 Notice of Articles of Business Corporation Act of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Business Corporation Act Articles of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2021. 
 4.1 Description of Registrant's Securities. 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated November 29, 2022, among Viemed, Inc., as borrower, certain subsidiaries of Viemed, Inc., as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Regions Bank, as administrative agent and collateral agent. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2022. 
 10.2 Pledge and Security Agreement dated November 29, 2022, among Viemed, Inc., Home Sleep Delivered, L.L.C., Sleep Management, L.L.C., Viemed Clinical Services, LLC, and Viemed Healthcare Staffing LLC, as obligors, and Regions Bank, as collateral agent. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2022. 
 +10.3 Form of Indemnity Agreement between Viemed Healthcare, Inc. and its Directors and Executive Officers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.4 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.5 Amended and Restated Viemed Healthcare, Inc. Restricted Share Unit and Deferred Share Unit Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.6 Viemed Inc. Phantom Share Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.7 Form of Phantom Share Plan Award. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.8 Viemed Inc. Annual Discretionary Cash Bonus Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.9 Executive Employment Agreement dated effective June 3, 2019 by and between Casey Hoyt and Sleep Management, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.10 Executive Employment Agreement dated effective June 3, 2019 by and between Michael B. Moore and Sleep Management, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.11 Executive Employment Agreement dated effective June 3, 2019 by and between William T. Zehnder and Sleep Management, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 10, 2019. 
 +10.12 Viemed Healthcare, Inc. 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2020. 
 
 Page 46 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

+10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2021. 
 +10.14 Form of Award Agreement for Stock Option. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2021. 
 +10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2021. 
 +10.16 Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2021. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Furnished in accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Page 47 

VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. (Tabular dollar amounts expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 VIEMED HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 (Registrant) By: /s/ Casey Hoyt Casey Hoyt Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Trae Fitzgerald Trae Fitzgerald Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: March 2, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Casey Hoyt Chief Executive Officer and Director March 2, 2023 Casey Hoyt (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Trae Fitzgerald Chief Financial Officer March 2, 2023 Trae Fitzgerald (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) /s/ W. Todd Zehnder Chief Operating Officer and Director March 2, 2023 W. Todd Zehnder /s/ Randy Dobbs Chairman of the Board of Directors March 2, 2023 Randy Dobbs /s/ Dr. William Frazier Director and Chief Medical Officer March 2, 2023 Dr. William Frazier /s/ Bruce Greenstein Director March 2, 2023 Bruce Greenstein /s/ Sabrina Heltz Director March 2, 2023 Sabrina Heltz /s/ Nitin Kaushal Director March 2, 2023 Nitin Kaushal /s/ Timothy Smokoff Director March 2, 2023 Timothy Smokoff 
 Page 48 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 q42022exhibit41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the common shares of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. which are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description also summarizes relevant provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) (the Business Corporations Act and certain other United States and Canadian laws. The following description is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of the Business Corporations Act and the other United States and Canadian laws referred to below, and our Notice of Articles pursuant to the Business Corporations Act (the Notice of Articles ), and our Amended and Restated Business Corporations Act Articles (the Articles ), which are filed as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part, and are incorporated by reference herein. We encourage you to read the Notice of Articles and the Articles, and the applicable provisions of the Business Corporations Act and the other United States and Canadian laws referred to below for additional information. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to we, us, our and the Company in this Exhibit 4.1 refer solely to Viemed Healthcare, Inc. and not to our subsidiaries. 
 
 Share Capital 
 
 Authorized Share Capital 
 
 We are organized under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada. The core charter documents for British Columbia companies are the Articles and the Notice of Articles. Pursuant to the Notice of Articles and the Articles, our authorized capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares, no par value. 
 
 Issued Share Capital 
 
 As of February 15, 2023, there were 38,169,281 common shares issued and outstanding. 
 
 Description of Common Shares 
 
 All of the common shares are of the same class and, once issued, rank equally as to dividends, voting powers and participation in assets and in all other respects, on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, or any other distribution of the assets of the Company among its shareholders for the purpose of winding up its affairs after the Company has paid out its liabilities. The issued common shares will not be subject to call or assessment by the Company nor are there any pre-emptive, conversion, exchange, sinking fund, redemption or retraction rights attaching to the common shares. 
 
 All registered holders of the common shares are entitled to receive notice of any general or special meeting to be convened by the Company. At any general or special meeting, subject to the restrictions on joint registered owners of the common shares, each holder of the common shares is entitled to one vote per share for each common share of which it is the registered owner and may exercise such votes either in person or by proxy. Otherwise, on a show of hands every shareholder who is present in person and entitled to vote will have one vote, and on a poll every shareholder will have one vote for each common share of which it is the registered owner. 
 
 Issue of Shares 
 
 Our Board of Directors (the Board may, subject to the Business Corporations Act, applicable securities laws and the Articles, issue, allot, sell or otherwise dispose of the unissued shares, and issued shares held by the Company, at the times, to the persons, including directors, in the manner, on the terms 
 1 

and conditions and for the issue prices that the Board, in its absolute discretion, subject to the Business Corporations Act, may determine. 
 
 Repurchase by the Company of its Shares 
 
 Subject to applicable securities laws, including compliance with the issuer bid rules, and the special rights or restrictions attached to any class or series of shares and any applicable criteria set forth in the Business Corporations Act, the Company may, if authorized to do so by the Board, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its shares. 
 
 Meetings of Shareholders Procedures, Admission and Voting Rights 
 
 General meetings of shareholders may be held at any place within or outside British Columbia, Canada as determined by the Board and designated in the notice of meeting or waiver of notice thereof. The Company must hold an annual general meeting at least once in each calendar year and not more than 15 months after the last annual general meeting. In addition, pursuant to the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX Company Manual, the Company must hold its annual general meeting within six months of its fiscal year end. 
 
 Notice of a meeting of shareholders must be sent to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders not less than 21 days prior to the date of the meeting or such other minimum day period as required by the applicable securities laws. This notice period applies to all general and extraordinary meetings, including a meeting in which a special resolution, exception or special separate resolution may be passed. 
 
 If a meeting of shareholders is to consider special business as specified in the Articles, the notice of meeting must state the general nature of the special business and, if the special business includes considering, approving, ratifying, adopting or authorizing any document or the signing of or giving of effect to any document, (i) have attached to it a copy of the document, or (ii) state that a copy of the document will be made available for inspection by the shareholders in the manner specified in the Articles. 
 
 Extraordinary general meetings of shareholders may be held as frequently as they are called by the Board. In addition, under the Business Corporations Act shareholders holding in the aggregate at least 1 20 of our outstanding shares may requisition the Board to call a general meeting of shareholders to deal with matters that may be dealt with at a general meeting, including election of directors. If the Board does not call the meeting within the timeframes specified in the Business Corporations Act, a subset of the requisitioning shareholders holding in the aggregate at least 1 40 of our outstanding shares can call the meeting and we must reimburse the costs unless the shareholders resolve otherwise by ordinary resolution. 
 
 The only persons entitled to be present at a meeting of the shareholders shall be those entitled to vote at that meeting, the directors, our president (if any), our secretary and assistant secretary (if any), our lawyers and auditors and others who, although not entitled to vote, are entitled or required under the Business Corporations Act or the Articles to be present at the meeting. Every shareholder entitled to vote may appoint a proxyholder to attend the meeting in the manner and to the extent authorized and with the authority conferred by the proxy. Any other person may be admitted only on the invitation of directors or the chair of the meeting. All meetings of shareholders shall be presided over by the chair of the Board or, if the chair of the Board is absent or unwilling to preside, the president of the Company, or if there is no president or the president is absent or unwilling to preside, such other persons determined as set out in the Articles. 

2 

Advance Notice Provisions 
 
 The Articles provide for advance notice of nominations of directors which require that advance notice be provided to the Company in circumstances where nominations of persons for election to the Board are made by shareholders of the Company other than pursuant to (i) a requisition of a meeting of shareholders made pursuant to the provisions of the Business Corporations Act or (ii) a shareholder proposal made pursuant to the provisions of the Business Corporations Act. 
 
 Majority Voting Policy 
 
 As of May 23, 2018, the Board adopted a majority voting policy that requires, in an uncontested election of directors, that shareholders be able to vote for, or withhold from voting, separately for each director nominee. If, with respect to any particular nominee, the number of votes withheld from voting by shareholders exceeds the number of votes for the nominee by shareholders, then although the director nominee will have been successfully elected to the Board pursuant to applicable corporate laws, he or she will then be required to offer to tender his or her resignation to the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (the CG&N Committee promptly following the meeting of shareholders at which the director was so elected. The CG&N Committee will consider such offer and make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept it or not. The Board will promptly accept the resignation unless it determines, in consultation with the CG&N Committee, that there are exceptional circumstances that should delay the acceptance of the resignation or justify rejecting it. The Board will 
 make its decision and announce it in a press release within 90 days following the applicable meeting of 
 shareholders. A director who tenders his or her resignation pursuant to the majority voting policy will not participate in any meeting of the Board or the CG&N Committee at which the resignation is considered. 
 
 Certain Takeover Bid Requirements 
 
 Unless such offer constitutes an exempt transaction, an offer made by a person (an offeror to acquire outstanding shares of a Canadian entity that, when aggregated with the offeror s holdings (and those of persons or companies acting jointly with the offeror), would constitute 20 or more of the outstanding shares, would be subject to the take-over provisions of Canadian securities laws. The foregoing is a limited and general summary of certain aspects of applicable securities law in the provinces and territories of Canada, all in effect as of the date hereof. 
 
 In addition to those take-over bid requirements noted above, the acquisition of shares may trigger the application of additional statutory regimes including amongst others, the Investment Canada Act (Canada) and the Competition Act (Canada). 
 
 This summary is not a comprehensive description of relevant or applicable considerations regarding such requirements and, accordingly, is not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, legal advice to any prospective purchaser and no representation with respect to such requirements to any prospective purchaser is made. Prospective investors should consult their own Canadian legal advisors with respect to any questions regarding securities law in the provinces and territories of Canada. 
 
 Actions Requiring a Special Majority 
 
 Under the Business Corporations Act, unless otherwise stated in the Articles, certain corporate actions require the approval of a special majority of shareholders, meaning holders of shares representing 66 2 3 of those votes cast in respect of a shareholder vote addressing such matter. Those items requiring the approval of a special majority generally relate to fundamental changes with respect to our business, and include amongst others, resolutions (i) removing a director prior to the expiry of his or her term (ii) altering certain sections of the Articles, (iii) approving an amalgamation (iv) approving a plan of arrangement and (v) providing for a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 
 3 

Listing Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 Our common shares trade in the United States on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol VMD and in Canada on the TSX under the trading symbol VMD.TO. 
 
 Computershare Trust Company is the transfer agent and registrar for our common shares. 
 
 Other Canadian Laws Affecting U.S. Shareholders 
 
 There are no governmental laws, decrees or regulations in Canada relating to restrictions on the export or import of capital, or affecting the remittance of interest, dividends or other payments by us to non-residents of Canada. 
 
 There are no limitations specific to the rights of non-residents of Canada to hold or vote our common shares under the federal laws of Canada, the Business Corporations Act, or in our Articles or Notice of Articles, other than those imposed by the Investment Canada Act (Canada) as discussed below. 
 
 Non-Canadian investors who acquire a controlling interest in us may be subject to the Investment Canada Act (Canada), which governs the basis on which non-Canadians may invest in Canadian businesses. Under the Investment Canada Act (Canada), the acquisition of a majority of the voting interests of an entity (or of a majority of the undivided ownership interests in the voting common shares of an entity that is a corporation) is deemed to be an acquisition of control of that entity. The acquisition of less than a majority but one-third or more of the voting common shares of a corporation (or of an equivalent undivided ownership interest in the voting common shares of the corporation) is presumed to be acquisition of control of that corporation unless it can be established that, on the acquisition, the corporation is not controlled in fact by the acquirer through the ownership of the voting common shares. The acquisition of less than one-third of the voting common shares of a corporation (or of an equivalent undivided ownership interest in the voting common shares of the corporation) is deemed not to be acquisition of control of that corporation. 
 
 Tax Matters Applicable to Ownership of Our Common Shares 
 
 Holders Resident in the United States 
 
 The following portion of this summary is applicable to a holder of our common shares who, for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the Tax Act and the Canada-United States Tax Convention (1980), as amended (the Treaty ), at all relevant times, is not resident or deemed to be resident in Canada, is a resident of the United States for the purposes of the Treaty and qualifies for the full benefits thereunder, and who does not use or hold (and is not deemed to use or hold) the Company s common shares in connection with a business carried on in Canada (a U.S. Resident Holder ). This part of the summary is not applicable to a U.S. Resident Holder that is an insurer that carries on an insurance business in Canada. 
 
 Taxation of Dividends 
 
 Dividends paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited by the Company to a non-resident of Canada will generally be subject to Canadian withholding tax at the rate of 25 , subject to any applicable reduction in the rate of such withholding under an income tax treaty between Canada and the country where the holder is resident. Under the Treaty, the withholding tax rate in respect of a dividend paid to a U.S. Resident Holder that beneficially owns such dividends is generally reduced to 15 , unless the U.S. Resident Holder is a C Corporation shareholder which owns at least 10 of the voting shares of the Company at that time, in which case the withholding tax rate is reduced to 5 . 

4 

Disposition of Common Shares 
 
 A U.S. Resident Holder will not be subject to tax under the Tax Act in respect of any capital gain realized on the disposition of our common shares, provided that the common shares are not taxable Canadian property for purposes of the Tax Act. Provided that the common shares are listed on a designated stock exchange (which includes the TSX) at a particular time, the common shares generally will not constitute taxable Canadian property to a U.S. Resident Holder at that time unless, at any time during the 60 month period immediately preceding that time (i) 25 or more of the issued shares of any class or series of the Company s capital stock were owned by any combination of (a) the U.S. Resident Holder, (b) persons with whom the U.S. Resident Holder did not deal at arm s length, and (c) partnerships in which the U.S. Resident Holder or a person described in (b) holds a membership interest directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships and (ii) more than 50 of the value of the common shares was derived, directly or indirectly, from one or any combination of (a) real or immoveable property situated in Canada, (b) Canadian resource properties, (c) timber resource properties, and (d) options in respect of, or an interest in, any such property (whether or not the property exists), all for purposes of the Tax Act. A U.S. Resident Holder s common shares can also be deemed to be taxable Canadian property in certain circumstances set out in the Tax Act. 
 5 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit2112022subsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Formation Viemed, Inc. Delaware Home Sleep Delivered, L.L.C. Louisiana Sleep Management, L.L.C. Louisiana Viemed Clinical Services, L.L.C. Louisiana Viemed Healthcare Staffing, L.L.C. Louisiana 
 1 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit2312022consentofind.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-233412) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan of Viemed Healthcare, Inc., 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-233411) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Viemed Healthcare, Inc. Restricted Share Unit and Deferred Share Unit Plan, 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-239323) pertaining to the Viemed Healthcare, Inc. 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan, and 
 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-248573) of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. 
 
 of our report dated March 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 New Orleans, Louisiana 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 q42022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Casey Hoyt, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 2, 2023 
 
 s Casey Hoyt 

Casey Hoyt 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 q42022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Trae Fitzgerald, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 2, 2023 
 
 s Trae Fitzgerald 

Trae Fitzgerald 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 q42022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Casey Hoyt, the Chief Executive Officer of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 2, 2023 
 s Casey Hoyt 
 Casey Hoyt 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 q42022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Trae Fitzgerald, the Chief Financial Officer of Viemed Healthcare, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 2, 2023 
 s Trae Fitzgerald 
 Trae Fitzgerald 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 vmd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 vmd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 vmd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 vmd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 vmd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

