<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_920522_0000920522-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27547537</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>440890</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3185107</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9902566</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6574434</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7028835</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000920522-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223162320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000920522-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000920522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				770369576
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13106
		FILM NUMBER:		23660005

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 PARK PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6506557800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 PARK PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESSEX PORTFOLIO LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESSEX PORTFOLIO LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053059
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				770369575
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-44467-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23660006

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 CALIFORNIA AVE
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4154943700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 CALIFORNIA AVENUE
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000920522-23-000005.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 ess-20221231.htm
 10-K

ess-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

(MARK ONE) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 
 
 (Essex Property Trust, Inc.) 
 (Essex Portfolio, L.P.) 
 (Commission File Number) 

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (Essex Property Trust, Inc.) (Essex Property Trust, Inc.) (Essex Portfolio, L.P.) (Essex Portfolio, L.P.) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices including Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Essex Property Trust, Inc. No Essex Portfolio, L.P. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Essex Property Trust, Inc. Yes Essex Portfolio, L.P. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Essex Property Trust, Inc. No Essex Portfolio, L.P. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Essex Property Trust, Inc. No Essex Portfolio, L.P. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc.: Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 Essex Portfolio, L.P.: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Essex Property Trust, Inc. Essex Portfolio, L.P. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Essex Property Trust, Inc. Essex Portfolio, L.P. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Essex Property Trust, Inc. Yes No Essex Portfolio, L.P. Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of Essex Property Trust, Inc. was . The aggregate market value was computed with reference to the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on the last trading day preceding such date. Shares of common stock held by executive officers, directors and holders of more than ten percent of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This exclusion does not reflect a determination that such persons are affiliates for any other purposes. There is no public trading market for the common units of Essex Portfolio, L.P. As a result, the aggregate market value of the common units held by non-affiliates of Essex Portfolio, L.P. cannot be determined. 
 
 As of February 21, 2023, shares of common stock .0001 par value) of Essex Property Trust, Inc. were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Auditor Name: Location: PCAOB ID: 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Essex Property Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and Essex Portfolio, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership of which Essex Property Trust, Inc. is the sole general partner. 
 
 Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to the "Company," "we," "us," or "our" mean collectively Essex Property Trust, Inc. and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Essex Property Trust, Inc., including Essex Portfolio, L.P., and references to the "Operating Partnership," or "EPLP" mean Essex Portfolio, L.P. and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Essex Portfolio, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to "Essex" mean Essex Property Trust, Inc., not including any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Essex operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust ("REIT"), and is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, Essex owned approximately 96.6 of the ownership interest in the Operating Partnership with the remaining 3.4 interest owned by limited partners. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, Essex has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership's day-to-day management. 
 
 The Company is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT ("UPREIT") and Essex contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings to the Operating Partnership. In return for those contributions, Essex receives a number of Operating Partnership limited partnership units ("OP Units," and the holders of such OP Units, "Unitholders") equal to the number of shares of common stock it has issued in the equity offerings. Contributions of properties to the Company can be structured as tax-deferred transactions through the issuance of OP Units, which is one of the reasons why the Company is structured in the manner outlined above. Based on the terms of the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement, OP Units can be exchanged into Essex common stock on a one-for-one basis. The Company maintains a one-for-one relationship between the OP Units issued to Essex and shares of common stock. 
 
 The Company believes that combining the reports on Form 10-K of Essex and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits: 
 
 enhances investors' understanding of Essex and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 
 eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation since a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both Essex and the Operating Partnership; and 
 creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 
 
 Management operates Essex and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of Essex consists of the same members as the management of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 All of the Company's property ownership, development, and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and Essex has no material assets, other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Essex's primary function is acting as the general partner of the Operating Partnership. As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, Essex consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of Essex and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. Essex also issues equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of the Operating Partnership, as disclosed in this report. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company's ownership interests in its co-investments. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by the Company, which are contributed to the capital of the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units (on a one-for-one share of common stock per OP Unit basis), the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company's business. These sources of capital include the Operating Partnership's working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under its revolving credit facilities, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from disposition of certain properties and co-investments. 
 
 The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between Essex and the Operating Partnership in the context of how Essex and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. Stockholders' equity, partners' capital and noncontrolling interest are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of Essex and those of the Operating Partnership. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners' capital in the Operating Partnership's consolidated financial statements and as noncontrolling interest in Essex's consolidated financial statements. The noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership's consolidated financial statements include the interest of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships and co-investment partners. The noncontrolling interest in Essex's 
 iii 

consolidated financial statements include (i) the same noncontrolling interest as presented in the Operating Partnership s consolidated financial statements and (ii) OP Unitholders. The differences between stockholders' equity and partners' capital result from differences in the equity issued at Essex and Operating Partnership levels. 
 
 To help investors understand the significant differences between Essex and the Operating Partnership, this report on Form 10-K provides separate consolidated financial statements for Essex and the Operating Partnership; a single set of consolidated notes to such financial statements that includes separate discussions of stockholders' equity or partners' capital, and earnings per share/unit, as applicable; and a combined Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 This report on Form 10-K also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of Essex and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that Essex and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 In order to highlight the differences between Essex and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report on Form 10-K for Essex and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to Essex and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of Essex and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and co-investments and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the Company is one business and the Company operates that business through the Operating Partnership. The separate discussions of Essex and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company. 
 
 The information furnished in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, capital, and cash flows of the Company and the Operating Partnership reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements for the periods and are normal and recurring in nature, except as otherwise noted. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to such consolidated financial statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein. 
 iv 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part I. Page Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. Properties 
 22 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 34 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 47 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 48 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 49 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 49 
 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 50 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 50 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 50 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 50 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 51 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 51 
 Signatures 
 S- 1 

v 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements are described in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, "Forward-Looking Statements." Actual results could differ materially from those set forth in each forward-looking statement. Certain factors that might cause such a difference are discussed in this report, including in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 

Item 1. Business 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc. ("Essex"), a Maryland corporation, is an S P 500 company that operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust ("REIT"). Essex owns all of its interest in its real estate and other investments directly or indirectly through Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the "Operating Partnership" or "EPLP"). Essex is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and as of December 31, 2022, had an approximately 96.6 general partner interest in the Operating Partnership. In this report, the terms the "Company," "we," "us," and "our" also refer to Essex Property Trust, Inc., the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Essex and/or the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Essex has elected to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, commencing with the year ended December 31, 1994. Essex completed its initial public offering on June 13, 1994. In order to maintain compliance with REIT tax rules, the Company utilizes taxable REIT subsidiaries for various revenue generating or investment activities. All taxable REIT subsidiaries are consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes. 
 
 The Company is engaged primarily in the ownership, operation, management, acquisition, development and redevelopment of predominantly apartment communities, located along the West Coast of the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned or had ownership interests in 252 operating apartment communities, aggregating 62,147 apartment homes, excluding the Company's ownership in preferred equity co-investments, loan investments, three operating commercial buildings, and a development pipeline comprised of one unconsolidated joint venture project and various predevelopment projects aggregating 264 apartment homes (collectively, the "Portfolio"). 
 
 The Company s website address is http://www.essex.com. The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders are available, free of charge, on its website as soon as practicable after the Company files the reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The information contained on the Company's website shall not be deemed to be incorporated into this report. 
 
 BUSINESS STRATEGIES 
 
 The following is a discussion of the Company s business strategies in regards to real estate investment and management. 
 
 Business Strategies 
 
 Research Driven Approach to Investments The Company believes that successful real estate investment decisions and portfolio growth begin with extensive regional economic research and local market knowledge. The Company continually assesses markets where the Company operates, as well as markets where the Company considers future investment opportunities by evaluating markets and focusing on the following strategic criteria: 
 
 Major metropolitan areas that have regional population in excess of one million; 
 Constraints on new supply driven by: (i) low availability of developable land sites where competing housing could be economically built; (ii) political growth barriers, such as protected land, urban growth boundaries, and potential lengthy and expensive development permit processes; and (iii) natural limitations to development, such as mountains or waterways; 
 Rental demand enhanced by affordability of rents relative to costs of for-sale housing; and 
 Housing demand based on job growth, proximity to jobs, high median incomes and the quality of life including related commuting factors. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Recognizing that all real estate markets are cyclical, the Company regularly evaluates the results of its regional economic, and local market research, and adjusts the geographic focus of its portfolio accordingly. The Company seeks to increase its portfolio allocation in markets projected to have the strongest local economies and to decrease allocations in markets projected to have declining economic conditions. Likewise, the Company also seeks to increase its portfolio allocation in markets that have attractive property valuations and to decrease allocations in markets that have inflated valuations and low relative yields. 
 
 Property Operations The Company manages its communities by focusing on activities that may generate above-average rental growth, tenant retention/satisfaction and long-term asset appreciation. The Company intends to achieve this by utilizing the strategies set forth below: 
 
 Property Management Oversee delivery and quality of the housing provided to our tenants and manage the properties financial performance. 
 Capital Preservation The Company's asset management services are responsible for the planning, budgeting and completion of major capital improvement projects at the Company s communities. 
 Business Planning and Control Comprehensive business plans are implemented in conjunction with significant investment decisions. These plans include benchmarks for future financial performance based on collaborative discussions between on-site managers, the operations leadership team, and senior management. 
 Development and Redevelopment The Company focuses on acquiring and developing apartment communities in supply constrained markets, and redeveloping its existing communities to improve the financial and physical aspects of the Company s communities. 
 
 CURRENT BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 
 Acquisitions of Real Estate Interests 
 
 Acquisitions are an important component of the Company s business plan. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased or increased its interests in three communities consisting of 590 apartment homes for approximately 215.9 million. The table below summarizes acquisition activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 in millions): 
 Property Name Location Apartment Homes Essex Ownership Percentage Ownership Quarter in 2022 Purchase Price Vela Woodland Hills, CA 379 50 Wesco VI Q1 183.0 (1) 
 Regency Palm Court and Windsor Court Los Angeles, CA 211 100 EPLP Q3 32.9 (2) 
 Total 2022 590 215.9 
 
 (1) Represents the contract price for the entire property, not the Company s share. 
 (2) In July 2022, the Company acquired its joint venture partner s 49.8 minority interest in two apartment communities, consisting of 211 apartment homes located in Los Angeles, CA, for a contract price of 32.9 million. 
 
 Dispositions of Real Estate 
 
 As part of its strategic plan to own quality real estate in supply-constrained markets, the Company continually evaluates all of its communities and sells those communities that no longer meet the Company's strategic criteria. The Company may use the capital generated from the dispositions to invest in higher-return communities, other real estate investments or to fund other commitments. The Company believes that the sale of these communities will not have a material impact on its future results of operations or cash flows nor will the sale of these communities materially affect the Company's ongoing operations. In general, the Company seeks to offset the dilutive impact on long-term earnings and funds from operations from these dispositions through the positive impact of reinvestment of proceeds. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold one community consisting of 250 apartment homes for approximately 160.0 million. 
 Property Name Location Apartment Homes Ownership Quarter in 2022 Sales Price (in millions) Anavia Anaheim, CA 250 EPLP Q4 160.0 (1) 
 Total 2022 250 160.0 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 (1) The Company recognized a 94.4 million gain on sale. 
 
 Development Pipeline 
 
 The Company defines development projects as new communities that are being constructed, or are newly constructed and are in a phase of lease-up and have not yet reached stabilized operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's development pipeline was comprised of one unconsolidated joint venture project under development aggregating 264 apartment homes and various predevelopment projects, with total incurred costs of 102.0 million. The estimated remaining project costs are approximately 25.0 million, of which 12.8 million represents the Company's share of estimated remaining costs, for total estimated project costs of 127.0 million. 
 
 The Company defines predevelopment projects as proposed communities in negotiation or in the entitlement process with an expected high likelihood of becoming entitled development projects. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had various consolidated predevelopment projects. The Company may also acquire land for future development purposes or sale. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s development pipeline in millions): 
 As of 12/31/2022 Essex Estimated Incurred Estimated Development Pipeline Location Ownership Apartment Homes Project Cost (1) 
 Project Cost (1) 
 Development Projects - Joint Venture LIVIA (fka Scripps Mesa Apartments) (2) 
 San Diego, CA 51 264 77 102 Total Development Projects - Joint Venture 264 77 102 Predevelopment Projects - Consolidated Other Projects Various 100 25 25 Total - Consolidated Predevelopment Projects 25 25 Grand Total - Development and Predevelopment Pipeline 264 102 127 
 
 (1) Includes costs related to the entire project, including both the Company's and joint venture partners' costs. Includes incurred costs and estimated costs to complete these development projects. For predevelopment projects, only incurred costs are included in estimated costs. 
 (2) Incurred project cost and estimated project cost are net of a projected value for low income housing tax credit proceeds and the value of the tax-exempt bond structure. 
 
 Long Term Debt 
 
 During 2022, the Company made regularly scheduled principal payments and loan payoffs of 43.2 million to its secured mortgage notes payable at an average interest rate of 3.6 . 
 
 In October 2022, the Company obtained a 300.0 million unsecured term loan priced at Adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus 0.85 . The loan has been swapped to an all-in fixed rate of 4.2 and matures in October 2024 with three 12-month extension options, exercisable at the Company's option. The loan includes a six-month delayed draw feature with the proceeds expected to be drawn in April 2023 to repay the Company's 300.0 million unsecured notes due in May 2023. 
 
 Bank Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Moody s Investor Service and Standard and Poor's ("S P") credit agencies rated Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Essex Portfolio, L.P. Baa1/Stable and BBB+/Stable, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had two unsecured lines of credit aggregating 1.24 billion. The Company's 1.2 billion credit facility had an interest rate of Adjusted SOFR plus 0.75 which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's credit ratings, adjusted for the Company's sustainability metric grid, and a scheduled maturity date of January 2027 with two six-month extensions, exercisable at the Company's option. The Company's 35.0 million working capital unsecured line of 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 credit had an interest rate of Adjusted SOFR plus 0.75 , which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's credit ratings, adjusted for the Company's sustainability metric grid, and a scheduled maturity date of July 2024. 
 
 Equity Transactions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock through its equity distribution agreement entered into in September 2021 (the "2021 ATM Program"). As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding forward sale agreements, and 900.0 million of shares remain available to be sold under the 2021 ATM Program. 
 
 In September 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase plan to allow the Company to acquire shares of common stock up to an aggregate value of 500.0 million. The plan supersedes the Company's previous common stock repurchase plan announced in December 2015. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired 740,053 shares of its common stock totaling 189.7 million, including commissions, of which 420,606 shares of common stock totaling 101.7 million were repurchased under the new plan after its approval. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 398.3 million of purchase authority remaining under its 500.0 million stock repurchase plan. 
 
 Co-investments 
 
 The Company has entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, joint ventures or partnerships (including limited liability companies) through which it owns an indirect economic interest in less than 100 of the community or land or other investments owned directly by the joint venture or partnership. For each joint venture the Company holds a non-controlling interest in the venture and, in most cases, may earn customary management fees, development fees, asset property management fees, and a promote interest. 
 
 The Company has also made, and may continue in the future to make, preferred equity investments in various multifamily development projects. The Company earns a preferred rate of return on these investments. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 Company Overview and Values 
 
 The Company is headquartered in San Mateo, CA, and has regional corporate offices in Woodland Hills, CA; Irvine, CA and Bellevue, WA. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1,772 employees, 99.9 of whom were full-time employees. A total of 1,327 employees worked on-site at our operating communities and 445 worked in our corporate offices. The Company's mission is to create quality communities in premier locations and it is critical to the Company's mission that it attracts, trains and retains a talented and diverse team by providing a better place to work and significant opportunities for professional growth. The Company's culture supports its mission and is guided by its core values: to act with integrity, to care about what matters, to do right with urgency, to lead at every level and to seek fairness. The Company seeks to reinforce those values within its workforce. 
 
 Workplace Diversity 
 
 The Company believes it has one of the most diverse workforces among its peers in the real estate industry in part due to its robust and integrated diversity, equity, and inclusion strategy, which utilizes training programs, employee committees, and executive sponsorships to strengthen and promote diversity, equal opportunity, and fair treatment for all Company associates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's workforce was, based on the voluntary self-identification of our employee base, approximately 45 Hispanic or Latino, 28 White, 12 Asian, 7 Black or African American, 1 Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, 1 American Indian or Alaska Native, and 5 two or more races. 3 of employees chose to not disclose their race. 54 of the Company s managerial level employees, 22 of its senior executives, and 20 of its named executive officers self-identified as Hispanic or Latino, Asian, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, or two or more races. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s workforce was 41 female, 58 male, and 1 chose not to disclose their gender. 57 of our corporate associates and 36 of our on-site operational associates self-identified as female. The Company had 249 women in positions of manager or higher, representing 60 of managerial positions, a decrease from 65 in 2021. The slight decrease is primarily attributable to the Company s new operational structure which resulted in 62 operational associates moving into non-managerial roles. While some oversight duties were realigned, salary and benefits were not impacted, and women continue to hold a majority of the managerial roles at the Company. Gender diversity within the Company s leadership is similar to the overall gender diversity of the Company s employees and managers, with women composing 60 of the Company s executive officers and 56 of the Company s senior executives. The tables below detail the Company s gender representation by position and the age diversity of its workforce. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has a Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion ("DEI") Committee which directs the overarching goal setting, implementation, and follow-up for DEI initiatives and whose chairperson reports directly to the CEO on the Committee s activities. The Company supports the employee-led affinity groups, Women at Essex and the LGBTQ+ focused Rainbow Alliance, which foster a sense of community and inclusion for a diverse mix of associates at the Company through discussions and activities that are intended to engage, educate, enable, and empower the Company's employees. All associates are offered training aimed at preventing workplace harassment, including harassment based on age, gender or ethnicity, training covering the foundations of DEI and awareness of unconscious bias in the workplace, and all managers are required to complete anti-harassment training. 
 
 The Company is committed to pay equity and conducts a pay equity analysis on an annual basis. The Company developed a robust, multiple regression analysis model, which confirmed that we continue to maintain our gender pay parity. Our robust statistical analysis confirmed that gender was not a significant factor in determining pay decisions in 2022. 
 
 The following aligns with the Company s EE0-1 data for 2022: 
 
 Gender Representation by Position (1) 
 December 31, 2022 Male # (2) 
 Female # (2) 
 Male Female Corporate - Top Executives, VPs, Assistant VPs, Directors, Managers 74 76 49 51 Corporate - Below manager position 100 173 37 63 Field - Regional Directors/Managers, Community Managers 89 173 34 66 Field - Leasing Specialists, Leasing Managers, Relationship Reps, Bookkeepers 110 216 34 66 Field - Maintenance Supervisors and Techs 548 11 98 2 Field - Porter, Landscaper, Painter, Security Guard, Amenities Attendant 109 89 55 45 
 (1) Table excludes 4 associates that did not declare gender and does not include board directors and consultants. 
 (2) Gender is labeled as how respondents elected to be self-identified. 

Total Workforce by 
 Age Group 
 December 31, 2022 # 
 
 65 
 40 2 
 
 Training and Development 
 
 The Company values leadership at every level and demonstrates such value with respect to its associates by providing opportunities for all associates to develop personal and professional skills and by offering programs to encourage employee retention and advancement. These programs include leadership training, communication training, individual learning plans, Community Manager and Maintenance Manager training, investments in learning technology, and mentorship programs. Additionally, the Company provides its associates with outside educational benefits by offering an annual 3,000 tuition reimbursement to further support professional growth. To identify, retain and reward top performers, the Company offers a tenure program, which involves a cash gift for every five years of service, as well as excellence awards and a spot bonus recognition program to reward associates for good teamwork, good ideas and good service. The Company encourages internal promotions and hiring for open positions. In 2022, the Company promoted 12 of its employees to higher positions in the Company, a slight decrease from 2021 when the Company promoted 16 of its employees primarily due to the Company s focus on ensuring proper fit for its associates entering into new roles in the new operational structure. The Company engages in succession planning for its leadership and managerial positions and its executive team identifies and mentors the Company's top talent in order to ensure strong leadership at the Company for the future. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Employee Well-Being and Safety 
 
 The Company's compensation and benefits program and safety practices further reinforce its commitment to investing in the well-being of its associates while incentivizing its employees to promote fulfillment of the Company s mission. The Company offers competitive compensation and a standard suite of benefits, including health insurance, a retirement plan with a 6,000 annual matching potential benefit, life and disability coverage, paid parental leave, and commuter benefits. Additionally, the Company offers a housing discount for associates that live at Company communities, and additionally offers retirement support, associate discount programs, mental health support, including a mental health program and refresh days for our operations teams, and health benefit credits for participation in wellness programs. The Company engages in an annual compensation study to align compensation with market standards and to ensure the Company is appropriately compensating its top performers. 
 
 Providing a safe working environment and promoting employee safety is imperative to the Company, and the Company continued to prioritize its associates health and safety throughout 2022. The Company has safety policies in place that align with an Injury Illness Prevention Program, which seeks to proactively prevent workplace accidents and protect the health and safety of the Company's associates through training and analysis of incident reports. The Company provides safety training to Community Managers, Maintenance Supervisors, and Maintenance Technicians on a wide-range of topics, including Industrial Safety and Health, Confined Space Awareness, Electrical Safety and Protection, Active Shooter Event, Fire Extinguishing, Safety Data Sheets, Safe Lifting the E-Way, Ladder Safety, and Heat Stress in the Workplace. Additionally, in 2022, the Company continued to provide associates with additional paid time off for COVID-19 related illness and care through its Special Circumstances Leave policy in order to enable associates with adequate time to recover and to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. 
 
 Community and Social Impact 
 
 The Company believes volunteering can create positive change in the communities where our associates live and work and that the Company's commitment to giving back helps it attract and retain associates. The Company's Volunteer Program is aimed at supporting and encouraging eligible associates to become actively involved in their communities through the Company's support of charity initiatives and offering paid hours for volunteer time. Additionally, the Company s Essex Cares program provides direct aid to the Company s residents, associates, and local communities, including those who have experienced financial hardships. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 
 In order to engage and promote communication with our associates and solicit meaningful feedback on our efforts to create a positive work environment, the Company issues engagement surveys to all associates to measure 10 key drivers of employee experience including organizational fit, DEI, freedom of opinion, meaningful work, management support and recognition, among others. Engagement surveys are split into three phases: new hire surveys, Company-wide bi-annual surveys, and exit surveys. 89 of Company employees participated in the surveys in 2022. The Company s overall score on the surveys was 8.3 out of 10. 
 
 INSURANCE 
 
 The Company purchases general liability and property insurance coverage, including loss of rent, for each of its communities. The Company also purchases limited earthquake, terrorism, environmental and flood insurance. There are certain types of losses which may not be covered or could exceed coverage limits. The insurance programs are subject to deductibles and self-insured retentions in varying amounts. The Company utilizes a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Pacific Western Insurance LLC ("PWI"), to self-insure certain earthquake and property losses. As of December 31, 2022, PWI had cash and marketable securities of approximately 107.6 million, and is consolidated in the Company's financial statements. 
 
 All of the Company's communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity. The Company evaluates its financial loss exposure to seismic events by using actuarial loss models developed by the insurance industry and in most cases property vulnerability analysis based on structural evaluations by seismic consultants. The Company manages this exposure, where considered appropriate, desirable, and cost-effective, by upgrading properties to increase their resistance to forces caused by seismic events, by considering available funds and coverages provided by PWI and/or by purchasing seismic insurance. In most cases the Company also purchases limited earthquake insurance for certain properties owned by the Company's co-investments. 
 In addition, the Company carries other types of insurance coverage related to a variety of risks and exposures. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Based on market conditions, the Company may change or potentially eliminate insurance coverages, or increase levels of self-insurance. Further, the Company may incur losses, which could be material, due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, and/or losses in excess of coverage limits. 
 COMPETITION 
 
 There are numerous housing alternatives that compete with the Company s communities in attracting tenants. These include other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes. If the demand for the Company s communities is reduced or if competitors develop and/or acquire competing housing, rental rates and occupancy may drop which may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company faces competition from other REITs, businesses and other entities in the acquisition, development and operation of apartment communities. Some competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than the Company. This competition may result in increased costs of apartment communities the Company acquires and/or develops. 
 
 WORKING CAPITAL 
 
 The Company believes that cash flows generated by its operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities balances, availability under existing lines of credit, access to capital markets and the ability to generate cash from the disposition of real estate are sufficient to meet all of its reasonably anticipated cash needs during 2023. 
 
 The timing, source and amounts of cash flows provided by financing activities and used in investing activities are sensitive to changes in interest rates, stock price, and other fluctuations in the capital markets environment, which can affect the Company s plans for acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment activities. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 As a real estate owner and operator, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances and may be subject to liability and the costs of removal or remediation of certain potentially hazardous materials that may be present in our communities. See the discussion under the caption, "Risks Related to Real Estate Investments and Our Operations - The Company s Portfolio may have environmental liabilities" in Item 1A, Risk Factors, for information concerning the potential effect of environmental regulations on its operations, which discussion is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. 
 
 OTHER MATTERS 
 
 Certain Policies of the Company 
 
 The Company intends to continue to operate in a manner that will not subject it to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company may in the future (i) issue securities senior to its common stock, (ii) fund acquisition activities with borrowings under its line of credit and (iii) offer shares of common stock and/or units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership or affiliated partnerships as partial consideration for property acquisitions. The Company from time to time acquires partnership interests in partnerships and joint ventures, either directly or indirectly through subsidiaries of the Company, when such entities underlying assets are real estate. 
 
 The Company invests primarily in apartment communities that are located in predominantly coastal markets within Southern California, Northern California, and the Seattle metropolitan area. The Company currently intends to continue to invest in apartment communities in such regions. However, the geographical composition of the portfolio is evaluated periodically and may be modified by management. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 
 For purposes of this section, the term "stockholders" means the holders of shares of Essex Property Trust, Inc. s common stock. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to Essex Property Trust, Inc. s stockholders and Essex Portfolio, L.P. s unitholders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our Company, our properties and our business. 
 Our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual operating results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 
 Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Operations 
 
 General real estate investment risks may adversely affect property income and values, and therefore our stock price may be adversely affected. If the communities and other real estate investments, including development and redevelopment properties, do not generate sufficient income to meet operating and financing expenses, cash flow and the ability to make distributions will be adversely affected. Income and growth from the communities may be further adversely affected by, among other things, the following factors, in addition to the other risk factors listed in this Item 1A: 
 changes in the general or local economic climate and demand for housing, including layoffs, industry slowdowns, relocations of employees from local employers, changing demographics, increased worker locational flexibility, and other events negatively impacting local employment rates, wages and the local economy; 
 changes in supply and cost of housing; 
 changing economic conditions, such as high inflationary periods in which our operating and financing costs may increase at a rate greater than our ability to increase rents, or deflationary periods where rents may decline more quickly relative to operating and financing costs; and 
 the appeal and desirability of our communities to tenants relative to other housing alternatives, including the size and amenity offerings, safety and location convenience, and our technology offerings. 
 
 Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents, and the Company may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire. If the Company is unable to promptly renew or re-let in place leases, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then the Company s results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. 
 
 Economic environments can negatively impact the Company s liquidity and operating results. In the event of a recession or other negative economic effects, the Company could incur reductions in rental and occupancy rates, property valuations and increases in costs. Any such recession or economic downturn may affect consumer confidence and spending and negatively impact the volume and pricing of real estate transactions, which could negatively affect the Company s liquidity and its ability to vary its portfolio promptly in response to changes to the economy. Furthermore, if residents do not increase their income, they may be unable or unwilling to pay rent. 
 
 Rent control, or other changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect the Company's operations, property values or expose us to liability. The Company must own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop its properties in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, rent control or stabilization laws, emergency orders, laws benefiting disabled persons, federal, state and local tax laws, landlord tenant laws, environmental laws, employment laws, immigration laws and other laws regulating housing or that are generally applicable to the Company's business and operations. Changes in, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations could expose the Company to liability and could require the Company to make significant unanticipated expenditures to address noncompliance. 
 
 Existing and future rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations, along with similar laws and regulations that expand tenants rights or impose additional costs on landlords, may reduce rental revenues or increase operating costs. Such laws and regulations limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants or recover increases in our operating expenses and could reduce the value of our communities or make it more difficult for us to dispose of properties in certain circumstances. Expenses associated with our investment in these communities, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from the community. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 The COVID-19 pandemic and the future outbreak of other contagious diseases could materially affect our business, financial condition, stock price, and results of operations. Uncertainty still surrounds the long-term impact of COVID-19. If there is a future outbreak of COVID-19 or other contagious diseases, the Company may again be subject to eviction moratoria, limits on rent increases and collection efforts, or may be legally required to or otherwise agree to restructure tenants rent obligations and may not be able to do so on terms as favorable to us as those currently in place. In the event of tenant nonpayment, default or bankruptcy, we may incur costs in protecting our investment, collecting delinquent rents, and re-leasing our property and have limited ability to renew existing leases or sign new leases at levels consistent with market rents. A new pandemic or disease outbreak may cause increased costs, lower profitability and market fluctuations that may affect our ability to obtain necessary funds for our business or negatively impact the ability of the Company s third-party mezzanine loan borrowers and preferred equity investment sponsors to repay the Company. 
 
 Acquisitions of communities involve various risks and uncertainties and may fail to meet expectations. The Company intends to continue to acquire apartment communities. However, acquisitions may fail to meet the Company s expectations due to factors including inaccurate estimates of future income, expenses and the costs of improvements or redevelopment. Further, the value and operational performance of an apartment community may be diminished if neighborhood changes occur before we are able to redevelop or sell the community. Also, in connection with such acquisitions, we may assume unknown or contingent liabilities, which could ultimately lead to material costs for us that we did not expect to incur and for which the Company may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the sellers. In addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with apartment communities may exceed our expectations, and we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The use of equity financing for future developments or acquisitions could dilute the interest of the Company s existing stockholders. If the Company finances new acquisitions under existing lines of credit, there is a risk that, unless the Company obtains substitute financing, the Company may not be able to undertake additional borrowing for further acquisitions or developments or such borrowing may be not available on advantageous terms. 
 
 Development and redevelopment activities may be delayed, not completed, and/or not achieve expected results. The Company pursues development and redevelopment projects, and those activities generally entail certain risks, including: 
 
 funds may be expended and management's time devoted to projects that may not be completed on time or at all; 
 construction costs may exceed original estimates possibly making some projects economically unfeasible; 
 projects may be delayed or abandoned due to, without limitation, weather conditions, labor or material shortages, municipal office closures and staff shortages, government recommended or mandated work stoppages, or environmental remediation; 
 occupancy rates and rents at a completed project may be less than anticipated; 
 expenses may be higher than anticipated, including, without limitation, due to inflationary pressures, supply chain issues, costs of litigation over construction contracts, environmental remediation or increased costs for labor, materials and leasing; 
 we may be unable to obtain, or experience a delay in obtaining, necessary governmental approvals or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or delay or abandonment of opportunities; 
 we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development or redevelopment of a community, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity; and 
 we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process. 
 
 The geographic concentration of the Company s communities and fluctuations in local markets may adversely impact the Company s financial condition and operating results. The Company s communities are concentrated in Northern and Southern California and the Seattle metropolitan area, which exposes the Company to greater economic risks. Factors that may adversely affect local market and economic conditions include regional specific acts of nature (e.g., earthquakes, fires, floods, etc.), layoffs affecting specific or broad sectors of the economy (such as technology-based companies), and those other factors listed in the risk factor titled General real estate investment risks may adversely affect property income and values and elsewhere in this Item 1A. 
 
 The Company is susceptible to adverse developments in economic and regulatory environments, such as increases in real estate and other taxes, and increased costs of complying with governmental regulations. The State of California recently experienced increased relocation out of the state and is generally regarded as more litigious, highly regulated and taxed than many states, which may reduce demand for the Company s communities. Any adverse developments in the economy or real estate markets in California or Washington, or any decrease in demand for the Company s communities resulting from the California or Washington regulatory or business environments, could have an adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 The Company may experience various increased costs, including increased property taxes, to own and maintain its properties. Real property taxes on our properties may increase as our properties are reassessed by taxing authorities or as property tax rates change. Our real estate taxes in Washington could increase as a result of property value reassessments or increased property tax rates. A California law commonly referred to as Proposition 13 Prop 13 generally limits annual real estate tax increases on California properties to 2 of assessed value. However, under Prop 13, property tax reassessment generally occurs as a result of a "change in ownership" of a property. Because the property taxing authorities may not determine whether there has been a "change in ownership" or the actual reassessed value of a property for a period of time after a transaction has occurred, we may not know the impact of a potential reassessment for a considerable amount of time following a particular transaction. Therefore, the amount of property taxes we are required to pay could increase substantially from the property taxes we currently pay or have paid in the past, including on a retroactive basis. Various initiatives to repeal or amend Prop 13, to eliminate its application to commercial and residential property, to increase the permitted annual real estate tax increases, and/or to introduce split tax roll legislation could increase the assessed value and/or tax rates applicable to commercial property in California. Further, changes in U.S. federal tax law could cause state and local governments to alter their taxation of real property. 
 
 The Company may experience increased costs associated with capital improvements and property maintenance as its properties advance through their life cycles. In some cases, we may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or maintenance, which could adversely impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Competition in the apartment community market and other housing alternatives may adversely affect operations and the rental demand for the Company s communities. There are numerous housing alternatives that compete with the Company s communities in attracting tenants, including other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes. Competitive housing in a particular area and fluctuations in cost of owner-occupied single- and multifamily homes caused by a decrease in housing prices, mortgage interest rates and/or government programs to promote home ownership or create additional rental and/or other types of housing, or an increase in desire for more space due to work-from-home needs or increased time spent at home, could adversely affect the Company s ability to retain its tenants, lease apartment homes and increase or maintain rents. If the demand for the Company s communities is reduced, rental rates may drop, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Company also faces competition from other businesses and other entities in the acquisition, development and operation of apartment communities. This competition may result in increased costs to acquire or develop apartment communities or impact the Company s ability to identify suitable acquisition or development transactions. 
 
 Investments in mortgages, mezzanine loans, subordinated debt, other real estate, and other marketable securities could adversely affect the Company s cash flow from operations. The Company may purchase or otherwise invest in securities issued by entities which own real estate and/or invest in mortgages or unsecured debt obligations. The Company may make or acquire mezzanine loans, which are generally subordinated loans. In general, investing in mortgages involves risk, including that the value of mortgaged property may be less than the amounts owed, causing realized or unrealized losses; the borrower may not pay indebtedness under the mortgage when due and amounts recovered by the Company in connection with related foreclosures may be less than the amount owed; interest rates payable on the mortgages may be lower than the Company s cost of funds; in the case of junior mortgages, foreclosure of a senior mortgage could eliminate the junior mortgage; delays in the collection of principal and interest if a borrower claims bankruptcy; possible senior lender default or overconcentration of senior lenders in portfolio; and unanticipated early prepayments may limit the Company s expected return on its investment. If any of the above were to occur, it could adversely affect the Company s cash flows from operations. 
 
 The Company s ownership of co-investments, including joint ventures and joint ownership of communities, its ownership of properties with shared facilities with a homeowners' association or other entity, its ownership of properties subject to a ground lease and its preferred equity investments and its other partial interests in entities that own communities, could limit the Company s ability to control such communities and may restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in these properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. The Company has entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, certain co-investments, including joint ventures or partnerships through which it owns an indirect economic interest in less than 100 of the community or land or other investments owned directly by the joint venture or partnership. Joint venture partners often have shared control over the development and operation of the joint venture assets, which may prevent the Company from taking action without the partners approval. A joint venture partner may have interests that are inconsistent with those of the Company or may take action contrary to the Company s interests or policies. Consequently, a joint venture partner's actions might subject property owned by the joint venture to additional risk. In some instances, the Company and the joint venture partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause the Company to sell its interest, or acquire a partner s interest, at a time when the Company otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. Should a joint venture partner become bankrupt, the Company could become liable for such partner s share of joint venture liabilities. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, the Company, through the Operating Partnership, makes certain co-investments in the form of preferred equity investments in third-party entities that have been formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing, financing, or managing real property. The Operating Partnership s interest in these entities is typically less than a majority of the outstanding voting interests of that entity, which may limit the Operating Partnership s ability to control the daily operations of such co-investment. The Operating Partnership may not be able to dispose of its interests in such co-investment. In the event that such co-investment or the partners in such co-investment become insolvent or bankrupt or fail to develop or operate the property in the manner anticipated, the Operating Partnership may not receive the expected return in its expected timeframe or at all and may lose up to its entire investment. Additionally, the preferred return negotiated on these co-investments may be lower than the Company's cost of funds. The Company may also incur losses if any guarantees or indemnifications were made by the Company. 
 
 The Company also owns properties indirectly under "DownREIT" structures. The Company has entered into, and in the future may enter into, transactions that could require the Company to pay the tax liabilities of partners that contribute assets into DownREITs, joint ventures or the Operating Partnership, in the event that certain taxable events, which are generally within the Company s control, occur. Although the Company plans to hold the contributed assets or, if such assets consist of real property, defer recognition of gain on sale of such assets pursuant to the like-kind exchange rules under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), the Company may not be able to do so and if such tax liabilities were incurred they could have a material impact on its financial position. 
 
 Also, from time to time, the Company invests in properties (i) which may be subject to certain shared facilities agreements with homeowners associations and other entities and/or (ii) subject to ground leases where a subtenant may have certain similar rights to that of a party under such a shared facilities agreements or where a master landlord may have certain rights to control the use, operation and/or repair of the property. In these arrangements, we cannot guarantee that the terms of the shared facilities agreements will be enforced or interpreted in favor of the Company, and the Company s inability to control expenditures, make necessary repairs and/or control certain decisions may adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations, and/or the property s safety, compliance with applicable laws, marketability or market value. 
 
 We may pursue acquisitions of other REITs and real estate companies, which may not yield anticipated results and could adversely affect our results of operations. We may make acquisitions of and/or investments in other REITs and real estate companies or enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures, which involves risks and uncertainties and may not be successful. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, or joint venture opportunities, consummate any such transactions or relationships on terms and conditions acceptable to us, or realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of any such acquisition. The integration of acquired businesses or other acquisitions may not be successful and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. Pre-acquisition property due diligence may not identify all material issues that might arise with respect to such acquired business and its properties or as to any such other acquisitions. Any future acquisitions we make may also require significant additional debt or equity financing, which, in the case of debt financing, would increase our leverage and potentially affect our credit ratings and, in the case of equity or equity-linked financing, could be dilutive to Essex's stockholders and the Operating Partnership's unitholders. Additionally, the value of these investments could decline for a variety of reasons. These and other factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and, therefore, the Company's ability to vary its portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions may be limited. Real estate investments are illiquid and, in our markets, can at times be difficult to sell at prices we find acceptable, which may limit our ability to promptly reduce our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions and otherwise may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company may not be able to lease its commercial space consistent with its projections or at market rates and the longer-term leases for existing space could result in below market rents over time. When leases for our existing commercial space expire, the space may not be relet on a timely basis, or at all, or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s portfolio may have environmental liabilities. Under various federal, state and local environmental and public health laws, regulations and ordinances, we have been required, and may be required in the future, regardless of our knowledge or responsibility, to provide warnings about certain chemicals, investigate and remediate the effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at our properties (including in some cases naturally occurring substances such as methane and radon gas) or properties that we acquire, develop, manage or directly or indirectly invest in. We may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to third parties for compliance and response costs, property damage, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the impacts resulting from such releases. While the Company is unaware of any such response action required or damage claims associated with its existing properties which would have a material adverse effect on our business, or results of operations, potential future costs and damage claims may be substantial. Further, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate any such impacts, may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, develop, sell or rent the affected property, including due to any liens imposed on the impacted property by any government agencies for penalties or damages. 
 
 The Company carries certain limited insurance coverage for this type of environmental risk as to its properties; however, such coverage is not fully available for all properties and, as to those properties for which limited coverage is fully available, it may be insufficient or may not apply to certain claims arising from known conditions present on those properties. While we conduct pre-acquisition and development Phase I environmental site assessments, such assessments may not discover, ascertain or quantify the full extent of the environmental conditions at or near a given property. 
 
 Mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials. The Company has adopted policies to address and resolve reports of mold when it is detected, and to minimize any impact mold might have on tenants of the affected property, however, the Company may not identify and respond to all mold occurrences. 
 
 The Company may incur general uninsured losses or may experience market conditions that impact the procurement of certain insurance policies. The Company purchases general liability and property, including loss of rent, insurance coverage for each of its communities and cyber risk insurance. The Company may also purchase limited earthquake, terrorism, environmental and flood insurance for some of its communities. However, there are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, pollution, environmental matters or extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, fires and floods that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles. The Company utilizes a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Pacific Western Insurance LLC ("PWI"), to self-insure certain earthquake and property losses for some of the communities in its portfolio. A decline in the value of the securities held by PWI may adversely affect PWI s ability to cover all or any portion of the amount of any insured losses. Despite our insurance coverage, the Company may incur material losses due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, and/or losses in excess of coverage limits. 
 
 Our communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity. The Company manages and evaluates its financial loss exposure to seismic events by using actuarial loss models and property vulnerability analyses based on structural evaluations by seismic consultants, and by making upgrades to certain properties to better resist seismic events and/or by purchasing seismic insurance in some cases. While the properties were built to the seismic codes in place at the time of construction, not all properties have been, or are required to be, retrofitted to the current seismic codes. Thus, some properties may be subject to physical risk associated with earthquakes, and may suffer significant damage, including, but not limited to, collapse for any number of reasons, including structural deficiencies. Seismic coverage is limited and may not cover the Company s seismic related losses. Thus, we cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than our current insured levels. 
 
 Our properties or markets may in the future be the target of actual or threatened terrorist attacks, shootings, or other acts of violence, which could directly or indirectly damage our communities both physically and financially, cause losses that exceed our insurance coverage, adversely affect the value of and our ability to operate our communities, subject us to significant liability claims, or otherwise impair our ability to achieve our expected results. 
 
 Although the Company may carry insurance for potential losses associated with its communities, employees, tenants, and compliance with applicable laws, it may still incur material losses due to uninsured risks, deductibles, copayments or losses in excess of applicable insurance coverage. In the event of a substantial loss, insurance coverage may not be able to cover the full replacement cost of the Company s lost investment, or the insurance carrier may become insolvent and not be able to cover the full amount of the insured losses. Changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also affect the Company s ability to replace or renovate an apartment community after it has been damaged or destroyed. In addition, certain causalities and/or losses incurred may expose the Company in the future to higher insurance premiums. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Climate change may adversely affect our business. As a result of climate change, we may experience extreme weather, an increased number of natural disasters and changes in precipitation, temperature and wild fire and drought exposure, all of which may result in physical damage, a decrease in demand for our communities located in these areas or affected by these conditions, damage to our properties, disruption of services at our properties or increased costs associated with maintaining or insuring our communities. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature or occur for lengthy periods of time, the types and pricing of insurance the Company is able to procure may be negatively impacted and our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. We could experience increased costs related to further developing our communities to mitigate the effects of climate change or repairing damage related to the effects of climate change that may or may not be fully covered by insurance. In addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased operating costs (for example, increased utility costs) and/or increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing communities (for example, increased costs associated with meeting electric vehicle charging mandates) and could also require us to spend more on our new development communities without a corresponding increase in revenue and could increase our exposure to new physical risks and liabilities (for example, we may see an increase in fires caused by electric vehicle chargers). 
 
 Accidental death or severe injuries at our communities due to fires, floods, other natural disasters or hazards could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our insurance coverage may not cover all losses associated with such events, and we may experience difficulty marketing communities where any such events have occurred, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Adverse changes in laws may adversely affect the Company's liabilities and/or operating costs relating to its properties and its operations. Increases in real estate taxes and income, service and transfer taxes cannot always be passed through to tenants in the form of higher rents, and may adversely affect the Company's cash available for distribution and its ability to make distributions and pay amounts due on its debts. Additionally, ongoing political volatility may increase the likelihood of significant changes in laws that could affect the Company's overall strategy. Changes in laws increasing the potential liability of the Company and/or its operating costs on a range of issues, including those regarding potential liability for other environmental conditions existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, as well as changes in laws affecting development, construction and safety requirements, may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, including without limitation, those related to structural or seismic retrofit or more costly operational safety systems and programs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 Failure to succeed in new markets may limit the Company s growth. The Company may make acquisitions or commence development activity outside of its existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise, which may expose the Company to new risks, including, but not limited to an inability to evaluate accurately local apartment market conditions and local economies; an inability to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities or to obtain land for development; an inability to hire and retain key personnel; and lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. 
 
 Our business and reputation depend on our ability to continue providing high quality housing and consistent operation of our communities, the failure of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We provide tenants with reliable services, including water and electric power, along with the consistent operation of our communities, including a wide variety of amenities. Public utilities, especially those that provide water and electric power, are fundamental for the consistent operation of our communities. The delayed delivery or any prolonged interruption of these services may cause tenants to terminate their leases or may result in a reduction of rents and/or increase in our costs or other issues. In addition, we may fail to provide quality housing and continuous access to amenities as a result of other factors, including government mandated closures, mechanical failure, power outage, human error, vandalism, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism or similar events. Such events may also expose us to additional liability claims and damage our reputation and brand and could cause tenants to terminate or not renew their leases, or prospective tenants to seek housing elsewhere. Any such failures could impair our ability to continue providing quality housing and consistent operation of our communities, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. The Company continually evaluates the recoverability of the carrying value of its real estate assets under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"). Factors considered in evaluating impairment of the Company s existing multifamily real estate assets held for investment include significant declines in property operating profits, recurring property operating losses and other significant adverse changes in general market conditions that are considered permanent in nature. Generally, a multifamily real estate asset held for investment is not considered impaired if the undiscounted, estimated future cash flows of the asset over its estimated holding period are in excess of the asset s net book value at the balance sheet date. Assumptions used to estimate annual and residual cash flow and the estimated holding period of such assets require the judgment of management. There can be no assurance that the Company will not take charges in the future related to the impairment of the Company s assets. Any future impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 We face risks associated with land holdings for future developments and related activities. Real estate markets are highly uncertain and the value of undeveloped may fluctuate significantly. In addition, carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses or reduced profitability. If there are subsequent changes in the fair value of our land holdings which we determine is less that the carrying basis of our land holdings reflected in our financial statements plus estimated costs to sell, we may be required to take future impairment changes which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or breach of the Company s privacy or information security systems, or those of our vendors or other third parties, could materially adversely affect the Company s business and financial condition. We rely on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, personally identifiable information PII ), and tenant and lease data. Our business requires us and some of our vendors to use and store PII and other sensitive information of our tenants and employees. The collection and use of PII is governed by federal and state laws and regulations. Privacy and information security laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. The Company endeavors to comply with all such laws and regulations, including by providing required disclosures, promptly responding to consumer requests for data, and seeking vendor compliance with applicable privacy and information security laws. Compliance with all such laws and regulations may increase the Company s operating costs and adversely impact the Company s ability to market the Company s properties and services. 
 
 Although we have taken steps to abide by privacy and security laws, and to protect the security of our information systems and maintain confidential tenant, prospective tenant and employee information, the compliance and security measures put in place by the Company, and such vendors, cannot guarantee perfect compliance or provide absolute security, and the Company and our vendors' compliance systems and/or information technology infrastructure may be vulnerable to criminal cyber-attacks or data security incidents, including ransom of data (such as, tenant and/or employee information), due to employee error, malfeasance, or other vulnerabilities. Any such incident could compromise the Company s or such vendors networks (or the networks or systems of third parties that facilitate the Company s or such vendors business activities), and the information stored by the Company or such vendors could be accessed, misused, publicly disclosed, corrupted, lost, or stolen, resulting in fraud, including wire fraud related to Company assets, or other harm. Moreover, if there is a compliance failure, or if a data security incident or breach affects the Company s systems or such vendors systems, whether through a breach of the Company s systems or a breach of the systems of third parties, or results in the unauthorized release of PII, the Company s reputation and brand could be materially damaged, which could increase our costs in attracting and retaining tenants, and other serious consequences may result. Potential other consequences include that the Company may be exposed to a risk of litigation, including government enforcement actions, private litigation or criminal penalties; and that the Company may be exposed to a risk of loss including loss related to the fact that agreements with such vendors, or such vendors financial condition, may not allow the Company to recover all costs related to a cyber-breach for which they alone or they and the Company should be jointly responsible for, which could result in a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Privacy and information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies, such as ransomware, and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. We maintain cyber risk insurance which may be insufficient in the event of a cyber-incident. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 In the future, the Company may expend additional resources to continue to enhance the Company s information security measures to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities and/or to further ensure compliance with privacy and information security laws. Despite these steps, the Company may suffer a significant data security incident in the future, unauthorized parties may gain access to sensitive data stored on the Company s systems, and any such incident may not be discovered in a timely manner. Further, the techniques used by criminals to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data, such as phishing are increasing in sophistication and are often novel or change frequently; accordingly, the Company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Any failure in or breach of the Company s information security systems, those of third party service providers, or a breach of other third party systems that ultimately impacts the operational or information security systems of the Company as a result of cyber-attacks or information security breaches could result in a wide range of potentially serious harm to our business and results of operations. 
 
 Reliance on third party software providers to host systems critical to our operations and to provide the Company with data. We rely on certain key software vendors to support business practices critical to our operations, including the collection of rent and ancillary income and communication with our tenants, and to provide us with data. The market is currently experiencing a consolidation of these software vendors, particularly in the multi-family space, which may negatively impact the Company s choice of vendor and pricing options. Moreover, if any of these key vendors were to terminate our relationship or access to data, or to fail, we could suffer losses while we sought to replace the services and information provided by the vendors. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financings 
 
 Capital and credit market conditions and volatility, including significant fluctuations in the price of the Company s stock, may affect the Company s access to sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could negatively affect the Company s business, stock price, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our current balance sheet, the debt capacity available on the unsecured line of credit with a diversified bank group, access to the public and private placement debt markets and secured debt financing providers provide some insulation from volatile capital markets. We primarily use external financing, including sales of debt and equity securities, to fund acquisitions, developments, and redevelopments and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. If sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to limit our acquisition, development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or distributing less than 100 of our REIT taxable income. In general, to the extent that the Company s access to capital and credit is at a higher cost than the Company has experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for debt financing or a lower stock price for equity financing without a corresponding change to investment cap rates) the Company s ability to make acquisitions, develop or redevelop communities, obtain new financing, and refinance existing borrowing at competitive rates could be adversely affected, which would impact the Company's financial standing and related credit rating. In addition, if our ability to obtain financing is adversely affected, the Company s stock price may be adversely affected, and we may be unable to satisfy scheduled maturities on existing financing through other sources of our liquidity, which, in the case of secured financings, could result in lender foreclosure on the apartment communities securing such debt. 
 
 Debt financing has inherent risks. The Company is subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including that cash flow may not be sufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest and the REIT distribution requirements of the Code; inability to renew, repay, or refinance maturing indebtedness on encumbered apartment communities on favorable terms or at all, possibly requiring the Company to sell a property or properties on disadvantageous terms; inability to comply with debt covenants could trigger cash management provisions limiting our ability to control cash flows, cause defaults, or an acceleration of maturity dates; paying debt before the scheduled maturity date could result in prepayment penalties; and defaulting on secured indebtedness may result in lenders seeking a foreclosure on communities or pursuing other remedies which would reduce the Company s income and net asset value, its ability to service other debt, or create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, thereby hindering our ability to meet REIT distribution requirements. Any of these risks might result in losses that could have an adverse effect on the Company and its ability to make distributions and pay amounts due on its debt. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund our operations, working capital and capital expenditures, depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing indebtedness or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms, which in either case could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Compliance requirements of tax-exempt financing and below market rent requirements may limit income from certain communities. The Company has, and expects to continue using, variable rate tax-exempt financing, which provides for certain deed restrictions and restrictive covenants. If the compliance requirements of the tax-exempt financing restrict our ability to increase our rental rates to certain tenants, or eligible/qualified tenants, then our income from these properties may be limited. While we generally believe that the interest rate benefit attendant to properties with tax-exempt bonds outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case. Some of these requirements are complex and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities. Certain state and local authorities may impose additional rental restrictions. These restrictions may limit income from the tax-exempt financed communities if the Company is required to decrease its rental rates. If the Company does not reserve the required number of apartment homes for tenants satisfying these income requirements, the tax-exempt status of the bonds may be terminated, the obligations under the bond documents may be accelerated and the Company may be subject to additional contractual liability. Notwithstanding the limitations due to tax-exempt financing requirements, the income from certain communities may be limited due to below-market rent requirements imposed by local authorities in connection with the original development of the community. 
 
 The indentures governing our notes and other financing arrangements contain restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility and restrict our ability to take specific actions, even if we believe such actions to be in our best interests, including restrictions on our ability to consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets; and incur additional secured and unsecured indebtedness. The instruments governing our other unsecured indebtedness require us to meet specified financial and other covenants, which may restrict our ability to expand or fully pursue our business strategies. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our indebtedness, which could cause those and other obligations to become due and payable. If any of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay it. 
 
 Uncertainty relating to the transition from LIBOR to SOFR may materially adversely affect us. The interest rate on certain of the Company s debt obligations has been based on LIBOR, which is expected to be fully phased out by the end of June 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has transitioned its unsecured debt obligations and the majority of its secured debt obligations to SOFR, the consensus alternative rate to LIBOR. While the transition to SOFR has not at this time caused any material impact to the Company s debt costs, it is impossible to predict the extent to which SOFR will increase or decrease in the future, whether and to what extent banks will continue to use SOFR as the standard benchmark interest rate or if there will be any changes in the method used for determining SOFR which may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in SOFR. If a published U.S. dollar SOFR rate is unavailable, the interest rates on certain of the Company s debt obligations could change. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our financing costs, and as a result, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Interest rate hedging arrangements may result in losses. The Company from time to time uses interest rate swaps and interest rate caps to manage certain interest rate risks. Although these agreements may partially protect against rising interest rates, they also may reduce the benefits to the Company if interest rates decline. If a hedging arrangement is not indexed to the same rate as the indebtedness that is hedged, the Company may be exposed to losses to the extent that the rate governing the indebtedness and the rate governing the hedging arrangement change independently of each other. Finally, nonperformance by the other party to the hedging arrangement may subject the Company to increased credit risks. 
 
 A downgrade in the Company's investment grade credit rating could materially and adversely affect its business and financial condition. The Company plans to manage its operations to maintain its investment grade credit rating with a capital structure consistent with its current profile, but there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain its current credit ratings. Any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on the Company s cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, as well as the Company's stock price. 
 
 Changes in the Company s financing policy may lead to higher levels of indebtedness. The Company manages its debt to be in compliance with debt covenants under its unsecured bank facilities and senior unsecured bonds. However, the Company may increase the amount of outstanding debt at any time without a concurrent improvement in the Company s ability to service the additional debt. Accordingly, the Company could become more leveraged, resulting in an increased risk of default on its debt covenants or on its debt obligations and in an increase in debt service requirements. Any covenant breach or significant increase in the Company s leverage could materially adversely affect the Company s financial condition and ability to access debt and equity capital markets in the future. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 If the Company or any of its subsidiaries defaults on an obligation to repay outstanding indebtedness when due, the default could trigger a cross-default or cross-acceleration under other indebtedness. A default, including a default under mortgage indebtedness, lines of credit, bank term loan, the indenture for the Company s outstanding senior notes, or the Company s interest rate hedging arrangements that is not waived by the applicable required lenders, holders of outstanding notes or counterparties could trigger cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions under one or more agreements governing the Company s indebtedness, which could cause an immediate default or allow the lenders to declare all funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable. 
 
 The Company could be negatively impacted by the condition of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac and by changes in government support for multifamily housing. While we believe Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will continue to provide liquidity to our sector, should they discontinue doing so, have their mandates changed or reduced or be disbanded or reorganized by the government or if there is reduced government support for multifamily housing more generally, it may adversely affect interest rates, capital availability, development of multifamily communities and the value of multifamily residential real estate and, as a result, may adversely affect the Company and its growth and operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Personnel 
 
 The Company depends on its personnel, whose continued service is not guaranteed. The Company s success depends on its ability to attract, train and retain executive officers, senior officers and company managers. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry and the departure of any of the Company s key personnel could have an adverse effect on the Company. While the Company engages in regular succession planning for key positions, the Company s plans may be impacted and therefore adjusted due to the departure of any key personnel. Additionally, executive leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage and, as a result, we may experience some disruption to our business. The Company must continue to recruit, train and retain qualified operational staff at its properties, which may be difficult in a highly competitive job market. Changes to our Company s operational structure could result in an increase in issues or departures among our operational staff. Additionally, we could be subject to labor union efforts to organize our employees from time to time and, if successful, those organizational efforts may decrease our operational flexibility and increase operational costs. 
 
 The Company s Chairman is involved in other real estate activities and investments, which may lead to conflicts of interest. The Company s Chairman, George M. Marcus, is not an employee of the Company, and is involved in other real estate activities and investments, which may lead to conflicts of interest. Mr. Marcus owns interests in various other real estate-related businesses and investments. He is the Chairman of the Marcus Millichap Company ("MMC"), which is a parent company of a diversified group of real estate service, investment and development firms. Mr. Marcus is also the Chairman of and holds a controlling interest in, Marcus Millichap, Inc., a national brokerage firm. While conflict of interest protocols and agreements are in place, Mr. Marcus and his affiliated entities may potentially compete with the Company in acquiring and/or developing apartment communities. Due to potential competition for real estate investments, Mr. Marcus and his affiliated entities may have a conflict of interest with the Company, which may be detrimental to the interests of Essex's stockholders and the Operating Partnership's unitholders. 
 
 The influence of executive officers, directors, and significant stockholders may be detrimental to holders of common stock. Mr. Marcus currently does not have majority control over the Company. However, he has, and likely will continue to have, significant influence with respect to the election of directors and approval or disapproval of significant corporate actions. Consequently, his influence could result in decisions that do not reflect the interests of all the Company s stockholders. 
 
 Under the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, the consent of the holders of limited partnership interests is generally required for certain amendments of the agreement and for certain extraordinary actions. Through their ownership of limited partnership interests and their positions with the Company, the Company s directors and executive officers, including Mr. Marcus, have substantial influence on the Company. Consequently, their influence could result in decisions that do not reflect the interests of all stockholders. 
 
 Our related party guidelines may not adequately address all of the issues that may arise with respect to related party transactions. The Company has adopted "Related Party Transaction Approval Process Guidelines" that are intended to determine whether a particular related party transaction is fair, reasonable and serves the interests of the Company s stockholders. Pursuant to these guidelines, related party transactions have been approved by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors Board from time to time. There is no assurance that this policy will be adequate for determining whether a particular related party transaction is suitable and fair for the Company. Also, the policy s procedures may not identify and address all the potential issues and conflicts of interests with a related party transaction. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Employee theft or fraud could result in loss. Should any employee compromise our information technology systems, commit fraud or theft of the Company s assets, or misappropriate tenant or other information, we could incur losses, including significant financial or reputational harm, from which full recovery cannot be assured. We also may not have insurance that covers any losses in full or that covers losses from particular criminal acts. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxes, Our Status as a REIT and Our Organizational Structure 
 
 Failure to generate sufficient rental revenue or other liquidity needs and impacts of economic conditions could limit cash flow available for dividend distributions, as well as the form and timing of such distributions, to Essex's stockholders or the Operating Partnership's unitholders. Significant expenditures associated with each community such as debt service payments, if any, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from a community. The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the Board and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and other factors as the Board may consider relevant. The Board may modify our dividend policy from time to time. 
 
 Essex may choose to pay dividends in its own stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay applicable taxes, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, the trading price of Essex's stock would experience downward pressure if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of Essex's stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends. 
 
 The Maryland Business Combination Act may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or change in control of the Company that might involve a premium price for the Company's stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. Under the Maryland Business Combination Act (the MBCA ), certain "business combinations", including a merger, between a Maryland corporation and certain interested stockholders or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and must be approved pursuant to certain supermajority voting requirements, subject to certain exemptions which include business combinations that are exempted by the Board prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to this exemption, the Board irrevocably has elected to exempt any business combination among the Company, Mr. Marcus and MMC or any entity owned or controlled by Mr. Marcus and MMC. However, other transactions with interested stockholders subject to the MBCA may be delayed or may not meet the related supermajority voting or other requirements of the MBCA, which may delay or prevent the consummation of such transactions. 
 
 Certain provisions contained in the Operating Partnership agreement, Charter and Bylaws, and certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law could delay, defer or prevent a change in control. While the Company is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, and generally has full and exclusive responsibility and discretion in the management and control of the Operating Partnership, certain provisions of the Operating Partnership agreement may limit the Company s power to act with respect to the Operating Partnership, which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that may otherwise be in the best interests of its stockholders or that could otherwise adversely affect their interests. 
 
 The Company s Charter authorizes the issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock and the setting of the preferences, rights and other terms of such stock without the approval of the holders of the common stock. The Company may establish one or more classes or series of stock that could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control, or otherwise create rights that could. adversely affect the interests of holders of common stock. Additionally, the Company s Charter contains provisions limiting the transferability and ownership of shares of capital stock, which may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control, or discourage tender offers. 
 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL restricts the voting rights of holders of shares deemed to be "control shares." Although the Bylaws exempt the Company from the control share provisions of the MGCL, the Board may amend or eliminate the provisions of the Bylaws at any time in the future. Moreover, any such amendment or elimination of such provision of the Bylaws may result in the application of the control share provisions of the MGCL. If the provisions of the Bylaws are amended or eliminated, the control share provisions of the MGCL could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or change in control. 
 
 The Company s Charter and Bylaws as well as the MGCL also contain other provisions that may impede various actions by stockholders without approval by the Board, and that in turn may delay, defer or prevent a transaction. Those provisions 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 include, among others, directors may be removed by stockholders, without cause, only upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of the directors, and with cause, only upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of the directors; the Board can fix the number of directors and fill vacant directorships upon the vote of a majority of the directors and the Board can classify the board such that the entire board is not up for re-election annually; stockholders must give advance notice to nominate directors or propose business for consideration at a stockholders meeting; and for stockholders to call a special meeting, the meeting must be requested by not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. 
 
 Loss of the Company's REIT status would have significant adverse consequences to the Company and the value of the Company's common stock . The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT, which requires it to satisfy various annual and quarterly requirements, including income, asset and distribution tests. Although the Company intends that its current organization and method of operation enable it to qualify as a REIT, it cannot assure you that it so qualifies or that it will be able to remain so qualified in the future. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on the Company s taxable income, and the Company would not be allowed to deduct dividends paid to its stockholders in computing its taxable income. The Company would also be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which the Company failed to qualify, unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions. The additional tax liability would reduce its net earnings available for investment or distributions, and the Company would no longer be required to make distributions to its stockholders for the purpose of maintaining REIT status. As a result of all these factors, the Company s failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair its ability to expand its business and raise capital, and could adversely affect the value and market price of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may affect our profitability and may force us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. To qualify as a REIT, we must continually satisfy certain asset, income and distribution tests and other requirements, which could materially and adversely affect us. We may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments in order to satisfy the asset and income tests or to qualify under certain statutory relief provisions. We also may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. As a result, having to comply with the distribution requirement could cause us to: (1) sell assets in adverse market conditions; (2) borrow on unfavorable terms; or (3) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. Moreover, if we are compelled to liquidate our investments to meet any of these asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to REITs or may be subject to a 100 tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions. . 
 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on the Company or its stockholders. Changes to federal income tax laws, with or without retroactive legislation, could adversely affect the Company or its stockholders. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the Company s ability to qualify as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Company. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. 
 
 Failure of one or more of the Company s subsidiaries to qualify as a REIT could adversely affect the Company s ability to qualify as a REIT. The Company owns interests in multiple subsidiary REITs that have elected to be taxed as REITs under the Code. These subsidiary REITs are subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations that are applicable to the Company. If any of the Company s subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then the subsidiary REIT would become subject to federal income tax and the Company s ownership of shares in such subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs. If any of the Company s subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as REITs, it is possible that the Company could also fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 The tax imposed on REITs engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit the Company s ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. Under the Code, unless certain exceptions apply, any gain resulting from transfers or dispositions of properties that the Company holds as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business could be treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100 penalty tax, which could potentially adversely impact our status as a REIT. Since the Company acquires properties for investment purposes, it does not believe that its occasional transfers or disposals of property should be treated as prohibited transactions. However, if the Internal Revenue Service successfully contends that certain transfers or disposals of properties by the Company are prohibited transactions, then the Company would be required to pay a 100 penalty tax on any gain allocable to it from the prohibited transaction, and the Company s ability to retain proceeds from real property sales may be jeopardized. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends payable by REITs may be taxed at higher rates than dividends of non-REIT corporations, which could reduce the net cash received by stockholders and may be detrimental to the Company s ability to raise additional funds through any future sale of its stock. Dividends paid by REITs to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates are generally not eligible for the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividends received from non-REIT corporations. U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct 20 of ordinary dividends from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs, such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends. This may cause investors to view REIT investments as less attractive than investments in non-REIT corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of stock in REITs. 
 
 We may face risks in connection with Section 1031 exchanges. We occasionally dispose of real properties in transactions intended to qualify as "like-kind exchanges" under Section 1031 of the Code. If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of real properties on a tax deferred basis. 
 
 Partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us. It is possible that partnerships in which we directly or indirectly invest would be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and penalties as a result of a partnership tax audit adjustment. We, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though Essex, as a REIT, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level taxes had we owned the assets of the partnership directly. The partnership tax audit rules apply to Essex Portfolio, L.P. and its subsidiaries that are classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance that these rules will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 We may from time to time be subject to litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of these claims may result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, covered by insurance, the payment of which could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. In addition, certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage and expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured. Litigation, including anti-trust litigation, even if resolved in our favor, could adversely impact our reputation, which could negatively impact our operations and cash flow. 
 
 Rising interest rates may affect the Company s costs of capital and financing activities and results of operation and otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Interest rates could increase, which could result in higher interest expense on the Company s variable rate indebtedness or increase interest rates when refinancing maturing fixed rate debt. Prolonged interest rate increases could negatively impact the Company s ability to make acquisitions and develop projects with positive economic returns on investment and to refinance existing borrowings. 
 
 The soundness of financial institutions could adversely affect us. We maintain cash and cash equivalent balances generally in excess of federally insured limits at a limited number of financial institutions. The failure of one or more of these financial institutions may materially adversely affect our ability to recover our cash balances or our 401(k) assets. Certain financial institutions are lenders under our credit facilities, and, from time to time, we execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. In the event that the volatility of the financial markets adversely affects these financial institutions or counterparties, we, or other parties to the transactions with us, may be unable to complete transactions as intended, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, certain of our tax-exempt bond financing documents require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial institution of payment of the principal and interest on the bonds. The guarantee may take the form of a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional collateral. If the financial institution defaults in its guarantee obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur under the applicable tax-exempt bonds and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the bonds. 
 
 The price per share of the Company s stock may fluctuate significantly. The market price per share of the Company s common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, including the factors discussed in this Item 1A, and actual or anticipated variations in the Company s quarterly operating results, earnings estimates, or dividends, the resale of substantial amounts of the Company's stock, or the anticipation of such resale, general stock and bond market conditions, the general reputation of REITs and the Company, shifts in our investor base, natural disasters, armed conflict or geopolitical impacts, including, the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, or an active shooter incident. Many of these factors are beyond the 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Company s control and may cause the market price of the Company s common stock to decline, regardless of the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or business prospects. 
 
 The Company s future issuances of common stock, preferred stock or convertible debt securities could be dilutive to current stockholders and adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock. In order to finance the Company s acquisition and development activities, the Company could issue and sell common stock, preferred stock and convertible debt securities, including pursuant to its equity distribution program, issue partnership units in the Operating Partnership, or enter into joint ventures which may dilute stockholder ownership in the Company and could adversely affect the market price of the common stock. 
 
 Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations. The Board determines our major policies, including our policies regarding investments, financing, growth, debt capitalization, REIT qualification and distributions. The Board may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. In addition, pursuant to the MGCL, all matters other than the election or removal of a director must be declared advisable by the Board prior to a stockholder vote. 
 
 Our score by proxy advisory firms or other corporate governance consultants advising institutional investors, as well as the increased attention to certain environmental, social and governance matters, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, the perception of our corporate governance, and thereby negatively impact the market price of our common stock. Various proxy advisory firms and other corporate governance consultants advising institutional investors provide scores of our governance measures, nominees for election as directors, executive compensation practices, environmental, social and governance ESG matters, and other matters that may be submitted to stockholders for consideration at our annual meetings. From time to time certain matters that we propose for approval may not receive a favorable score, or may result in a recommendation against the nominee or matter proposed. Some investors and financial institutions use ESG or sustainability scores, ratings or benchmarks to make financing, investment and voting decisions. These unfavorable scores may lead to rejected proposals or a loss of stockholder confidence in our corporate governance measures, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Corporate responsibility, specifically related to ESG factors, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. The Company and many of its investors and potential investors are focused on positive ESG business practices and sustainability scores to guide their investment strategies, including the decisions whether to invest in our common stock. Additionally, the SEC continues to issue evolving rules relating to climate risk disclosures, human capital management and other ESG matters and other regulatory bodies have issued new laws or regulations relating to board structure. Although the Company makes ESG disclosures and undertakes sustainability and diversity initiatives, the Company may not score highly on ESG matters in the future and may face increased costs in order to make such disclosures. If the criteria by which companies are rated changes, the Company may perform differently or worse than it has in the past, or it may become more expensive for the Company to access capital. The Company may face reputational damage in the event its corporate responsibility procedures, or its board structure, do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. Further, if we fail to comply with new ESG-related laws, regulations, expectations or reporting requirements, or if we are perceived as failing, our reputation and business could be adversely impacted. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the price of the Company s stock and the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In addition, investments to attain an ESG outcome may not perform as expected, resulting in losses. 
 
 We could face adverse consequences as a result of actions of activist investors. Responding to stockholder activism or engaging in a process or proxy contest may be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of our management team and our employees from executing our business plan, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Expanding social media vehicles present new risks . The use of social media could cause us to suffer brand damage or information leakage. Negative posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation. In addition, employees or others might disclose non-public sensitive information relating to our business through external media channels. The continuing evolution of social media will present us with new challenges and risks. 
 
 Any material weaknesses identified in the Company's internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on the Company s stock price. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires the Company to evaluate and report on its internal control over financial reporting. If the Company identifies one or more material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting, the Company could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of its financial reports, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Company s stock price. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None . 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company s portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (including communities owned by unconsolidated joint ventures, but excluding communities underlying preferred equity investments) was comprised of 252 stabilized operating apartment communities (comprising 62,147 apartment homes), of which 26,374 apartment homes are located in Southern California, 23,248 apartment homes are located in Northern California, and 12,525 apartment homes are located in the Seattle metropolitan area. The Company s apartment communities accounted for 99.0 of the Company s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Occupancy Rates 
 
 Financial occupancy is defined as the percentage resulting from dividing actual rental income by total scheduled rental income. Total scheduled rental income represents the value of all apartment homes, with occupied apartment homes valued at contractual rental rates pursuant to leases and vacant apartment homes valued at estimated market rents. When calculating actual rents for occupied apartment homes and market rents for vacant apartment homes, delinquencies and concessions are not taken into account. The Company believes that financial occupancy is a meaningful measure of occupancy because it considers the value of each vacant unit at its estimated market rate. Financial occupancy may not completely reflect short-term trends in physical occupancy and financial occupancy rates, and the Company's calculation of financial occupancy may not be comparable to financial occupancy as disclosed by other REITs. Market rates are determined using the recently signed effective rates on new leases at the property and are used as the starting point in the determination of the market rates of vacant apartment homes. The Company may increase or decrease these rates based on a variety of factors, including overall supply and demand for housing, concentration of new apartment deliveries within the same submarket which can cause periodic disruption due to greater rental concessions to increase leasing velocity, and rental affordability. 
 
 For communities that are development properties in lease-up without stabilized occupancy figures, the Company believes the physical occupancy rate is the appropriate performance metric. While a community is in the lease-up phase, the Company s primary motivation is to stabilize the property, which may entail the use of rent concessions and other incentives, and thus financial occupancy which is based on contractual income is not considered the best metric to quantify occupancy. 
 
 Communities 
 
 The Company s communities are primarily urban and suburban high density wood frame communities comprising of three to seven stories above grade construction with structured parking situated on 1-10 acres of land with densities averaging between 30-80+ units per acre. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s communities include 104 garden-style, 138 mid-rise, and 10 high-rise communities. Garden-style communities are generally defined as on-grade properties with two and/or three-story buildings with no structured parking while mid-rise communities are generally defined as properties with three to seven story buildings and some structured parking. High-rise communities are typically defined as properties with buildings that are greater than seven stories, are steel or concrete framed, and frequently have structured parking. The communities have an average of approximately 247 apartment homes, with a mix of studio, one-, two- and some three-bedroom apartment homes. A wide variety of amenities are available at the Company s communities, including covered parking, fireplaces, swimming pools, clubhouses with fitness facilities, playground areas and dog parks. 
 
 The Company hires, trains and supervises on-site service and maintenance personnel. The Company believes that the following primary factors enhance the Company s ability to retain tenants: 
 
 located near employment centers; 
 attractive communities that are well maintained; and 
 proactive customer service. 
 
 Commercial Buildings 
 
 The Company owns three commercial buildings with approximately 283,000 square feet located in California and Washington, of which the Company occupied approximately 13,000 square feet as of December 31, 2022. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, the commercial buildings' physical occupancy rate was 83 consisting of 7 tenants, including the Company. 
 
 Operating Portfolio 
 
 The table below describes the Company s operating portfolio as of December 31, 2022. (See Note 8, "Mortgage Notes Payable" to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 information about the Company s secured mortgage debt and Schedule III thereto for a list of secured mortgage loans related to the Company s portfolio.) 
 Apartment Year Year Communities (1) 
 Location Type Homes Built Acquired (20) 
 Occupancy (2) 
 Southern California Alpine Village Alpine, CA Garden 301 1971 2002 96 Barkley, The (3)(4) 
 Anaheim, CA Garden 161 1984 2000 97 Park Viridian Anaheim, CA Mid-rise 320 2008 2014 96 Bonita Cedars Bonita, CA Garden 120 1983 2002 97 The Village at Toluca Lake Burbank, CA Mid-rise 145 1974 2017 97 Camarillo Oaks Camarillo, CA Garden 564 1985 1996 96 Camino Ruiz Square Camarillo, CA Garden 159 1990 2006 98 Pinnacle at Otay Ranch I II Chula Vista, CA Mid-rise 364 2001 2014 97 Mesa Village Clairemont, CA Garden 133 1963 2002 96 Villa Siena Costa Mesa, CA Garden 272 1974 2014 96 Emerald Pointe Diamond Bar, CA Garden 160 1989 2014 97 Regency at Encino Encino, CA Mid-rise 75 1989 2009 98 The Havens (5) 
 Fountain Valley, CA Garden 440 1969 2014 96 Valley Park Fountain Valley, CA Garden 160 1969 2001 97 Capri at Sunny Hills (4) 
 Fullerton, CA Garden 102 1961 2001 95 Haver Hill (6) 
 Fullerton, CA Garden 264 1973 2012 96 Pinnacle at Fullerton Fullerton, CA Mid-rise 192 2004 2014 97 Wilshire Promenade Fullerton, CA Mid-rise 149 1992 1997 97 Montejo Apartments Garden Grove, CA Garden 124 1974 2001 97 The Henley I Glendale, CA Mid-rise 83 1974 1999 96 The Henley II Glendale, CA Mid-rise 132 1970 1999 96 CBC and The Sweeps Goleta, CA Garden 239 1962 2006 99 Huntington Breakers Huntington Beach, CA Mid-rise 342 1984 1997 97 The Huntington Huntington Beach, CA Garden 276 1975 2012 97 Hillsborough Park (7) 
 La Habra, CA Garden 235 1999 1999 97 Village Green La Habra, CA Garden 272 1971 2014 96 The Palms at Laguna Niguel Laguna Niguel, CA Garden 460 1988 2014 96 Trabuco Villas Lake Forest, CA Mid-rise 132 1985 1997 98 Marbrisa Long Beach, CA Mid-rise 202 1987 2002 96 Pathways at Bixby Village Long Beach, CA Garden 296 1975 1991 96 5600 Wilshire Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 284 2008 2014 97 Alessio Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 624 2001 2014 96 Ashton Sherman Village Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 264 2014 2016 97 Avant Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 440 2014 2015 95 The Avery Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 121 2014 2014 96 Bellerive Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 63 2011 2011 97 Belmont Station Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 275 2009 2009 96 Bunker Hill Los Angeles, CA High-rise 456 1968 1998 95 Catalina Gardens Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 128 1987 2014 95 Cochran Apartments Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 58 1989 1998 96 Emerson Valley Village Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 144 2012 2016 97 Gas Company Lofts (6) 
 Los Angeles, CA High-rise 251 2004 2013 96 The Blake LA Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 196 1979 1997 97 Marbella Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 60 1991 2005 96 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Apartment Year Year Communities (1) 
 Location Type Homes Built Acquired (20) 
 Occupancy (2) 
 Pacific Electric Lofts (8) 
 Los Angeles, CA High-rise 314 2006 2012 95 Park Catalina Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 90 2002 2012 96 Park Place Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 60 1988 1997 96 Regency Palm Court Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 116 1987 2014 89 Santee Court Los Angeles, CA High-rise 165 2004 2010 95 Santee Village Los Angeles, CA High-rise 73 2011 2011 95 Tiffany Court Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 101 1987 2014 97 Wallace on Sunset Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 200 2021 2021 95 Wilshire La Brea Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 478 2014 2014 96 Windsor Court Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 95 1987 2014 93 Windsor Court Los Angeles, CA Mid-rise 58 1988 1997 96 Aqua at Marina Del Rey Marina Del Rey, CA Mid-rise 500 2001 2014 97 Marina City Club (9) 
 Marina Del Rey, CA Mid-rise 101 1971 2004 99 Mirabella Marina Del Rey, CA Mid-rise 188 2000 2000 96 Mira Monte Mira Mesa, CA Garden 354 1982 2002 97 Hillcrest Park Newbury Park, CA Garden 608 1973 1998 95 Fairway Apartments at Big Canyon (10) 
 Newport Beach, CA Mid-rise 74 1972 1999 93 Muse North Hollywood, CA Mid-rise 152 2011 2011 96 Country Villas Oceanside, CA Garden 180 1976 2002 97 Mission Hills Oceanside, CA Garden 282 1984 2005 96 Renaissance at Uptown Orange Orange, CA Mid-rise 460 2007 2014 96 Mariner's Place Oxnard, CA Garden 105 1987 2000 97 Monterey Villas Oxnard, CA Garden 122 1974 1997 95 Tierra Vista Oxnard, CA Mid-rise 404 2001 2001 96 Arbors at Parc Rose (8) 
 Oxnard, CA Mid-rise 373 2001 2011 96 The Hallie Pasadena, CA Mid-rise 292 1972 1997 97 The Stuart Pasadena, CA Mid-rise 188 2007 2014 97 Villa Angelina Placentia, CA Garden 256 1970 2001 97 Fountain Park Playa Vista, CA Mid-rise 705 2002 2004 96 Highridge (4) 
 Rancho Palos Verdes, CA Mid-rise 255 1972 1997 96 Cortesia Rancho Santa Margarita, CA Garden 308 1999 2014 96 Pinnacle at Talega San Clemente, CA Mid-rise 362 2002 2014 96 Allure at Scripps Ranch San Diego, CA Mid-rise 194 2002 2014 97 Bernardo Crest San Diego, CA Garden 216 1988 2014 97 Cambridge Park San Diego, CA Mid-rise 320 1998 2014 96 Carmel Creek San Diego, CA Garden 348 2000 2014 96 Carmel Landing San Diego, CA Garden 356 1989 2014 95 Carmel Summit San Diego, CA Mid-rise 246 1989 2014 97 CentrePointe San Diego, CA Garden 224 1974 1997 95 Esplanade (5) 
 San Diego, CA Garden 616 1986 2014 96 Form 15 San Diego, CA Mid-rise 242 2014 2016 97 Montanosa San Diego, CA Garden 472 1990 2014 97 Summit Park San Diego, CA Garden 300 1972 2002 97 Essex Skyline (11) 
 Santa Ana, CA High-rise 350 2008 2010 94 Fairhaven Apartments (4) 
 Santa Ana, CA Garden 164 1970 2001 97 Parkside Court (5) 
 Santa Ana, CA Mid-rise 210 1986 2014 97 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Apartment Year Year Communities (1) 
 Location Type Homes Built Acquired (20) 
 Occupancy (2) 
 Pinnacle at MacArthur Place Santa Ana, CA Mid-rise 253 2002 2014 96 Hope Ranch Santa Barbara, CA Garden 108 1965 2007 97 Bridgeport Coast (12) 
 Santa Clarita, CA Mid-rise 188 2006 2014 96 Meadowood (7) 
 Simi Valley, CA Garden 320 1986 1996 95 Shadow Point Spring Valley, CA Garden 172 1983 2002 96 The Fairways at Westridge (12) 
 Valencia, CA Mid-rise 234 2004 2014 97 The Vistas of West Hills (12) 
 Valencia, CA Mid-rise 220 2009 2014 97 Allegro Valley Village, CA Mid-rise 97 2010 2010 97 Lofts at Pinehurst, The Ventura, CA Garden 118 1971 1997 96 Pinehurst (13) 
 Ventura, CA Garden 28 1973 2004 99 Woodside Village Ventura, CA Garden 145 1987 2004 97 Passage Buena Vista (14) 
 Vista, CA Garden 179 2020 2021 96 Walnut Heights Walnut, CA Garden 163 1964 2003 97 The Dylan West Hollywood, CA Mid-rise 184 2014 2014 95 The Huxley West Hollywood, CA Mid-rise 187 2014 2014 96 Reveal Woodland Hills, CA Mid-rise 438 2010 2011 96 Avondale at Warner Center Woodland Hills, CA Mid-rise 446 1970 1999 96 Vela (16) 
 Woodland Hills, CA Mid-rise 379 2018 2022 95 26,374 96 Northern California Belmont Terrace Belmont, CA Mid-rise 71 1974 2006 96 Fourth U Berkeley, CA Mid-rise 171 2010 2010 94 The Commons Campbell, CA Garden 264 1973 2010 97 Pointe at Cupertino Cupertino, CA Garden 116 1963 1998 97 Connolly Station Dublin, CA Mid-rise 309 2014 2014 96 Avenue 64 Emeryville, CA Mid-rise 224 2007 2014 95 The Courtyards at 65th Street (15) 
 Emeryville, CA Mid-rise 331 2004 2019 94 Emme Emeryville, CA Mid-rise 190 2015 2015 94 Foster's Landing Foster City, CA Garden 490 1987 2014 96 Stevenson Place Fremont, CA Garden 200 1975 2000 95 Mission Peaks Fremont, CA Mid-rise 453 1995 2014 96 Mission Peaks II Fremont, CA Garden 336 1989 2014 97 Paragon Apartments Fremont, CA Mid-rise 301 2013 2014 96 Boulevard Fremont, CA Garden 172 1978 1996 97 Briarwood (8) 
 Fremont, CA Garden 160 1978 2011 97 The Woods (8) 
 Fremont, CA Garden 160 1978 2011 96 The Rexford (16) 
 Fremont, CA Garden 203 1973 2021 96 City Centre (12) 
 Hayward, CA Mid-rise 192 2000 2014 97 City View Hayward, CA Garden 572 1975 1998 97 Lafayette Highlands Lafayette, CA Garden 150 1973 2014 95 777 Hamilton (17) 
 Menlo Park, CA Mid-rise 195 2017 2019 95 Apex Milpitas, CA Mid-rise 367 2014 2014 96 Regency at Mountain View (6) 
 Mountain View, CA Mid-rise 142 1970 2013 96 Bridgeport (7) 
 Newark, CA Garden 184 1987 1987 97 The Landing at Jack London Square Oakland, CA Mid-rise 282 2001 2014 96 The Grand Oakland, CA High-rise 243 2009 2009 95 The Galloway Pleasanton, CA Mid-rise 506 2016 2016 96 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Apartment Year Year Communities (1) 
 Location Type Homes Built Acquired (20) 
 Occupancy (2) 
 Radius Redwood City, CA Mid-rise 264 2015 2015 95 Township Redwood City, CA Mid-rise 132 2014 2019 95 San Marcos Richmond, CA Mid-rise 432 2003 2003 96 500 Folsom (14) 
 San Francisco, CA High-rise 537 2021 2021 95 Bennett Lofts San Francisco, CA Mid-rise 164 2004 2012 82 Fox Plaza San Francisco, CA High-rise 445 1968 2013 96 MB 360 San Francisco, CA Mid-rise 360 2014 2014 96 Park West San Francisco, CA Mid-rise 126 1958 2012 95 101 San Fernando San Jose, CA Mid-rise 323 2001 2010 96 360 Residences (15) 
 San Jose, CA Mid-rise 213 2010 2017 94 Bella Villagio San Jose, CA Mid-rise 231 2004 2010 96 Century Towers (14) 
 San Jose, CA High-rise 376 2017 2017 96 Enso San Jose, CA Mid-rise 183 2014 2015 97 Epic San Jose, CA Mid-rise 769 2013 2013 96 Esplanade San Jose, CA Mid-rise 278 2002 2004 97 Fountains at River Oaks San Jose, CA Mid-rise 226 1990 2014 97 Marquis San Jose, CA Mid-rise 166 2015 2016 96 Meridian at Midtown (15) 
 San Jose, CA Mid-rise 218 2015 2018 95 Mio San Jose, CA Mid-rise 103 2015 2016 97 Palm Valley San Jose, CA Mid-rise 1,100 2008 2014 96 Patina at Midtown (14) 
 San Jose, CA Mid-rise 269 2021 2021 95 Sage at Cupertino (4) 
 San Jose, CA Garden 230 1971 2017 95 Silver (14) 
 San Jose, CA Mid-rise 268 2019 2021 94 The Carlyle (7) 
 San Jose, CA Garden 132 2000 2000 96 The Waterford San Jose, CA Mid-rise 238 2000 2000 96 Willow Lake San Jose, CA Mid-rise 508 1989 2012 97 Lakeshore Landing San Mateo, CA Mid-rise 308 1988 2014 96 Hillsdale Garden (14) 
 San Mateo, CA Garden 697 1948 2006 96 Station Park Green San Mateo, CA Mid-rise 599 2018 2018 95 Deer Valley San Rafael, CA Garden 171 1996 2014 97 Bel Air San Ramon, CA Garden 462 1988 1995 96 Canyon Oaks San Ramon, CA Mid-rise 250 2005 2007 96 Crow Canyon San Ramon, CA Mid-rise 400 1992 2014 97 Foothill Gardens San Ramon, CA Garden 132 1985 1997 96 Mill Creek at Windermere San Ramon, CA Mid-rise 400 2005 2007 96 Twin Creeks San Ramon, CA Garden 44 1985 1997 96 1000 Kiely Santa Clara, CA Garden 121 1971 2011 97 Le Parc Santa Clara, CA Garden 140 1975 1994 97 Marina Cove (18) 
 Santa Clara, CA Garden 292 1974 1994 96 Mylo Santa Clara, CA Mid-rise 476 2021 2021 95 Riley Square (8) 
 Santa Clara, CA Garden 156 1972 2012 97 Villa Granada Santa Clara, CA Mid-rise 270 2010 2014 96 Chestnut Street Apartments Santa Cruz, CA Garden 96 2002 2008 98 Bristol Commons Sunnyvale, CA Garden 188 1989 1995 96 Brookside Oaks (4) 
 Sunnyvale, CA Garden 170 1973 2000 98 Lawrence Station Sunnyvale, CA Mid-rise 336 2012 2014 96 Magnolia Lane (19) 
 Sunnyvale, CA Garden 32 2001 2007 96 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Apartment Year Year Communities (1) 
 Location Type Homes Built Acquired (20) 
 Occupancy (2) 
 Magnolia Square (4) 
 Sunnyvale, CA Garden 156 1963 2007 96 Montclaire Sunnyvale, CA Mid-rise 390 1973 1988 97 Reed Square Sunnyvale, CA Garden 100 1970 2011 97 Solstice Sunnyvale, CA Mid-rise 280 2014 2014 96 Summerhill Park Sunnyvale, CA Garden 100 1988 1988 98 Via Sunnyvale, CA Mid-rise 284 2011 2011 96 Windsor Ridge Sunnyvale, CA Mid-rise 216 1989 1989 97 Vista Belvedere Tiburon, CA Mid-rise 76 1963 2004 96 Verandas (12) 
 Union City, CA Mid-rise 282 1989 2014 97 Agora Walnut Creek, CA Mid-rise 49 2016 2016 97 Brio (4) 
 Walnut Creek, CA Mid-rise 300 2015 2019 96 23,248 96 Seattle, Washington Metropolitan Area Belcarra Bellevue, WA Mid-rise 296 2009 2014 96 BellCentre Bellevue, WA Mid-rise 249 2001 2014 96 Cedar Terrace Bellevue, WA Garden 180 1984 2005 96 Courtyard off Main Bellevue, WA Mid-rise 110 2000 2010 95 Ellington Bellevue, WA Mid-rise 220 1994 2014 94 Emerald Ridge Bellevue, WA Garden 180 1987 1994 97 Foothill Commons Bellevue, WA Mid-rise 394 1978 1990 96 Palisades, The Bellevue, WA Garden 192 1977 1990 97 Park Highland Bellevue, WA Mid-rise 250 1993 2014 96 Piedmont Bellevue, WA Garden 396 1969 2014 96 Sammamish View Bellevue, WA Garden 153 1986 1994 97 Woodland Commons Bellevue, WA Garden 302 1978 1990 96 Bothell Ridge (5) 
 Bothell, WA Garden 214 1988 2014 96 Canyon Pointe Bothell, WA Garden 250 1990 2003 97 Inglenook Court Bothell, WA Garden 224 1985 1994 96 Pinnacle Sonata Bothell, WA Mid-rise 268 2000 2014 96 Salmon Run at Perry Creek Bothell, WA Garden 132 2000 2000 97 Stonehedge Village Bothell, WA Garden 196 1986 1997 98 Highlands at Wynhaven Issaquah, WA Mid-rise 333 2000 2008 96 Park Hill at Issaquah Issaquah, WA Garden 245 1999 1999 97 Wandering Creek Kent, WA Garden 156 1986 1995 97 Ascent Kirkland, WA Garden 90 1988 2012 96 Bridle Trails Kirkland, WA Garden 108 1986 1997 97 Corbella at Juanita Bay Kirkland, WA Garden 169 1978 2010 97 Evergreen Heights Kirkland, WA Garden 200 1990 1997 97 Slater 116 Kirkland, WA Mid-rise 108 2013 2013 96 Montebello Kirkland, WA Garden 248 1996 2012 97 Martha Lake Apartments (16) 
 Lynwood, WA Mid-rise 155 1991 2021 97 Aviara (19) 
 Mercer Island, WA Mid-rise 166 2013 2014 96 Laurels at Mill Creek Mill Creek, WA Garden 164 1981 1996 98 Monterra in Mill Creek (16) 
 Mill Creek, WA Garden 139 2003 2021 97 Parkwood at Mill Creek Mill Creek, WA Garden 240 1989 2014 97 The Elliot at Mukilteo (4) 
 Mukilteo, WA Garden 301 1981 1997 96 Castle Creek Newcastle, WA Garden 216 1998 1998 98 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Apartment Year Year Communities (1) 
 Location Type Homes Built Acquired (20) 
 Occupancy (2) 
 Elevation Redmond, WA Garden 158 1986 2010 96 Pure Redmond Redmond, WA Mid-rise 105 2016 2019 96 Redmond Hill (8) 
 Redmond, WA Garden 442 1985 2011 96 Shadowbrook Redmond, WA Garden 418 1986 2014 95 The Trails of Redmond Redmond, WA Garden 423 1985 2014 95 Vesta (8) 
 Redmond, WA Garden 440 1998 2011 96 Brighton Ridge Renton, WA Garden 264 1986 1996 96 Fairwood Pond Renton, WA Garden 194 1997 2004 98 Forest View Renton, WA Garden 192 1998 2003 97 Pinnacle on Lake Washington Renton, WA Mid-rise 180 2001 2014 97 8th Republican (15) 
 Seattle, WA Mid-rise 211 2016 2017 96 Annaliese Seattle, WA Mid-rise 56 2009 2013 97 The Audrey at Belltown Seattle, WA Mid-rise 137 1992 2014 96 The Bernard Seattle, WA Mid-rise 63 2008 2011 96 Cairns, The Seattle, WA Mid-rise 99 2006 2007 95 Collins on Pine Seattle, WA Mid-rise 76 2013 2014 96 Canvas Seattle, WA Mid-rise 123 2014 2021 100 Domaine Seattle, WA Mid-rise 92 2009 2012 97 Expo (14) 
 Seattle, WA Mid-rise 275 2012 2012 93 Fountain Court Seattle, WA Mid-rise 320 2000 2000 95 Patent 523 Seattle, WA Mid-rise 295 2010 2010 96 Taylor 28 Seattle, WA Mid-rise 197 2008 2014 96 Velo and Ray (15) 
 Seattle, WA Mid-rise 308 2014 2019 96 Vox Apartments Seattle, WA Mid-rise 58 2013 2013 95 Wharfside Pointe Seattle, WA Mid-rise 155 1990 1994 97 12,525 96 Total/Weighted Average 62,147 96 
 
 Footnotes to the Company s Portfolio Listing as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Unless otherwise specified, the Company consolidates each community in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 (2) For communities, occupancy rates are based on financial occupancy for the year ended December 31, 2022, except for communities that were stabilized during the year, in which case occupancy as of December 31, 2022 was used. For an explanation of how financial occupancy is calculated, see "Occupancy Rates" in this Item 2. 
 (3) The community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2083. 
 (4) Each of these communities is part of a DownREIT structure in which the Company is the general partner or manager and the other limited partners or members are granted rights of redemption for their interests. 
 (5) This community is owned by BEXAEW. The Company has a 50 interest in BEXAEW, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 (6) This community is owned by Wesco III, LLC ("Wesco III"). The Company has a 50 interest in Wesco III, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 (7) This community is owned by BEX II, LLC ("BEX II"). The Company has a 50 interest in BEX II, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 (8) This community is owned by Wesco I, LLC ("Wesco I"). The Company has a 58 interest in Wesco I, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 (9) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2067. 
 (10) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2027. 
 (11) The Company has a 97 interest and a former Executive Vice President of the Company has a 3 interest in this community. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 (12) This community is owned by Wesco IV, LLC ("Wesco IV") The Company has a 65.1 interest in Wesco IV, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 (13) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2028. 
 (14) The Company has an interest in a single asset entity owning this community. 
 (15) This community is owned by Wesco V, LLC ("Wesco V"). The Company has a 50 interest in Wesco V, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 (16) This community is owned by Wesco VI, LLC ("Wesco VI"). The Company has a 50 interest in Wesco VI, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 (17) This community is owned by BEX IV, LLC ("BEX IV"). The Company has a 50.1 interest in BEX IV, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 (18) A portion of this community on which 84 apartment homes are presently located is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2028. 
 (19) The community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2070. 
 (20) Represents the initial year the joint venture or consolidated community was acquired. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The information regarding lawsuits, other proceedings and claims, set forth in Note 17, "Commitments and Contingencies", to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. In addition to such matters referred to in Note 17, the Company is subject to various other legal and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the course of its business operations. We believe that, with respect to such matters that we are currently a party to, the ultimate disposition of any such matter will not result in a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 The shares of the Company s common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ESS". 
 
 There is no established public trading market for the Operating Partnership's limited partnership units ("OP Units"). 
 
 Holders 
 
 The approximate number of holders of record of the shares of Essex's common stock was 987 as of February 21, 2023. This number does not include stockholders whose shares are held in investment accounts by other entities. Essex believes the actual number of stockholders is greater than the number of holders of record. 
 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 64 holders of record of OP Units, including Essex. 
 
 Return of Capital 
 
 Under provisions of the Code, the portion of the cash dividend, if any, that exceeds earnings and profits is considered a return of capital. The return of capital is generated due to a variety of factors, including the deduction of non-cash expenses, primarily depreciation, in the determination of earnings and profits. 
 
 The status of the cash dividends distributed for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 related to common stock are as follows: 2022 2021 2020 Common Stock Ordinary income 80.17 70.92 85.23 Capital gain 16.78 22.07 10.68 Unrecaptured section 1250 capital gain 3.05 7.01 4.09 100.00 100.00 100.00 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 
 Future dividends/distributions by Essex and the Operating Partnership will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors of Essex and will depend on the actual cash flows from operations of the Company, its financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, applicable legal restrictions and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. There are currently no contractual restrictions on Essex's and the Operating Partnership's present or future ability to pay dividends and distributions, and we do not anticipate that our ability to pay dividends/distributions will be impaired; however, there can be no assurances in that regard. 
 
 The Board of Directors declared a dividend/distribution for the fourth quarter of 2022 of 2.20 per share. The dividend/distribution was paid on January 13, 2023 to stockholders/unitholders of record as of January 3, 2023. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan 
 
 Essex has adopted a dividend reinvestment and share purchase plan designed to provide holders of common stock with a convenient and economical means to reinvest all or a portion of their cash dividends in shares of common stock and to acquire additional shares of common stock through voluntary purchases. Computershare, LLC, which serves as Essex's transfer agent, administers the dividend reinvestment and share purchase plan. For a copy of the plan, contact Computershare, LLC at (312) 360-5354. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The information required by this section is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, under the headings "Equity Compensation Plan Information," to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Issuance of Registered Equity Securities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock under the 2021 ATM Program. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding forward sale agreements, and 900.0 million of shares remain available to be sold under the 2021 ATM Program. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In December 2015, Essex's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan to allow Essex to acquire shares of common stock up to an aggregate value of 250.0 million. In February 2019, the Board of Directors approved the replenishment of the stock repurchase plan such that, as of such date, the Company had 250.0 million of purchase authority remaining under the stock repurchase plan. In each of May and December 2020, the Board of Directors approved the replenishment of the stock repurchase plan such that, as of each such date, Essex had 250.0 million of purchase authority remaining under the replenished plan. In September 2022, the Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase plan to allow Essex to acquire shares of common stock up to an aggregate value of 500.0 million and as of December 31, 2022, the Company had repurchased 420,606 shares of common stock under this plan, totaling 101.7 million. The plan supersedes the previous common stock repurchase plan announced in December 2015. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired 740,053 shares of its common stock totaling 189.7 million, including commissions, at an average price of 256.37 per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 398.3 million of purchase authority remaining under the stock repurchase plan. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The line graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on Essex's common stock for the last five years with the cumulative total return on the S P 500, the FTSE NAREIT All Equity REIT index and the FTSE NAREIT Equity Apartments index over the same period. This comparison assumes that the value of the investment in the common stock and each index was 100 on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. The FTSE NAREIT Equity Apartments index was added in the current year as it more closely aligns with executive compensation and performance of the Company against its more directly comparable peers. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 100.00 104.83 132.00 108.12 164.77 102.55 FTSE NAREIT Equity Apartments Index 100.00 103.70 130.99 110.89 181.43 123.46 FTSE NAREIT All Equity REITs Index 100.00 95.96 123.46 117.14 165.51 124.22 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 
 
 (1) Common stock performance data is provided by S P Global Market Intelligence. 
 
 The graph and other information furnished under the above caption "Performance Graph" in this Part II Item 5 of this Form 10-K shall not deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Operating Partnership issued OP Units in private placements in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, in the amounts and for the consideration set forth below: 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Essex issued an aggregate of 76,246 and 248,725 shares of its common stock upon the exercise of stock options, respectively. Essex contributed the proceeds from the option exercises of 19.5 million and 58.5 million to the Operating Partnership in exchange for an aggregate of 76,246 and 248,725 OP Units, as required by the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Essex issued an aggregate of 11,707 and 30,360 shares of its common stock in connection with restricted stock awards for no cash consideration, respectively. For each share of common stock issued by Essex in connection with such awards, the Operating Partnership issued OP Units to Essex as required by the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement, for an aggregate of 11,707 and 30,360 OP Units during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Essex issued an aggregate of 8,310 and 10,293 shares of its common stock in connection with the exchange of OP Units by limited partners into shares of common stock. For each share of common stock issued by Essex in connection with such exchange, the Operating Partnership issued OP Units to Essex as required by the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement, for an aggregate of 8,310 and 10,293 OP Units during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Essex may sell shares through its equity distribution program, then contribute the net proceeds from these share issuances to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units as required by the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not issue or sell any shares of common stock pursuant to the 2021 ATM Program. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding forward sale agreements. 
 
 Stock Repurchases 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company's purchase of shares of its common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as Part of a 
 Publicly Announced 
 Program (1) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) (1) 
 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 28,200 210.82 28,200 424.2 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 121,009 213.45 121,009 398.3 Total 149,209 212.95 149,209 398.3 
 
 (1) In September 2022, the Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase plan to allow the Company to acquire shares of common stock up to an aggregate of 500.0 million. The plan supersedes the Company's previous common stock repurchase plan announced in December 2015. Following the approval of the new plan, 420,606 shares of common stock totaling 101.7 million were repurchased under the new plan. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. These consolidated financial statements include all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to reflect a fair statement of the results and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Essex is a self-administered and self-managed REIT that acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages apartment communities in selected residential areas located on the West Coast of the United States. Essex owns all of its interests in its real estate investments, directly or indirectly, through the Operating Partnership. Essex is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and, as of December 31, 2022, had an approximately 96.6 general partner interest in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 The Company s investment strategy has two components: constant monitoring of existing markets, and evaluation of new markets to identify areas with the characteristics that underlie rental growth. The Company s strong financial condition supports its investment strategy by enhancing its ability to quickly shift acquisition, development, redevelopment, and disposition activities to markets that will optimize the performance of the Company's portfolio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned or had ownership interests in 252 operating apartment communities, comprising 62,147 apartment homes, excluding the Company's ownership in preferred equity co-investments, loan investments, three operating commercial buildings, and a development pipeline comprised of one unconsolidated joint venture project. 
 
 The Company s apartment communities are predominately located in the following major regions: 
 
 Southern California (primarily Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, and Ventura counties) 
 Northern California (the San Francisco Bay Area) 
 Seattle Metro (Seattle metropolitan area) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s development pipeline was comprised of one unconsolidated joint venture project under development aggregating 264 apartment homes and various predevelopment projects, with total incurred costs of 102.0 million. The estimated remaining project costs are approximately 25.0 million, 12.8 million of which represents the Company's estimated remaining costs, for total estimated project costs of 127.0 million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company also had an ownership interest in three operating commercial buildings (totaling approximately 283,000 square feet). 
 
 By region, the Company's operating results for 2022 and 2021 and projection for 2023 new housing supply (defined as new multifamily apartment homes and single family homes, excluding developments with fewer than 50 apartment homes as well as student, senior and 100 affordable housing), projection for 2023 job growth, and 2023 estimated Same-Property revenue growth are as follows: 
 
 Southern California Region : As of December 31, 2022, this region represented 43 of the Company s consolidated operating apartment homes. Revenues for "2022 Same-Properties" (as defined below), or "Same-Property revenues," increased 11.3 in 2022 as compared to 2021. In 2023, the Company projects new residential supply of 30,300 apartment homes and single family homes, which represents 0.5 of the total housing stock. The Company projects an increase of 2,000 jobs or 0.3 in the Southern California region. 
 
 Northern California Region : As of December 31, 2022, this region represented 37 of the Company s consolidated operating apartment homes. Same-Property revenues increased 8.4 in 2022 as compared to 2021. In 2023, the Company projects new residential supply of 12,750 apartment homes and single family homes, which represents 0.5 of the total housing stock. The Company projects an increase of 4,500 jobs or 0.7 in the Northern California region. 
 
 Seattle Metro Region : As of December 31, 2022, this region represented 20 of the Company s consolidated operating apartment homes. Same-Property revenues increased 12.0 in 2022 as compared to 2021. In 2023, the Company projects new residential supply of 14,450 apartment homes and single family homes, which represents 1.1 of the total housing stock. The Company projects an increase of 3,000 jobs or 0.4 in the Seattle Metro region. 
 
 In total, the Company projects an increase in 2023 Same-Property revenues of between 3.25 to 4.75 . Same-Property operating expenses are projected to increase in 2023 by 4.50 to 5.50 . 
 35 

Table of Contents 

The Company s consolidated operating communities are as follows: As of As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Apartment Homes Apartment Homes Southern California 22,151 43 22,190 43 Northern California 19,230 37 19,123 37 Seattle Metro 10,341 20 10,341 20 Total 51,722 100 51,654 100 
 
 Co-investments, developments under construction, and preferred equity interest co-investment communities are not included in the table presented above for both periods. 

Market Considerations, including the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 Though diminishing, the COVID-19 pandemic and its related variants continue to impact the U.S. and world economies. In an effort to mitigate its impact on affected populations, federal, state and local jurisdictions implemented varying forms of requirements which may continue to negatively affect profitability. While the California eviction moratorium sunsetted during the third quarter of 2021, other state and local eviction moratoriums and laws that limit rent increases during times of emergency and impair the ability to collect unpaid rent during certain timeframes continue to be in effect in various formats at various regions in which our communities are located, impacting the Company and its properties. The Company continues to work to comply with the stated intent of local, county, state and federal laws. 
 
 While COVID-19 s impact begins to dissipate, geopolitical tensions between Russian and Ukraine increased uncertainty during 
 2022. Inflation has caused an increase in consumer prices, thereby reducing purchasing power and elevating the risks of a 
 recession. Due to increased inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rate a total of seven times during 2022. In response, market interest rates have increased significantly during this time. At the same time, the labor market remains historically tight and companies continue to look to add employees, pushing unemployment lower. 
 
 The long-term impact of these developments will largely depend on new information which may emerge concerning the 
 COVID-19 pandemic, future laws that may be enacted, geopolitical tensions, inflation, the impact on job growth and the broader economy, and reactions by consumers, companies, governmental entities and capital markets. 
 
 Primarily as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company's cash delinquencies as a percentage of scheduled rental income for the Company s stabilized apartment communities or "Same-Property" (stabilized properties consolidated by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021) have generally remained higher than the pre-pandemic period due to on-going eviction moratoria related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and above the typical historical range of 0.3 to 0.4 since the second quarter of 2020. Cash delinquencies remained elevated at 1.9 for 2021 but decreased to 1.2 in 2022, attributable to government payments for Emergency Rental Assistance which was mostly depleted by December 31, 2022. The Company continues to work with residents to collect such cash delinquencies. As of December 31, 2022, the delinquencies have not had a material adverse impact to the Company's liquidity position. The Company's average financial occupancy for the Company's Same-Property portfolio decreased slightly from 96.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 96.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting macroeconomic conditions have not negatively impacted the Company's ability to access traditional funding sources on the same or reasonably similar terms as were available in recent periods prior to the pandemic, as demonstrated by the Company's financing activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 discussed in the Liquidity and Capital Resources" section below. The Company is not at material risk of not meeting the covenants in its credit agreements and is able to timely service its debt and other obligations . 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The Company s average financial occupancy for the Company s stabilized apartment communities or "2022 Same-Property" (stabilized properties consolidated by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021) decreased 30 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 basis points to 96.1 in 2022 from 96.4 in 2021. Financial occupancy is defined as the percentage resulting from dividing actual rental income by total scheduled rental income. Actual rental income represents contractual rental income pursuant to leases without considering delinquency and concessions. Total scheduled rental income represents the value of all apartment homes, with occupied apartment homes valued at contractual rental rates pursuant to leases and vacant apartment homes valued at estimated market rents. The Company believes that financial occupancy is a meaningful measure of occupancy because it considers the value of each vacant apartment home at its estimated market rate. 
 
 Market rates are determined using the recently signed effective rates on new leases at the property and are used as the starting point in the determination of the market rates of vacant apartment homes. The Company may increase or decrease these rates based on a variety of factors, including overall supply and demand for housing, concentration of new apartment deliveries within the same submarket which can cause periodic disruption due to greater rental concessions to increase leasing velocity, and rental affordability. Financial occupancy may not completely reflect short-term trends in physical occupancy and financial occupancy rates, and the Company's calculation of financial occupancy may not be comparable to financial occupancy disclosed by other REITs. 
 
 The Company does not take into account delinquency and concessions to calculate actual rent for occupied apartment homes and market rents for vacant apartment homes. The calculation of financial occupancy compares contractual rates for occupied apartment homes to estimated market rents for unoccupied apartment homes, and thus the calculation compares the gross value of all apartment homes excluding delinquency and concessions. For apartment communities that are development properties in lease-up without stabilized occupancy figures, the Company believes the physical occupancy rate is the appropriate performance metric. While an apartment community is in the lease-up phase, the Company s primary motivation is to stabilize the property, which may entail the use of rent concessions and other incentives, and thus financial occupancy, which is based on contractual income is not considered the best metric to quantify occupancy. 
 
 The regional breakdown of the Company s 2022 Same-Property portfolio for financial occupancy for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Southern California 96.2 96.7 Northern California 96.1 96.2 Seattle Metro 95.8 96.2 

The following table provides a breakdown of revenue amounts, including the revenues attributable to 2022 Same-Properties. 
 Number of Apartment Years Ended December 31, Dollar Percentage Property Revenues in thousands) 
 Homes 2022 2021 Change Change 2022 Same-Properties: Southern California 21,006 624,907 561,326 63,581 11.3 Northern California 17,895 591,556 545,535 46,021 8.4 Seattle Metro 10,218 268,512 239,819 28,693 12.0 Total 2022 Same-Property Revenues 49,119 1,484,975 1,346,680 138,295 10.3 2022 Non-Same Property Revenues 110,700 84,738 25,962 30.6 Total Property Revenues 1,595,675 1,431,418 164,257 11.5 
 
 2022 Same-Property Revenues increased by 138.3 million or 10.3 to 1.5 billion for 2022 compared to 1.3 billion in 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 7.2 in average rental rates from 2,320 for 2021 to 2,486 for 2022 and 2.3 of the increase was attributable to a decrease in cash concessions in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 2022 Non-Same Property Revenues increased by 26.0 million or 30.6 to 110.7 million in 2022 compared to 84.7 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to the acquisitions of The Village at Toluca Lake and Canvas in 2021, the acquisitions of Regency Palm Court and Windsor Court in 2022, and an increase in average rental rates. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Management and other fees from affiliates increased by 2.0 million or 22.0 to 11.1 million in 2022 from 9.1 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to the addition of Martha Lake Apartments, Monterra in Mill Creek, The Rexford, and Silver communities to the Company's joint venture portfolio in 2021 and Vela in 2022, partially offset by the Company's purchases of BEX III, LLC's 50.0 interest in The Village at Toluca Lake in 2021, and its joint venture partner's 49.8 interest in Essex JV LLC co-investment that owned Regency Palm Court and Windsor Court, in 2022. 
 
 Property operating expenses, excluding real estate taxes increased by 18.5 million or 7.0 to 283.4 million in 2022 compared to 264.9 million in 2021, primarily due to increases of 9.2 million in utilities expenses, 7.4 million in maintenance and repairs expenses, and 1.9 million in administrative expenses. 2022 Same-Property operating expenses, excluding real estate taxes, increased by 15.5 million or 6.1 to 268.6 million in 2022 compared to 253.1 million in 2021, primarily due to increases of 8.0 million in utilities expenses, 6.2 million in maintenance and repairs expenses, 0.8 million in insurance and other expenses, and 0.5 million in administrative expenses. 
 
 Real estate taxes increased by 3.5 million or 1.9 to 183.9 million in 2022 compared to 180.4 million in 2021, primarily due to real estate taxes from the completion of development properties Wallace on Sunset in 2021 and Station Park Green (Phase IV) in 2022, as well as the acquisitions of The Village at Toluca Lake, Canvas, and 7 S Linden Commercial properties during 2021. 2022 Same-Property real estate taxes increased by 0.3 million or 0.2 to 164.0 million in 2022 compared to 163.7 million in 2021 primarily due to increased valuations and tax rates. 
 
 Corporate-level property management expenses increased by 4.5 million or 12.4 to 40.7 million in 2022 compared to 36.2 million in 2021 due to costs pertaining to the centralization of certain property level functions. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 19.2 million or 3.7 to 539.3 million in 2022 compared to 520.1 million in 2021, primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense from the completion of development properties Mylo and Wallace on Sunset in 2021, Station Park Green (Phase IV) in 2022, as well as the acquisitions of The Village at Toluca Lake and Canvas in 2021, and Regency Palm Court and Windsor Court in 2022. 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate and land of 94.4 million in 2022 was attributable to the sale of Anavia in the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company's 143.0 million gain on sale of real estate and land in 2021 was attributable to the sale of Hidden Valley, Axis 2300, Park 20, and Devonshire Apartments during 2021. 
 
 Interest expense increased by 1.7 million or 0.8 to 204.8 million in 2022 compared to 203.1 million in 2021 , primarily due to the issuance of new senior unsecured notes in 2021 which resulted in an increase in interest expense of 4.8 million and increased borrowing on the Company's unsecured lines of credit, and higher average interest rates, which resulted in an increase in interest expense of 3.0 million. Additionally, there was a 3.9 million decrease in capitalized interest in 2022, due to a decrease in development activity as compared to the same period in 2021. These increases in interest expense were partially offset by various debts that were paid off, matured, or regular principal payments during and after 2021 which resulted in a decrease in interest expense of 10.0 million for 2022. 
 
 Total return swap income of 7.9 million in 2022 consists of monthly settlements related to the Company's four total return swap contracts with an aggregate notional amount of 223.6 million. 
 
 Interest and other (loss) income decreased by 117.7 million or 119.3 to a loss of 19.0 million in 2022 compared to an income of 98.7 million in 2021, primarily due to unrealized losses resulting from a decrease in the fair value of marketable securities. 
 
 Equity income from co-investments decreased by 85.7 million or 76.7 to 26.0 million in 2022 compared to 111.7 million in 2021, primarily due to decreases of 93.6 million in equity income from non-core co-investments, 5.3 million in income from preferred equity investments including income from early redemptions, and a 2.1 million impairment loss from an unconsolidated co-investment. These decreases were offset by 17.1 million in co-investment promote income during 2022 and an increase of 1.0 million in loss on early retirement of debt from unconsolidated co-investments. 
 
 Deferred tax benefit on unconsolidated co-investments of 10.2 million in 2022 is primarily due to net unrealized losses from non-core unconsolidated co-investments. 
 
 Gain on remeasurement of co-investment of 17.4 million in 2022 resulted from the Company's purchase of its joint venture partner's 49.8 membership interest in Essex JV, LLC co-investment that owned Regency Palm Court and Windsor Court. Gain on remeasurement of 2.3 million in 2021 resulted from the Company's purchase of BEX III's 50.0 interest in The Village at Toluca Lake community in the second quarter of 2021. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 For the comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022 under the subheading "Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020." 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table sets forth the Company s cash flows for 2022, 2021 and 2020 in thousands): For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flow provided by (used in): Operating activities 975,649 905,259 803,108 Investing activities 145,958 (397,397) (416,900) Financing activities (1,137,564) (533,265) (383,261) 
 
 Essex s business is operated primarily through the Operating Partnership. Essex issues public equity from time to time, but does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses from operating as a public company which are fully reimbursed by the Operating Partnership. Essex itself does not hold any indebtedness, and its only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. Essex s principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common stock. Essex s sole source of funding for its dividend payments is distributions it receives from the Operating Partnership. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Essex owned a 96.6 general partner interest and the limited partners owned the remaining 3.4 interest in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 The liquidity of Essex is dependent on the Operating Partnership s ability to make sufficient distributions to Essex. The primary cash requirement of Essex is its payment of dividends to its stockholders. Essex also guarantees some of the Operating Partnership s debt, as discussed further in Notes 7 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If the Operating Partnership fails to fulfill certain of its debt requirements, which trigger Essex s guarantee obligations, then Essex will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. However, Essex s only significant asset is its investment in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 For Essex to maintain its qualification as a REIT, it must pay dividends to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains. While historically Essex has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of other property, including, in limited circumstances, Essex s own stock. As a result of this distribution requirement, the Operating Partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its ongoing operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not REITs can. Essex may need to continue to raise capital in the equity markets to fund the Operating Partnership s working capital needs, acquisitions and developments. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 33.3 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and 112.7 million in marketable securities. The Company believes that cash flows generated by its operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities balances and availability under existing lines of credit are sufficient to meet all of its anticipated cash needs during 2023. Additionally, the capital markets continue to be available and the Company is able to generate cash from the disposition of real estate assets to finance additional cash flow needs, including continued development and select acquisitions. In the event that economic disruptions occur, the Company may further utilize other resources such as its cash reserves, lines of credit, or decreased investment in redevelopment activities to supplement operating cash flows. The Company is carefully monitoring and managing its cash position in light of ongoing conditions and levels of operations. The timing, source and amounts of cash flows provided by financing activities and used in investing activities are sensitive to changes in interest rates and other fluctuations in the capital markets environment, which can affect the Company s plans for acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment activities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 5.4 billion of fixed rate public bonds outstanding at an average interest rate of 3.3 with maturity dates ranging from 2023 to 2050. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s mortgage notes payable totaled 593.9 million, net of unamortized premiums and debt issuance costs, which consisted of 371.8 million in fixed rate debt at an average interest rate of 3.6 and maturity dates ranging from 2025 to 2028 and 222.1 million of tax-exempt variable rate demand notes with a weighted average interest rate of 3.5 . The tax-exempt variable rate demand notes have maturity dates ranging from 2027 to 2046. 223.6 million is subject to total return swaps. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had two unsecured lines of credit aggregating 1.24 billion, including a 1.2 billion unsecured line of credit and a 35.0 million working capital unsecured line of credit. As of December 31, 2022, there was 40.0 million outstanding on the 1.2 billion unsecured line of credit. The underlying interest rate is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's credit ratings, adjusted for the Company's sustainability metric grid, and was at Adjusted SOFR plus 0.75 as of December 31, 2022. This facility is scheduled to mature in January 2027, with two six-month extensions, exercisable at the Company's option. As of December 31, 2022, there was 12.1 million outstanding on the Company's 35.0 million working capital unsecured line of credit. The underlying interest rate is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's credit ratings, adjusted for the Company's sustainability metric grid, and was at Adjusted SOFR plus 0.75 as of December 31, 2022. This facility is scheduled to mature in July 2024. 
 
 The Company s unsecured lines of credit and unsecured debt agreements contain debt covenants related to limitations on indebtedness and liabilities and maintenance of minimum levels of consolidated earnings before depreciation, interest and amortization. The Company was in compliance with the debt covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company pays quarterly dividends from cash available for distribution. Until it is distributed, cash available for distribution is invested by the Company primarily in investment grade securities held available for sale or is used by the Company to reduce balances outstanding under its lines of credit. 
 
 Derivative Activity 
 
 The Company uses interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, and total return swap contracts to manage certain interest rate risks. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate swaps and total return swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments) and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. 
 
 The Company has four total return swap contracts, with an aggregate notional amount of 223.6 million, that effectively converts 223.6 million of fixed mortgage notes payable to a floating interest rate based on the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Municipal Swap Index ("SIFMA") plus a spread. The total return swaps provide fair market value protection on the mortgage notes payable to our counterparties during the initial period of the total return swap until the Company's option to call the mortgage notes at par can be exercised. The Company can currently call all four of the total return swaps, with 223.6 million of the outstanding debt at par. These derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate carrying value of the interest rate swap contracts were an asset of 5.6 million and zero, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the swap contracts were presented in the consolidated balance sheets as an asset of 5.6 million and zero, respectively, and were included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The aggregate carrying and fair value of the total return swaps was zero at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Hedge ineffectiveness related to cash flow hedges, which is reported in current year income as interest expense, net was zero for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Issuance of Common Stock 
 
 In September 2021, the Company entered into the 2021 ATM Program, a new equity distribution agreement pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to 900.0 million. In connection with the 2021 ATM Program, the Company may also enter into related forward sale agreements, and may sell shares of its common stock pursuant to these agreements. The use of a forward sale agreement would allow the Company to 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 lock in a share price on the sale of shares of its common stock at the time the agreement is executed, but defer receipt of the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date should the Company elect to settle such forward sale agreement, in whole or in part, in shares of common stock. The 2021 ATM Program replaced the prior equity distribution agreement entered into in September 2018 (the "2018 ATM Program"), which was terminated upon the establishment of the 2021 ATM Program. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not sell any shares of its common stock through the 2021 ATM Program. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding forward purchase agreements, and 900.0 million of shares of common stock remain available to be sold under the 2021 ATM Program. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not issue any shares of its common stock through the 2021 ATM Program or through the 2018 ATM Program. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Non-revenue generating capital expenditures are improvements and upgrades that extend the useful life of the property. For the year ended December 31, 2022, non-revenue generating capital expenditures totaled approximately 2,670 per apartment home. These expenditures do not include expenditures for deferred maintenance on acquisition properties, expenditures for property renovations and improvements which are expected to generate additional revenue or cost savings, and do not include expenditures incurred due to changes in government regulations that the Company would not have incurred otherwise, retail, furniture and fixtures, or expenditures for which the Company expects to be reimbursed. The Company expects that cash from operations and/or its lines of credit will fund such expenditures. 
 
 Development and Predevelopment Pipeline 
 
 The Company defines development projects as new communities that are being constructed, or are newly constructed and are in a phase of lease-up and have not yet reached stabilized operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's development pipeline was comprised of one unconsolidated joint venture project under development aggregating 264 apartment homes and various predevelopment projects, with total incurred costs of 102.0 million. Estimated remaining project costs are approximately 25.0 million, 12.8 million of which represents the Company's estimated remaining costs, for total estimated project costs of 127.0 million. 
 
 The Company defines predevelopment projects as proposed communities in negotiation or in the entitlement process with an expected high likelihood of becoming entitled development projects. The Company may also acquire land for future development purposes or sale. 
 
 The Company expects to fund the development and predevelopment communities by using a combination of some or all of the following sources: its working capital, amounts available on its lines of credit, construction loans, net proceeds from public and private equity and debt issuances, and proceeds from the disposition of assets, if any. 
 
 Alternative Capital Sources 
 
 The Company utilizes co-investments as an alternative source of capital for acquisitions of both operating and development communities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an interest in 264 apartment homes in communities actively under development with joint ventures for total estimated costs of 102.0 million. Total estimated remaining costs total approximately 25.0 million, of which the Company estimates that its remaining investment in these development joint ventures will be approximately 12.8 million. In addition, the Company had an interest in 10,425 apartment homes in operating communities with joint ventures and other investments for a total book value of 491.8 million. 
 
 Real Estate and Other Commitments 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company's unfunded real estate and other future commitments at December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Number of Properties Investment Remaining Commitment Joint ventures (1) : 
 Preferred equity investments 2 98,000 38,000 Non-core co-investments 87,000 50,120 Consolidated: Mezzanine loans 2 82,110 60,932 267,110 149,052 
 
 (1) Excludes approximately 12.8 million of the Company's share of estimated project costs for LIVIA (fka Scripps Mesa Apartments) which have been fully funded. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had operating lease commitments of 162.1 million for ground, building and garage leases with maturity dates ranging from 2025 to 2083. 7.0 million of this commitment is due within the next twelve months. 
 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 
 In accordance with accounting standards for consolidation of variable interest entities ("VIEs"), the Company consolidated the Operating Partnership, 18 DownREIT entities (comprising nine communities) and six co-investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company consolidates these entities because it is deemed the primary beneficiary. Essex has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. The consolidated total assets and liabilities related to the above consolidated co-investments and DownREIT entities, net of intercompany eliminations, were approximately 939.4 million and 324.3 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and 909.3 million and 320.1 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Noncontrolling interests in these entities were 121.5 million and 122.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company's financial risk in each VIE is limited to its equity investment in the VIE. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any other VIEs of which it was deemed to be the primary beneficiary. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company defines critical accounting estimates as those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. The Company s critical accounting estimates relate principally to the following key areas: (i) accounting for the acquisition of investments in real estate (specifically, the allocation between land and buildings during the year ended December 31, 2020); and (ii) evaluation of events and changes in circumstances indicating whether the Company s rental properties may be impaired. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, current market conditions, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from those estimates made by management. 
 
 The Company accounts for its acquisitions of investments in real estate by assessing each acquisition to determine if it meets the definition of a business or if it qualifies as an asset acquisition. We expect that acquisitions of individual operating communities will generally be viewed as asset acquisitions, and result in the capitalization of acquisition costs, and the allocation of purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the relative fair value of the respective assets and liabilities. 
 
 In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company utilizes a number of sources, including independent land appraisals which consider comparable market transactions, its own analysis of recently acquired or developed comparable properties in our portfolio for land comparables and building replacement costs, and other publicly available market data. In calculating the fair value of identified intangible assets of an acquired property, the in-place leases are valued based on in-place rent rates and amortized over the average remaining term of all acquired leases. The allocation of the total consideration exchanged for a real estate acquisition between the identifiable assets and liabilities and the depreciation we recognize over the estimated useful life of the asset could be impacted by different assumptions and estimates used in the calculation. The reasonable likelihood that the estimate could have a material impact on the financial condition of the Company is based on the total consideration exchanged for real estate during any given year. The allocation of the value between land and 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 building was a critical accounting estimate during the year ended December 31, 2020 as result of the potential material impact of the Company's acquisition of a land parcel and six communities for a total purchase price of 463.4 million. 
 
 The Company periodically assesses the carrying value of its real estate investments for indicators of impairment. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on monitoring investment market conditions and performance for operating properties including the net operating income for the most recent 12 month period, monitoring estimated costs for properties under development, the Company's ability to hold and its intent with regard to each asset, and each property's remaining useful life. Although each of these may result in an impairment indicator, the shortening of an expected holding period due to the potential sale of a property is the most likely impairment indicator. Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property held for investment may not be fully recoverable, the carrying amount is evaluated. If the sum of the property s expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the property, then the Company will recognize an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the property. Changes in operating and market conditions may result in a change of our intent to hold the property through the end of its useful life and may impact the assumptions utilized to determine the future cash flows of the real estate investment. 
 
 The Company bases its accounting estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may vary from those estimates and those estimates could be different under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 Funds from Operations Attributable to Common Stockholders and Unitholders 
 
 Funds from Operations Attributable to Common Stockholders and Unitholders ("FFO") is a financial measure that is commonly used in the REIT industry. The Company presents FFO and FFO excluding non-core items (referred to as "Core FFO") as supplemental operating performance measures. FFO and Core FFO are not used by the Company as, nor should they be considered to be, alternatives to net income computed under U.S. GAAP as an indicator of the Company s operating performance or as alternatives to cash from operating activities computed under U.S. GAAP as an indicator of the Company's ability to fund its cash needs. 
 
 FFO and Core FFO are not meant to represent a comprehensive system of financial reporting and do not present, nor do they intend to present, a complete picture of the Company's financial condition and operating performance. The Company believes that net income computed under U.S. GAAP is the primary measure of performance and that FFO and Core FFO are only meaningful when they are used in conjunction with net income. 
 
 The Company considers FFO and Core FFO to be useful financial performance measurements of an equity REIT because, together with net income and cash flows, FFO and Core FFO provide investors with additional bases to evaluate operating performance and ability of a REIT to incur and service debt and to fund acquisitions and other capital expenditures and to pay dividends. By excluding gains or losses related to sales of depreciated operating properties and excluding real estate depreciation (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), FFO can help investors compare the operating performance of a real estate company between periods or as compared to different companies. By further adjusting for items that are not considered part of the Company s core business operations, Core FFO allows investors to compare the core operating performance of the Company to its performance in prior reporting periods and to the operating performance of other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period and tend to obscure the Company s actual operating results. The Company believes that its consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provide the most meaningful picture of its financial condition and its operating performance. 
 
 In calculating FFO, the Company follows the definition for this measure published by NAREIT, which is the leading REIT industry association. The Company believes that, under the NAREIT FFO definition, the two most significant adjustments made to net income are (i) the exclusion of historical cost depreciation and (ii) the exclusion of gains and losses from the sale of previously depreciated properties. The Company agrees that these two NAREIT adjustments are useful to investors for the following reasons: 
 
 (a) historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with U.S. GAAP assumes, through depreciation charges, that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. NAREIT stated in its White Paper on Funds from Operations since real estate asset values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves." Consequently, NAREIT s definition of FFO reflects the fact that real 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 estate, as an asset class, generally appreciates over time and depreciation charges required by U.S. GAAP do not reflect the underlying economic realities. 
 
 (b) REITs were created as a legal form of organization in order to encourage public ownership of real estate as an asset class through investment in firms that were in the business of long-term ownership and management of real estate. The exclusion, in NAREIT s definition of FFO, of gains and losses from the sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets allows investors and analysts to readily identify the operating results of the long-term assets that form the core of a REIT s activity and assists in comparing those operating results between periods. 
 
 Management believes that it has consistently applied the NAREIT definition of FFO to all periods presented. However, there is judgment involved and other REITs' calculation of FFO may vary from the NAREIT definition for this measure, and thus their disclosure of FFO may not be comparable to the Company s calculation. 
 
 The table below is a reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to FFO and Core FFO for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 in thousands, except per share amounts) OTHER DATA: Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders: Net income available to common stockholders 408,315 488,554 568,870 Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization 539,319 520,066 525,497 Gains not included in FFO attributable to common stockholders and unitholders (111,839) (145,253) (301,886) Impairment loss from unconsolidated co-investments 2,105 1,825 Depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated co-investments 72,585 61,059 51,594 Noncontrolling interest related to Operating Partnership units 14,297 17,191 19,912 Depreciation attributable to third party ownership and other (1) 
 (1,421) (571) (539) Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders 923,361 941,046 865,273 Non-core items: Expensed acquisition and investment related costs 2,132 203 1,591 Deferred tax (benefit) expense on unconsolidated co-investments (2) 
 (10,236) 15,668 1,531 Gain on sale of marketable securities (12,436) (3,400) (2,131) Change in unrealized losses (gains) on marketable securities, net 57,983 (33,104) (12,515) Provision for credit losses (381) 141 687 Equity loss (income) from non-core co-investments (3) 
 38,045 (55,602) (5,289) Loss on early retirement of debt, net 2 19,010 22,883 Loss (gain) on early retirement of debt from unconsolidated co-investment 988 25 (38) Co-investment promote income (17,076) (6,455) Income from early redemption of preferred equity investments and notes receivable (1,669) (8,469) (210) Accelerated interest income from maturity of investment in mortgage backed security (11,753) General and administrative and other, net 2,536 1,026 14,958 Insurance reimbursements, legal settlements, and other, net (5,392) (35,234) (81) Core funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders 977,857 841,310 868,451 Weighted average number of shares outstanding, diluted (FFO) (4) 
 67,375 67,335 67,726 Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders per share - diluted 13.70 13.98 12.78 Core funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders per share - diluted 14.51 12.49 12.82 
 
 (1) The Company consolidates certain co-investments. The noncontrolling interest's share of net operating income in these investments for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 3.3 million. 
 (2) Represents deferred tax (benefit) expense related to net unrealized gains or losses on technology co-investments. 
 (3) Represents the Company's share of co-investment loss (income) from technology co-investments. 
 (4) Assumes conversion of all outstanding OP Units into shares of the Company's common stock and excludes DownREIT limited partnership units. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Net Operating Income 
 
 Net operating income ("NOI") and Same-Property NOI are considered by management to be important supplemental performance measures to earnings from operations included in the Company s consolidated statements of income. The presentation of Same-Property NOI assists with the presentation of the Company s operations prior to the allocation of depreciation and any corporate-level or financing-related costs. NOI reflects the operating performance of a community and allows for an easy comparison of the operating performance of individual communities or groups of communities. In addition, because prospective buyers of real estate have different financing and overhead structures, with varying marginal impacts to overhead by acquiring real estate, NOI is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful measure for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. The Company defines Same-Property NOI as Same-Property revenues less Same-Property operating expenses, including property taxes. Please see the reconciliation of earnings from operations to NOI and Same-Property NOI, which in the table below is the NOI for stabilized properties consolidated by the Company for the periods presented in thousands): 
 2022 2021 2020 Earnings from operations 595,229 529,995 491,441 Adjustments: Corporate-level property management expenses 40,704 36,211 34,361 Depreciation and amortization 539,319 520,066 525,497 Management and other fees from affiliates (11,139) (9,138) (9,598) General and administrative 56,577 51,838 65,388 Expensed acquisition and investment related costs 2,132 203 1,591 Impairment loss 1,825 Gain on sale of real estate and land (94,416) (142,993) (64,967) NOI 1,128,406 986,182 1,045,538 Less: Non Same-Property NOI (76,027) (56,267) (89,865) Same-Property NOI 1,052,379 929,915 955,673 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements in this "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K which are not historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, including statements regarding the Company's expectations, estimates, assumptions, hopes, intentions, beliefs and strategies regarding the future. Words such as "expects," "assumes," "anticipates," "may," "will," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "seeks," "future," "estimates," and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding the Company's expectations related to the continued evolution of the work-from-home trend in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company's intent, beliefs or expectations with respect to the timing of completion of current development and redevelopment projects and the stabilization of such projects, the timing of lease-up and occupancy of its apartment communities, the anticipated operating performance of its apartment communities, the total projected costs of development and redevelopment projects, co-investment activities, qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 2022 Same-Property revenue and operating expenses generally and in specific regions, the real estate markets in the geographies in which the Company's properties are located and in the United States in general, the adequacy of future cash flows to meet anticipated cash needs, its financing activities and the use of proceeds from such activities, the availability of debt and equity financing, general economic conditions including the potential impacts from such economic conditions, inflation, the labor market, supply chain impacts and ongoing hostilities between Russia and Ukraine, trends affecting the Company's financial condition or results of operations, changes to U.S. tax laws and regulations in general or specifically related to REITs or real estate, changes to laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which communities the Company owns are located, and other information that is not historical information. 
 
 While the Company's management believes the assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control, which could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot assure the future results or outcome of the matters described in these statements; rather, these statements merely reflect the Company s current expectations of the approximate outcomes of the matters discussed. Factors that might 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 cause the Company s actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: potential future outbreaks of infectious diseases or other health concerns, which could adversely affect the Company's business and its tenants, and cause a significant downturn in general economic conditions, the real estate industry, and the markets in which the Company's communities are located; the Company may fail to achieve its business objectives; the actual completion of development and redevelopment projects may be subject to delays; the stabilization dates of such projects may be delayed; the Company may abandon or defer development or redevelopment projects for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions which make development less desirable, increases in costs of development, increases in the cost of capital or lack of capital availability, resulting in losses; the total projected costs of current development and redevelopment projects may exceed expectations; such development and redevelopment projects may not be completed; development and redevelopment projects and acquisitions may fail to meet expectations; estimates of future income from an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate; occupancy rates and rental demand may be adversely affected by competition and local economic and market conditions; uncertainties regarding ongoing hostilities between Russia and Ukraine and the related impacts on macroeconomic conditions, including, among other things, interest rates and inflation; the Company may be unsuccessful in the management of its relationships with its co-investment partners; future cash flows may be inadequate to meet operating requirements and/or may be insufficient to provide for dividend payments in accordance with REIT requirements; changes in laws or regulations; the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness; unexpected difficulties in leasing of development projects; volatility in financial and securities markets; the Company s failure to successfully operate acquired properties; unforeseen consequences from cyber-intrusion; the Company s inability to maintain our investment grade credit rating with the rating agencies; government approvals, actions and initiatives, including the need for compliance with environmental requirements; and those further risks, special considerations, and other factors discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, and those risk factors and special considerations set forth in the Company s other filings with the SEC which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, the Company assumes no obligation to update or supplement this information for any reason, and therefore, they may not represent the Company's estimates and assumptions after the date of this report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 
 Interest Rate Hedging Activities 
 
 The Company s objective in using derivatives is to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements or other identified risks. To accomplish this objective, the Company uses interest rate swaps as part of its cash flow hedging strategy. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had one interest rate swap contract to mitigate the risk of changes in the interest-related cash outflows on 300.0 million of the unsecured term loan that had not been drawn and had a balance of zero. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also had 223.6 million of secured variable rate indebtedness. The Company s interest rate swap is designated as a cash flow hedge as of December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes the notional amount, carrying value, and estimated fair value of the Company s cash flow hedge derivative instruments used to hedge interest rates as of December 31, 2022. The notional amount represents the aggregate amount of a particular security that is currently hedged at one time, but does not represent exposure to credit, interest rates or market risks. The table also includes a sensitivity analysis to demonstrate the impact on the Company s derivative instruments from an increase or decrease in 10-year Treasury bill interest rates by 50 basis points, as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Notional Amount Maturity Date Range Carrying and Estimated Fair Value Estimated Carrying Value +50 -50 in thousands) Basis Points Basis Points Cash flow hedges: Interest rate swaps 300,000 2026 5,556 10,107 851 Total cash flow hedges 300,000 2026 5,556 10,107 851 
 
 Additionally, the Company has entered into total return swap contracts, with an aggregate notional amount of 223.6 million that effectively convert 223.6 million of fixed mortgage notes payable to a floating interest rate based on the SIFMA plus a spread and have a carrying value of zero at December 31, 2022. The Company is exposed to insignificant interest rate risk on these swaps as the related mortgages are callable, at par, by the Company, co-terminus with the termination of any related swap. These derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitive Liabilities 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 The Company is exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of its lines of credit and long-term debt used to maintain liquidity and fund capital expenditures and expansion of the Company s real estate investment portfolio and operations. The Company s interest rate risk management objective is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower its overall borrowing costs. To achieve its objectives, the Company borrows primarily at fixed rates and may enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps, caps and treasury locks in order to mitigate its interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. The Company does not enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. 
 
 The Company s interest rate risk is monitored using a variety of techniques. The table below presents the principal amounts and weighted average interest rates by year of expected maturity to evaluate the expected cash flows. Management has estimated the fair value of the Company s 5.7 billion of fixed rate debt at December 31, 2022, to be 5.2 billion. Management has estimated the fair value of the Company s 275.7 million of variable rate debt at December 31, 2022, to be 273.2 million based on the terms of existing mortgage notes payable and variable rate demand notes compared to those available in the marketplace. The following table represents scheduled principal payments in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, in thousands, except for interest rates) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fair value Fixed rate debt 
 302,093 402,177 632,035 548,291 419,558 3,417,000 5,721,154 5,195,981 Average interest rate 3.4 4.0 3.5 3.5 3.8 3.0 Variable rate debt (1) 
 852 13,005 1,019 1,114 84,397 175,269 275,656 273,160 Average interest rate 3.6 4.3 3.6 3.6 3.4 3.7 
 
 (1) 223.6 million of variable rate debt is tax exempt to the note holders. 
 
 The table incorporates only those exposures that exist as of December 31, 2022; it does not consider those exposures or positions that could arise after that date. As a result, the Company s ultimate realized gain or loss, with respect to interest rate fluctuations and hedging strategies would depend on the exposures that arise prior to settlement. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The response to this item is submitted as a separate section of this Form 10-K. See Item 15. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Essex carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including Essex's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Essex's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, Essex s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, Essex s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by Essex in the reports that Essex files or submits under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such disclosure controls and procedures were also effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that Essex files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Essex s management, including Essex s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 There were no changes in Essex s internal control over financial reporting, that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Essex s internal control over financial reporting. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Essex s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Essex s management assessed the effectiveness of Essex s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, Essex s management used the criteria set forth in the report entitled "Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)" published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Essex s management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, its internal control over financial reporting was effective based on these criteria. Essex s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an attestation report over Essex s internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 
 Essex Portfolio, L.P. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including Essex's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Operating Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in the reports that the Operating Partnership files or submits under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such disclosure controls and procedures were also effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Operating Partnership files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Operating Partnership s management, including Essex's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 There were no changes in the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting, that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Operating Partnership s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Operating Partnership s management assessed the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Operating Partnership s management used the criteria set forth in the report entitled "Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)" published by COSO. The Operating Partnership s management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, its internal control over financial reporting was effective based on these criteria. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

49 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under the heading "Board and Corporate Governance Matters," to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under the headings "Executive Compensation" and "Director Compensation," to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under the heading "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management," to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under the heading "Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions," to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under the headings "Report of the Audit Committee" and "Fees Paid to KPMG LLP," to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (A) Financial Statements 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements of Essex Property Trust, Inc. Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 185) 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets: As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Income: Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income: Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity: Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 11 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 20 
 (2) Consolidated Financial Statements of Essex Portfolio, L.P. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets: As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 13 
 Consolidated Statements of Income: Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 14 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income: Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 15 
 Consolidated Statements of Capital: Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 16 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 18 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 20 
 (3) Financial Statement Schedule Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 57 
 (4) See the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page and certifications for a list of exhibits filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report. 
 
 (B) Exhibits 
 
 The Company hereby files, as exhibits to this Form 10-K, those exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index referenced in Item 15(A)(4) above. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Essex Property Trust, Inc and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Evaluation of events or changes in circumstances that indicate rental properties may be impaired 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates the carrying amount of rental properties for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a rental property may be impaired. The Company had 10.8 billion in rental properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of events or changes in circumstances that indicate rental properties may be impaired as a critical audit matter. Specifically, subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the length of the period the Company expects to receive cash flows from the rental property. Changes to shorten the period the Company expects to receive cash flows from the rental property could indicate a potential impairment. 

F- 1 

Table of Contents 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to evaluate events or changes in circumstances that would indicate rental properties may be impaired. This included controls over the process for determining the length of the period the Company expects to receive cash flows from the rental property. We evaluated the Company s assessment by (1) inquiring with the Company about events or changes in circumstances considered by the Company, (2) considering certain factors related to the current economic environment, and (3) reading board of director s minutes and external communications with investors and analysts. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1994. 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 23, 2023 
 F- 2 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Essex Property Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 

San Francisco, California 
 February 23, 2023 
 F- 3 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Partners of Essex Portfolio, L.P. and the Board of Directors of Essex Property Trust, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Essex Portfolio, L.P. and subsidiaries (the Operating Partnership) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Operating Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Evaluation of events or changes in circumstances that indicate rental properties may be impaired 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Operating Partnership evaluates the carrying amount of rental properties for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a rental property may be impaired. The Operating Partnership had 10.8 billion in rental properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of events or changes in circumstances that indicate rental properties may be impaired as a critical audit matter. Specifically, subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the length of the period the Operating Partnership expects to receive cash flows from the rental property. Changes to shorten the period the Operating Partnership expects to receive cash flows from the rental property could indicate a potential impairment. 

F- 4 

Table of Contents 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Operating Partnership s process to evaluate events or changes in circumstances that would indicate rental properties may be impaired. This included controls over the process for determining the length of the period the Operating Partnership expects to receive cash flows from the rental property. We evaluated the Operating Partnership s assessment by (1) inquiring with the Operating Partnership about events or changes in circumstances considered by the Operating Partnership, (2) considering certain factors related to the current economic environment, and (3) reading board of director s minutes and external communications with investors and analysts. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Operating Partnership's auditor since 2013. 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 23, 2023 
 F- 5 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Real estate: Rental properties: Land and land improvements Buildings and improvements Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate under development Co-investments Cash and cash equivalents-unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents-restricted Marketable securities, net of allowance for credit losses of as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Notes and other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (includes related party receivables of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Unsecured debt, net Mortgage notes payable, net Lines of credit Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Construction payable Dividends payable Distributions in excess of investments in co-investments Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable noncontrolling interest Equity: Common stock; par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of accumulated earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net ) Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share and share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Rental and other property Management and other fees from affiliates Expenses: Property operating, excluding real estate taxes Real estate taxes Corporate-level property management expenses Depreciation and amortization General and administrative Expensed acquisition and investment related costs Impairment loss Gain on sale of real estate and land Earnings from operations Interest expense ) ) ) Total return swap income Interest and other (loss) income ) Equity income from co-investments Deferred tax benefit (expense) on unconsolidated co-investments ) ) Loss on early retirement of debt, net ) ) ) Gain on remeasurement of co-investment Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Per share data: Basic: Net income available to common stockholders Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year Diluted: Net income available to common stockholders Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of derivatives and amortization of swap settlements ) Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings Change in fair value of marketable debt securities, net ) Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable debt securities ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interest 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars and shares in thousands) Common stock Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of accumulated earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net Noncontrolling interest Total Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings Change in fair value of derivatives and amortization of swap settlements ) ) ) Change in fair value of marketable debt securities, net ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under: Stock option and restricted stock plans, net Sale of common stock, net ) ) Equity based compensation costs Retirement of common stock, net ) ) ) ) Cumulative effect upon adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 ) ) Changes in the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Changes in noncontrolling interest from acquisition Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Change in fair value of derivatives and amortization of swap settlements Change in fair value of marketable debt securities, net Issuance of common stock under: Stock option and restricted stock plans, net Sale of common stock, net ) ) Equity based compensation costs Retirement of common stock, net ) ) ) 
 F- 9 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable debt securities ) ) ) Change in fair value of derivatives and amortization of swap settlements Change in fair value of marketable debt securities, net Issuance of common stock under: Stock option and restricted stock plans, net Sale of common stock, net ) ) Equity based compensation costs Retirement of common stock, net ) ) ) ) Changes in the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest Contributions from noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 10 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Straight-lined rents ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of discount on marketable securities ) Amortization of discount and debt financing costs, net Gain on sale of marketable securities ) ) ) Income from early redemption of notes receivable ) ) Provision for credit losses Unrealized losses (gains) on equity securities recognized through income ) ) Company's share of gain on the sales of co-investments ) Earnings from co-investments ) ) ) Operating distributions from co-investments Accrued interest from notes and other receivables ) ) ) Impairment loss Gain on the sale of real estate and land ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Loss on early retirement of debt, net Gain on remeasurement of co-investment ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses, receivables, operating lease right-of-use assets, and other assets ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to real estate: Acquisitions of real estate and acquisition related capital expenditures, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Redevelopment ) ) ) Development acquisitions of and additions to real estate under development ) ) ) Capital expenditures on rental properties ) ) ) Investments in notes receivable ) ) ) Collections of notes and other receivables Proceeds from insurance for property losses Proceeds from dispositions of real estate Contributions to co-investments ) ) ) Changes in refundable deposits ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities 
 F- 11 

Table of Contents 

 Non-operating distributions from co-investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from unsecured debt and mortgage notes Payments on unsecured debt and mortgage notes ) ) ) Proceeds from lines of credit Repayments of lines of credit ) ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) Additions to deferred charges ) ) ) Payments related to debt prepayment penalties ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock ) ) ) Net proceeds from stock options exercised Payments related to tax withholding for share-based compensation ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Redemption of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest Interest capitalized Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Transfers between real estate under development and rental properties, net Transfer from real estate under development to co-investments Reclassifications (from) to redeemable noncontrolling interest from additional paid in capital and noncontrolling interest ) ) Debt assumed in connection with acquisition 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 F- 12 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per unit amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Real estate: Rental properties: Land and land improvements Buildings and improvements Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate under development Co-investments Cash and cash equivalents-unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents-restricted Marketable securities, net of allowance for credit losses of as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Notes and other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (includes related party receivables of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL Unsecured debt, net Mortgage notes payable, net Lines of credit Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Construction payable Distributions payable Distributions in excess of investments in co-investments Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable noncontrolling interest Capital: General Partner: Common equity and units issued and outstanding, respectively) 
 Limited Partners: Common equity and units issued and outstanding, respectively) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total partners' capital Noncontrolling interest Total capital Total liabilities and capital 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 13 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per unit and unit amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Rental and other property Management and other fees from affiliates Expenses: Property operating, excluding real estate taxes Real estate taxes Corporate-level property management expenses Depreciation and amortization General and administrative Expensed acquisition and investment related costs Impairment loss Gain on sale of real estate and land Earnings from operations Interest expense ) ) ) Total return swap income Interest and other (loss) income ) Equity income from co-investments Deferred tax benefit (expense) on unconsolidated co-investments ) ) Loss on early retirement of debt, net ) ) ) Gain on remeasurement of co-investment Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net income available to common unitholders Per unit data: Basic: Net income available to common unitholders Weighted average number of common units outstanding during the year Diluted: Net income available to common unitholders Weighted average number of common units outstanding during the year 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 14 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of derivatives and amortization of swap settlements ) Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings Change in fair value of marketable debt securities, net ) Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable debt securities ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interest 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 15 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Capital 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollars and units in thousands) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net General Partner Limited Partners Noncontrolling interest Total Common Equity Common Equity Units Amount Units Amount Balances at December 31, 2019 ) Net income Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings Change in fair value of derivatives and amortization of swap settlements ) ) Change in fair value of marketable debt securities, net ) ) Issuance of common units under: General partner's stock based compensation, net Sale of common stock by general partner, net ) ) Equity based compensation costs Retirement of common units, net ) ) ) Cumulative effect upon adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 ) ) Changes in the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Changes in noncontrolling interest from acquisition Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions ) ) ) ) ) Distributions declared per unit) 
 ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Change in fair value of derivatives and amortization of swap settlements Change in fair value of marketable debt securities, net Issuance of common units under: General partner's stock based compensation, net Sale of common stock by general partner, net ) ) Equity based compensation costs Retirement of common units, net ) ) ) 
 F- 16 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions ) ) ) ) ) Distributions declared per unit) 
 ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Reversal of unrealized gains upon the sale of marketable debt securities ) ) Change in fair value of derivatives and amortization of swap settlements Change in fair value of marketable debt securities, net Issuance of common stock under: General partner's stock based compensation, net Sale of common stock by general partner, net ) ) Equity based compensation costs Retirement of common units, net ) ) ) Changes in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest Contributions from noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions ) ) ) ) ) Distributions declared per unit) 
 ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 17 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Straight-lined rents ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of discount on marketable securities ) Amortization of discount and debt financing costs, net Gain on sale of marketable securities ) ) ) Income from early redemption of notes receivable ) ) Provision for credit losses Unrealized gains on equity securities recognized through income ) ) Company's share of gain on the sales of co-investments ) Earnings from co-investments ) ) ) Operating distributions from co-investments Accrued interest from notes and other receivables ) ) ) Impairment loss (Gain) loss on the sale of real estate and land ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Loss (gain) on early retirement of debt, net Gain on remeasurement of co-investment ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses, receivables, operating lease right-of-use assets, and other assets ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to real estate: Acquisitions of real estate and acquisition related capital expenditures, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Redevelopment ) ) ) Development acquisitions of and additions to real estate under development ) ) ) Capital expenditures on rental properties ) ) ) Investments in notes receivable ) ) ) Collections of notes and other receivables Proceeds from insurance for property losses Proceeds from dispositions of real estate Contributions to co-investments ) ) ) Changes in refundable deposits ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities Non-operating distributions from co-investments 
 F- 18 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from unsecured debt and mortgage notes Payments on unsecured debt and mortgage notes ) ) ) Proceeds from lines of credit Repayments of lines of credit ) ) ) Retirement of common units ) ) ) Additions to deferred charges ) ) ) Payments related to debt prepayment penalties ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common units ) ) ) Net proceeds from stock options exercised Payments related to tax withholding for share-based compensation ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Redemption of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Common units distributions paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest Interest capitalized Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Transfers between real estate under development and rental properties, net Transfer from real estate under development to co-investments Reclassifications (from) to redeemable noncontrolling interest from general and limited partner capital and noncontrolling interest ) ) Debt assumed in connection with acquisition 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 F- 19 

Table of Contents 

 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(1) 
 general partner interest and the limited partners owned a interest as of December 31, 2022. The limited partners may convert their Operating Partnership units into an equivalent number of shares of Essex common stock. Total Operating Partnership limited partnership units ("OP Units," and the holders of such OP Units, "Unitholders") outstanding were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the redemption value of the units, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock, totaled approximately million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has reserved shares of common stock for such conversions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned or had ownership interests in operating apartment communities, comprising apartment homes, excluding the Company's ownership interests in preferred interest co-investments, loan investments, operating commercial buildings, and a development pipeline comprised of unconsolidated joint venture project. The operating apartment communities are located in Southern California (primarily Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, and Ventura counties), Northern California (the San Francisco Bay Area) and the Seattle metropolitan areas. 
 
 F- 20 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(2) 

limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership not held by the Company at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. These percentages include the Operating Partnership s vested long-term incentive plan units (see Note 14). 
 
 (b) 

(c) 

(d) 
 
 , are capitalized. Operating real estate assets are stated at cost and consist of land and land improvements, buildings and improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, and other costs incurred during their development, redevelopment and acquisition. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 
 
 - years 
 Interior apartment home improvements years Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 Land improvements and certain exterior components of real property years Real estate structures years 
 
 F- 21 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company periodically assesses the carrying value of its real estate investments for indicators of impairment. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on monitoring investment market conditions and performance compared to budget for operating properties including the net operating income for the most recent 12 month period, monitoring estimated costs for properties under development, the Company's ability to hold and its intent with regard to each asset, and each property's remaining useful life. Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property held for investment may not be fully recoverable, the carrying amount is evaluated. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount (including intangible assets) of a property held for investment, then the Company will recognize an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the property. Fair value of a property is determined using conventional real estate valuation methods, such as discounted cash flow, the property s unleveraged yield in comparison to the unleveraged yields and/or sales prices of similar communities that have been recently sold, and other third party information, if available. Communities held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, properties were classified as held for sale. The Company did t record an impairment charge for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company recorded an impairment charge of million for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to one of the Company's consolidated properties as a result of a change in the Company's intent to hold the property for its remaining useful life. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company will receive purchase offers for its communities, either solicited or unsolicited. For those offers that are accepted, the prospective buyer will usually require a due diligence period before consummation of the transaction. It is not unusual for matters to arise that result in the withdrawal or rejection of the offer during this process. The Company classifies real estate as "held for sale" when the Company has obtained necessary management approvals to sell a property and the sale of the property is expected to be completed within a year. Evaluating solicited or unsolicited offers generally does not cause properties to be classified as held for sale. 
 
 (e) 
 
 F- 22 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

The Company evaluates its investments in co-investments for impairment and records a loss if the carrying value is greater than the fair value of the investment and the impairment is other-than-temporary. The Company recorded a million impairment loss from an unconsolidated co-investment for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of an other-than-temporary decrease in the fair value of the underlying investment. other-than-temporary impairment charges were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 (f) 
 
 to months). Revenues from tenants leasing commercial space are recorded on a straight-line basis over the life of the respective lease. See Note 4, Revenues, and Note 10, Lease Agreements - Company as Lessor, for additional information regarding such revenues. 
 
 The Company also generates other property-related revenue associated with the leasing of apartment homes, including storage income, pet rent, and other miscellaneous revenue. Similar to rental income, such revenues are recorded when due from tenants and recognized monthly as they are earned. 
 
 Apart from rental and other property-related revenue, revenues from contracts with customers are recognized as control of the promised services is passed to the customer. For customer contracts related to management and other fees from affiliates (which includes asset management and property management), the transaction price and amount of revenue to be recognized is determined each quarter based on the management fee calculated and earned for that month or quarter. The contract will contain a description of the service and the fee percentage for management services. Payments from such services are one month or one quarter in arrears of the service performed. 
 
 The Company recognizes any gains on sales of real estate when it transfers control of a property and when it is probable that the Company will collect substantially all of the related consideration. 
 
 (g) 
 
 or less when purchased are classified as cash equivalents. Restricted cash balances relate primarily to reserve requirements for capital replacement at certain communities in connection with the Company s mortgage debt. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents - restricted Total unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 (h) 
 
 million and 
 F- 23 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million, respectively, of equity securities presented within common stock and stock funds in the tables below represent investments measured at fair value, using net asset value as a practical expedient, and are not categorized in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Any unrealized gain or loss in debt securities classified as available for sale is recorded as other comprehensive income. There were no other than temporary impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Unrealized gains and losses in equity securities, realized gains and losses in debt securities, interest income, and amortization of purchase discounts are included in interest and other income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, equity securities and available for sale debt securities consisted primarily of investment funds-debt securities, common stock, preferred stock and stock funds, and investment-grade unsecured debt. 
 
 ) Common stock, preferred stock, and stock funds ) Total - Marketable securities ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized (Loss) Gain Carrying Value Equity securities: Investment funds - debt securities ) Common stock and stock funds Debt securities: Available for sale 
 Investment-grade unsecured debt Total - Marketable securities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities totaled million, million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, these sales resulted in gains of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the portion of equity security unrealized losses or gains that were recognized in income totaled million in losses and million in gains, respectively, and were included in interest and other income on the Company's consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 
 F- 24 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(j) 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company capitalizes leasing costs associated with the lease-up of development communities and amortizes the costs over the life of the leases. The amounts capitalized are immaterial for all periods presented. 
 
 (k) 

F- 25 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, to be billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management has estimated the fair value of the Company s million and million of variable rate debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to be million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on the terms of existing mortgage notes payable, unsecured debt, and variable rate demand notes compared to those available in the marketplace. Management believes that the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, construction payables, other liabilities and dividends payable approximate fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. Marketable securities are carried at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (l) 

(m) 
 
 F- 26 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Capital gain Unrecaptured section 1250 capital gain 
 
 (n) 

(o) Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, by Component ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Other comprehensive income ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, by Component 
 Essex Portfolio, L.P. in thousands) Change in fair value and amortization of swap settlements Unrealized gain on available for sale securities Total Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Other comprehensive income ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 F- 27 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(p) Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 
 
 The carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interest in the accompanying balance sheets was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The limited partners may redeem their noncontrolling interests for cash in certain circumstances. 
 
 Reclassifications due to change in redemption value and other ) ) Redemptions ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 (q) 

(r) 
 
 DownREIT entities (comprising communities), and co-investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company consolidates these entities because it is deemed the primary beneficiary. The Company has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. The consolidated total assets and liabilities related to the above consolidated co-investments and DownREIT entities, net of intercompany eliminations, were approximately million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Noncontrolling interests in these entities were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company's financial risk in each VIE is limited to its equity investment in the VIE. 
 
 The DownREIT VIEs collectively own apartment communities in which the Company is the general partner or manager of the DownREIT entity, the Operating Partnership is a special limited partner or member, and the other limited partners or members were granted rights of redemption for their interests. Such limited partners or members can request to be redeemed and the Company, subject to certain restrictions, can elect to redeem their rights for cash or by issuing shares of its common stock on a share per unit basis. Conversion values will be based on the market value of the Company's common stock at the time of redemption multiplied by the number of units stipulated under various arrangements, as noted above. The other limited partners or members receive distributions based on the Company's current dividend rate times the number of units held. Total DownREIT units outstanding were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the redemption value of the units, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock totaled approximately million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interest in the accompanying balance sheets was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of these amounts, million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, represent units of limited partners' or members' interests in DownREIT VIEs as to which it is outside of the Company s control to redeem the DownREIT units with Company common stock and may potentially be redeemed for cash, and are presented at either their redemption value or 
 F- 28 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are classified within noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Interest holders in VIEs consolidated by the Company are allocated a priority of net income equal to the cash payments made to those interest holders or distributions from cash flow. The remaining results of operations are generally allocated to the Company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any other VIEs of which it was deemed to be the primary beneficiary and did not have any VIEs of which it was not deemed to be the primary beneficiary. 
 
 (s) Government Assistance 
 
 million and million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is reflected in general and administrative expenses, property operating, excluding real estate taxes, expenses and equity income from co-investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 

(3) 
 
 communities consisting of apartment homes for approximately million. Property Name Location Apartment Homes Essex Ownership Percentage Quarter in 2022 Purchase Price Regency Palm Court and Windsor Court (1) 
 Los Angeles, CA Q3 Total 2022 
 
 minority interest in apartment communities, consisting of apartment homes located in Los Angeles, CA, for a contract price of million. As a result of this acquisition, the Company realized a gain on remeasurement of co-investment of million upon consolidation. 
 
 The consolidated fair value of the acquisitions listed above was included on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as follows: million was included in land and land improvements, million was included in buildings and improvements, million was included in prepaid expenses and other assets. 
 
 F- 29 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

apartment community consisting of apartment homes and commercial properties for approximately million. Additionally, in June 2021, the Company purchased its joint venture partner's membership interest in the BEX III, LLC's ("BEX III") co-investment that owned an apartment community consisting of apartment homes, based on a property valuation of million, for approximately million. In conjunction with the acquisition, million of mortgage debt that encumbered the property was paid off. As a result of this acquisition, the Company realized a gain on remeasurement of its existing co-investment of million. The consolidated fair value of these acquisitions was included on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as follows: million was included in land and land improvements, million was included in buildings and improvements, million was included in prepaid expenses and other assets, within the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 (b) Sales of Real Estate Investments 
 
 EPLP Q4 (1) 
 Total 2022 
 
 (1) The Company recognized a million gain on sale. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold apartment communities consisting of apartment homes for million, resulting in gains of million. In conjunction with the sales, the Company repaid million of mortgage debt that encumbered one of the properties. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold apartment communities consisting of apartment homes for million, resulting in gains of million. 
 
 (c) Co-investments 
 
 The Company has joint ventures which are accounted for under the equity method. The co-investments accounting policies are similar to the Company s accounting policies. The co-investments typically own, operate, and develop apartment communities. Additionally, the Company has invested in technology co-investments and as of December 31, 2022 the co-investment balance of these investments was million and the aggregate commitment was million. 
 
 In January 2022, Wesco VI, LLC Wesco VI ), one of the Company's joint ventures with an institutional partner, acquired 
 Vela, a -unit apartment home community located in Woodland Hills, CA, for a total contract price of million. The 
 property was encumbered by a million related party bridge loan from the Company, with an interest rate of that was paid off in January 2022 and replaced by permanent secured debt with an institutional lender. See Note 6, Related Party Transactions, for additional details. 
 
 In March 2022, the Wesco III, LLC ("Wesco III") operating agreement was amended to extend the venture. As part of the amendment, the Company earned million in promote interest. 
 
 In April 2022, the Wesco IV, LLC ("Wesco IV") joint venture operating agreement was amended to extend the venture. As part of the amendment, the Company and the joint venture partner agreed that the Company earned a promote interest of approximately million. The Company agreed to contribute the earned promote interest to the joint venture, resulting in an increase in the Company's ownership interest in Wesco IV to . 
 
 F- 30 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

BEXAEW, BEX II, BEX IV and 500 Folsom Other (3) 
 Total operating and other co-investments, net Total development co-investments Total preferred interest co-investments (includes related party investments of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively - Note 6 - Related Party Transactions for further discussion) 
 Total co-investments, net 
 
 (1) Weighted average Company ownership percentages are as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, the Company's investments in Wesco I, Wesco III, and Wesco IV were classified as a liability of million due to distributions received in excess of the Company's investment. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's investment in Wesco I was classified as a liability of million due to distributions received in excess of the Company's investment. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, the Company's investments in Expo and Century Towers were classified as a liability of million due to distributions received in excess of the Company's investment. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's investment in Expo was classified as a liability of million due to distributions received in excess of the Company's investment. The weighted average Essex ownership percentage excludes our investments in non-core technology co-investments which are carried at fair value. 
 
 F- 31 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Other assets Total assets Debt Other liabilities Equity Total liabilities and equity Company's share of equity 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Combined statements of income: (1) 
 Property revenues Property operating expenses ) ) ) Net operating income Interest expense ) ) ) General and administrative ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Net income ) ) ) Company's share of net income (2) 

(1) Includes preferred equity investments held by the Company. 
 (2) Includes the Company's share of equity income from joint ventures and preferred equity investments, gain on sales of co-investments, co-investment promote income and income from early redemption of preferred equity investments. Includes related party income of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Operating Co-investments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company, through several joint ventures, owned and apartment homes, respectively, in operating communities. The Company s book value of these co-investments was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Predevelopment and Development Co-investments 
 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company, through several joint ventures, owned apartment homes in predevelopment and development communities. The Company s book value of these co-investments was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 32 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

apartment homes located in San Diego, CA. The Company has a ownership interest in the development which has a projected total cost of million. Construction began in the third quarter of 2020. The property is projected to commence initial occupancy in the second quarter of 2023 and is projected to be fully stabilized in the first quarter of 2024. The Company has a million preferred equity investment in the project, which accrues an annualized preferred return of until it is redeemed. 
 
 Preferred Equity Investments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held preferred equity investment interests in several joint ventures which own real estate. The Company s book value of these preferred equity investments was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in the co-investments line in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 During 2022, the Company made commitments to fund million of preferred equity investment in real estate ventures, including one with a related party. See Note 6, Related Party Transactions, for additional details. The investments have initial preferred returns ranging from - , with maturities ranging from January 2026 to September 2032. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had fully funded million of the commitments. 
 During 2021, the Company made commitments to fund million of preferred equity investment in real estate ventures. The investments have initial preferred returns ranging from - , with maturities ranging from January 2026 to December 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had fully funded million of the commitments. 
 During 2020, the Company made commitments to fund million of preferred equity investment in preferred equity investments. The investments have initial preferred returns ranging from - , with maturities ranging from March 2022 to February 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had funded million of the million of commitments. 
 During 2019, the Company made commitments to fund million of preferred equity investment in preferred equity investments, some of which include related party sponsors. See Note 6, Related Party Transactions, for additional details. The investments have initial preferred returns ranging from - , with maturities ranging from July 2022 to October 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had fully funded million of the commitments. 
 
 During 2018, the Company made commitments to fund million of preferred equity investment in preferred equity investments, some of which include related party sponsors. See Note 6, Related Party Transactions, for additional details. The investments have initial preferred returns ranging from - , with maturities ranging from May 2023 to April 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had funded million of the million of commitments. The remaining committed amount is expected to be funded when requested by the sponsors. 
 
 During 2022, the Company received cash proceeds of million, including an early redemption fee of million, for the full redemption of preferred equity investments and partial redemption of preferred equity investments in joint ventures that hold properties located in California. The Company recorded a million impairment loss from a preferred equity investment in an unconsolidated co-investment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In November 2021, the Company converted million of its existing preferred equity investment in Silver, a -unit apartment home community located in San Jose, CA, into a common equity interest in the property. The Company will retain its remaining million preferred equity investment in the property at a preferred return of . The property is encumbered by million of mortgage debt at a rate of . 
 
 (d) Real Estate under Development 
 
 The Company defines development projects as new communities that are being constructed, or are newly constructed and are in a phase of lease-up and have not yet reached stabilized operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's development pipeline was comprised of unconsolidated joint venture project under development aggregating apartment homes and various predevelopment projects, with total incurred costs of million. 
 
 F- 33 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(4) 
 
 Other property Management and other fees from affiliates Total revenues 
 
 The following table presents the Company s rental and other property revenues disaggregated by geographic operating segment in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Southern California Northern California Seattle Metro Other real estate assets (1) 
 Total rental and other property revenues 
 
 (1) Other real estate assets consist of revenue generated from retail space, commercial properties, held for sale properties, disposition properties and straight-line rent adjustments for concessions. Executive management does not evaluate such operating performance geographically. 
 
 The following table presents the Company s rental and other property revenues disaggregated by current property category status in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Same-property (1) 
 Acquisitions (2) 
 Development (3) 
 Redevelopment Non-residential/other, net (4) 
 Straight line rent concession (5) 
 ) ) Total rental and other property revenues 
 
 (1) Properties that have comparable stabilized results as of January 1, 2021 and are consolidated by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. A community is generally considered to have reach stabilized operations once it achieves an initial occupancy of . 
 (2) Acquisitions include properties acquired which did not have comparable stabilized results as of January 1, 2021. 
 (3) Development includes properties developed which did not have stabilized results as of January 1, 2021. 
 (4) Non-residential/other, net consists of revenue generated from retail space, commercial properties, held for sale properties, disposition properties, student housing, properties undergoing significant construction activities that do not meet our redevelopment criteria, and communities located in the California counties of Santa Barbara, and Santa Cruz, which the Company does not consider its core markets. 
 (5) Same-property revenues reflect concessions on a cash basis. Total rental and other property revenues reflect concessions on a straight-line basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

F- 34 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and was included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The amount of revenue recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 that was included in the December 31, 2021 deferred revenue balance was million, which was included in interest and other income within the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account in the new revenue recognition accounting standard. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of remaining performance obligations. The Company expects to recognize approximately of these remaining performance obligations in 2023, an additional through 2025, and the remaining balance thereafter. 
 
 Practical Expedients 
 
 The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or less or when variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation. 
 
 F- 35 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(5) 
 as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021, due February 2023 
 (Originated March 2020) (1) 
 Note receivable, secured, bearing interest at , due December 2023 (Originated November 2020) (2) 
 Note receivable, secured, bearing interest at , due November 2024 (Originated November 2020) 
 Related party note receivable, secured, bearing interest at , due March 2022 (Originated September 2021) (3) (7) 
 Related party note receivable, secured, bearing interest at , due April 2022 (Originated October 2021) (4) (7) 
 Note receivable, secured, bearing interest at , due October 2025 (Originated October 2021) 
 Related party note receivable, secured, bearing interest at , due February 2022 (Originated November 2021) (5) (7) 
 Related party note receivable, secured, bearing interest at , due February 2022 (Originated November 2021) (6) (7) 
 Note receivable, secured, bearing interest at , due August 2024 (Originated August 2022) 
 Notes and other receivables from affiliates (7) (8) 
 Straight line rent receivables (9) 
 Other receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total notes and other receivables 
 
 (1) In December 2022, the Company received cash of million to payoff the principal of this note receivable. 
 (2) In November 2022, the Company received cash of million to payoff the principal of this note receivable. Additionally, the Company received an early redemption fee of million from the payoff. 
 (3) In January 2022, the Company received cash of million to payoff the principal of this note receivable. 
 (4) In January 2022, the Company received cash of million to payoff the principal of this note receivable. 
 (5) In January 2022, the Company received cash of million to payoff the principal of this note receivable. 
 (6) In January 2022, the Company received cash of million to payoff the principal of this note receivable. 
 (7) See Note 6, Related Party Transactions, for additional details. 
 (8) These amounts consist of short-term loans outstanding and due from various joint ventures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (9) These amounts are receivables from lease concessions recorded on a straight-line basis for the Company's operating properties. 
 
 Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 No loans were placed on nonaccrual status or charged off during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 F- 36 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(6) 
 
 brokerage commission fees paid by the Company to MMC and its affiliates related to real estate transactions. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company paid brokerage commissions of million to MMC and its affiliates related to real estate transactions. 
 
 The Company charges certain fees relating to its co-investments for asset management, property management, development and redevelopment services. These fees from affiliates totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. All of these fees are net of intercompany amounts eliminated by the Company. The Company netted development and redevelopment fees of million, million, and million against general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As described in Note 5, Notes and Other Receivables, the Company has provided short-term loans to affiliates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of short-term loans remained outstanding due from joint venture affiliates and are classified within notes and other receivables in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company funded an million preferred equity investment in an entity whose sponsor includes and affiliate of MMC. The entity owns multifamily communities located in Azusa, CA. The investment initially accrues interest based on a preferred return and is scheduled to mature in August 2027. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company provided a million related party bridge loan to BEX II in connection with the payoff of a debt related to one of its properties located in Southern California. The note receivable was scheduled to mature in March 2022, but was subsequently paid off in April 2022. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company provided a million related party bridge loan to Wesco VI in connection with the acquisition of Vela. The note receivable accrued interest at and was scheduled to mature in February 2022, but was paid off in January 2022. Additionally, the Company received cash of million in January 2022 for the payoff of the remaining related party bridge loans to Wesco VI. 
 
 In November 2021, the Company provided a million related party bridge loan in connection with the purchase of an interest in a single asset entity owning an apartment home community in Vista, CA. The note receivable accrued interest at and was scheduled to mature in February 2022 but was paid off in January 2022. The bridge loan is classified within notes and other receivables in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In November 2021, the Company provided a million related party bridge loan to Wesco VI in connection with the acquisition of The Rexford. The note receivable accrued interest at and was scheduled to mature in February 2022, but 
 F- 37 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million related party bridge loan to Wesco VI in connection with the acquisition of Monterra in Mill Creek. The note receivable accrued interest at and was scheduled to mature in April 2022, but was paid off in January 2022. The bridge loan is classified within notes and other receivables in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In September 2021, the Company provided a million related party bridge loan to Wesco VI in connection with the acquisition of Martha Lake Apartments. The note receivable accrued interest at and was scheduled to mature in December 2021. In December 2021, the maturity date of the note receivable was extended to March 2022, and in January 2022, the note receivable was paid off. The bridge loan is classified within notes and other receivables in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In March 2021, the Company provided a million related party bridge loan to Wesco I in connection with the payoff of a debt related to one of its properties located in Southern California. The note receivable accrued interest at and was paid off in July 2021. 
 
 In November 2019, the Company provided an million related party bridge loan to Wesco V in connection with the acquisition of Velo and Ray. The note receivable accrued interest at LIBOR plus and was scheduled to mature in February 2020, but was paid off in January 2020. 
 
 In June 2019, the Company acquired Brio, a -unit apartment home community located in Walnut Creek, CA. The Company issued DownREIT units to an affiliate of MMC, based on a contract price of million. The property was encumbered by million of mortgage debt which was assumed by the Company at the time of acquisition. As a result of this transaction, the Company consolidated the property, based on a VIE analysis performed by the Company. 
 
 In February 2019, the Company funded a million preferred equity investment in an entity whose sponsor is an affiliate of MMC, which owns a multifamily development community located in Mountain View, CA. The investment initially accrued interest based on an preferred return which was reduced to upon completion and lease-up of the project. The investment is scheduled to mature in February 2024. 
 
 In October 2018, the Company funded a million preferred equity investment in an entity whose sponsor is an affiliate of MMC. The entity wholly owns a apartment home community development located in Burlingame, CA. The investment initially accrued interest based on a preferred return which was reduced to upon completion and lease-up of the project. The investment is scheduled to mature in April 2024. 
 
 In May 2018, the Company made a commitment to fund a million preferred equity investment in an entity whose sponsors include an affiliate of MMC. The entity wholly owns a apartment home community located in Ventura, CA. This investment accrued interest based on a initial preferred return. The investment was scheduled to mature in May 2023. In November 2021, the Company received cash of million, for the partial redemption of this preferred equity investment, and the maturity of the remaining commitment was extended to December 2028. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a remaining commitment of million and continues to accrue interest on a preferred return. The remaining committed amount is expected to be funded if and when requested by the sponsors. 
 
 In March 2017, the Company converted its existing million preferred equity investment in Sage at Cupertino, a apartment home community located in San Jose, CA, into a common equity ownership interest in the property. The Company issued DownREIT units to the other members, including an MMC affiliate, based on an estimated property valuation of million. At the time of the conversion, the property was encumbered by million of mortgage debt. As a result of this transaction, the Company consolidates the property, based on a consolidation analysis performed by the Company. 

F- 38 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(7) N/A Bonds public offering - fixed rate, net Unsecured debt, net (2) 
 Lines of credit (3) 
 N/A Total unsecured debt Weighted average interest rate on fixed rate unsecured bonds private placement and bonds public offering Weighted average interest rate on lines of credit 
 
 (1) In October 2022, the Operating Partnership obtained a million unsecured term loan priced at Adjusted SOFR plus . The loan has been swapped to an all-in fixed rate of and matures in October 2024 with extension options, exercisable at the Company's option. The loan includes a delayed draw feature. There was million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes unamortized discount, net of premiums, of million and million and unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Lines of credit, related to the Company's lines of unsecured credit aggregating billion, excludes unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These debt issuance costs are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. In July 2022, the Company's billion credit facility was amended such that the scheduled maturity date was extended to January 2027 with extension options, exercisable at the Company's option. The underlying interest rate on the line is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's corporate ratings and is at the Adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus . As of December 31, 2021, this credit facility had an interest rate of LIBOR plus , which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's credit ratings and a scheduled maturity date of September 2025 with extensions, exercisable at the Company's option. In July 2022, the Company's million working capital unsecured line of credit was amended such that the scheduled maturity date was extended to July 2024. The underlying interest rate on this line is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's corporate ratings and is at the Adjusted SOFR plus . As of December 31, 2021, the Company's working capital unsecured line of credit had an interest rate of LIBOR plus , which is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's credit ratings, and had a scheduled maturity date of February 2023. 
 
 In March 2021, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on March 1, 2028 with a coupon rate of per annum (the "2028 Notes"), which are payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2021. The 2028 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2028 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are unconditionally guaranteed by Essex. The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay upcoming debt maturities, including all or a portion of certain unsecured term loans, and for general corporate and working capital purposes. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying value of the 2028 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs, was million and million. 
 
 F- 39 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million of senior unsecured notes due on June 15, 2031 with a coupon rate of per annum (the "2031 Notes"), which are payable on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2021. The 2031 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2031 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are unconditionally guaranteed by Essex. The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay upcoming debt maturities, including to fund the redemption of million aggregate principal amount (plus the make-whole amount and accrued and unpaid interest) of its outstanding senior unsecured notes due January 2023, and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying value of the 2031 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs, was million and million. 
 
 In February 2020, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on March 15, 2032, with a coupon rate of (the "2032 Notes"), which are payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2020. The 2032 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2032 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are unconditionally guaranteed by Essex. The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay indebtedness under its unsecured lines of credit, which had been used to fund the buyout of CPPIB's joint venture interests, as well as repay million of secured debt during the quarter that ended March 31, 2020. In June 2020, the Operating Partnership issued an additional million of the 2032 Notes at a price of of par value, plus accrued interest from February 2020 up to, but not including, the date of delivery of the additional notes, with an effective yield of . These additional notes have substantially identical terms as the 2032 Notes issued in February 2020. The proceeds were used to repay indebtedness under the Company's unsecured credit facilities and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying value of the 2032 Notes, net of premiums and debt issuance costs, was million and million respectively. 
 
 In August 2020, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes, consisting of million aggregate principal amount due on January 15, 2031 with a coupon rate of (the 2031 Notes and million aggregate principal amount due on September 1, 2050 with a coupon rate of (the 2050 Notes and together with the 2031 Notes, the Notes ). The 2031 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value and the 2050 Notes at of par value. Interest is payable on the 2031 Notes semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2021. Interest is payable on the 2050 Notes semiannually on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2021. The Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are unconditionally guaranteed by Essex. The Company used the net proceeds of this offering to repay debt maturities, including certain unsecured private placement notes, secured mortgage notes, and to fund the redemption of million aggregate principal amount of 
 its outstanding senior unsecured notes due August 2022, and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, the carrying value of the 2031 Notes and 2050 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs was million and million respectively as of December 31, 2022, and million and million respectively as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 In August 2019, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on January 15, 2030, with a coupon rate of per annum (the "2030 Notes"), which are payable on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2020. The 2030 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of the principal amount thereof. The 2030 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. In October 2019, the Operating Partnership issued an additional million of the 2030 notes at a price of of the principal amount thereof. These additional notes have substantially identical terms as the 2030 Notes issued in August 2019. The Company used the net proceeds of these offerings to prepay, with no prepayment penalties, certain secured indebtedness under outstanding mortgage notes, to repay indebtedness under its unsecured lines of credit and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying value of the 2030 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 F- 40 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million of senior unsecured notes due on March 1, 2029, with a coupon rate of per annum (the "2029 Notes"), which are payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2019. The 2029 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of the principal amount thereof. The 2029 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. In March 2019, the Operating Partnership issued an additional million of the 2029 Notes at a price of of the principal amount thereof. These additional notes have substantially identical terms as the 2029 Notes issued in February 2019. The Company used the net proceeds of these offerings to repay indebtedness under its unsecured lines of credit and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying value of the 2029 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs was million and million, respectively. 
 
 In March 2018, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on March 15, 2048 with a coupon rate of per annum and are payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2018 (the "2048 Notes"). The 2048 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2048 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the 2048 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs was million and million, respectively. 
 
 In April 2017, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on May 1, 2027 with a coupon rate of per annum and are payable on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2017 (the "2027 Notes"). The 2027 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2027 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the 2027 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs was million and million, respectively. 
 
 In April 2016, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on April 15, 2026 with a coupon rate of per annum and are payable on April 15 th and October 15 th of each year, beginning October 15, 2016 (the "2026 Notes"). The 2026 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2026 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the 2026 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs was million and million, respectively. 
 
 In March 2015, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on April 1, 2025 with a coupon rate of per annum and are payable on April 1 st and October 1 st of each year, beginning October 1, 2015 (the "2025 Notes"). The 2025 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2025 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the 2025 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs was million and million, respectively. 
 
 In April 2014, the Company assumed million aggregate principal amount of BRE Property Inc. s senior notes due 2017; senior notes due 2021; and senior notes due 2023 (together the "BRE Notes"). These notes are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the BRE Notes had amount outstanding. In March 2017, the Company paid off million of senior notes, at maturity. In December 2020, the Company paid off million of senior notes. In June 2021, the Company paid off the remaining million of senior notes due 2023. 
 
 In April 2014, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on May 1, 2024 with a coupon rate of per annum and are payable on May 1 st and November 1 st of each year, beginning November 1, 2014 (the "2024 Notes"). The 2024 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2024 Notes are general unsecured 
 F- 41 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 In April 2013, the Operating Partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due on May 1, 2023 with a coupon rate of per annum and are payable on May 1 st and November 1 st of each year, beginning November 1, 2013 (the "2023 Notes"). The 2023 Notes were offered to investors at a price of of par value. The 2023 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership, rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. These bonds are included in the line "Bonds public offering-fixed rate" in the table above, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the 2023 Notes, net of discount and debt issuance costs was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Senior notes May 2024 Senior notes April 2025 Senior notes April 2026 Senior notes May 2027 Senior notes March 2028 Senior notes March 2029 Senior notes January 2030 Senior notes January 2031 Senior notes June 2031 Senior notes March 2032 Senior notes March 2048 Senior notes September 2050 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unsecured lines of credit aggregating billion, including a billion unsecured line of credit and a million working capital unsecured line of credit. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million outstanding on the billion unsecured line of credit. In July 2022, this credit facility was amended such that the scheduled maturity date was extended to January 2027 with extension options, exercisable at the Company's option. The underlying interest rate on the line is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's corporate ratings and is at the Adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus . As of December 31, 2021, there was million outstanding on the line with an interest rate based on a tiered rate structure tied to 
 F- 42 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

. This line of credit had a scheduled maturity date in September 2025 with extensions, exercisable at the Company's option as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million outstanding on the Company's million working capital unsecured line of credit. In July 2022, the line of credit facility was amended such that the scheduled maturity date was extended to July 2024. The underlying interest rate on this line is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's corporate ratings and is at the Adjusted SOFR plus . As of December 31, 2021, there was million outstanding on this line with an interest rate based on a tiered rate structure tied to the Company's credit ratings and was LIBOR plus as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company s unsecured lines of credit and unsecured debt agreements contain debt covenants related to limitations on indebtedness and liabilities, and maintenance of minimum levels of consolidated earnings before depreciation, interest and amortization. The Company was in compliance with the debt covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(8) 
 
 Variable rate mortgage notes payable (1) 
 Total mortgage notes payable (2) 
 Number of properties securing mortgage notes Remaining terms - years 
 - years 
 Weighted average interest rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 (1) Variable rate mortgage notes payable, including million in bonds that have been converted to variable rate through total return swap contracts, consists of multifamily housing mortgage revenue bonds secured by deeds of trust on rental properties and guaranteed by collateral pledge agreements, payable monthly at a variable rate as defined in the Loan Agreement (approximately at December 2022 and at December 2021) including credit enhancement and underwriting fees. Among the terms imposed on the properties, which are security for the bonds, is a requirement that of the apartment homes are subject to tenant income criteria. Once the bonds have been repaid, the properties may no longer be obligated to comply with such tenant income criteria. Principal balances are due in full at various maturity dates from December 2027 through December 2046. The Company had no interest rate cap agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes total unamortized premium, net of discounts, of million and million and reduced by unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 For the Company s mortgage notes payable as of December 31, 2022, monthly interest expense and principal amortization, excluding balloon payments, totaled approximately million and million, respectively. Second deeds of trust accounted for of the mortgage notes payable balance as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Repayment of debt before the scheduled maturity date could result in prepayment penalties. of the amount of the principal being prepaid or (b) the present 
 F- 43 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(9) 
 
 forward starting interest rate swap, with settlement payments commencing in May 2023, related to the million unsecured term loan entered into in October 2022. The term loan is priced at Adjusted SOFR plus and has been swapped to an all-in fixed rate of . The term loan matures in October 2024 with extension options, each exercisable at the Company's option and the swap has a termination date of October 2026. The term loan includes a delayed draw feature and had no balance drawn as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In November 2016, the Company replaced its million term loan with a million term loan with a delayed draw feature that carries a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus basis points. In 2016, the Company entered into forward starting interest rate swaps (settlement payments commenced in March 2017) and in 2017, the Company entered into forward starting interest rate swap (settlement payments commenced in March 2017) all related to the million term loan. These swaps, with a total notional amount of million were terminated during the year-ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had interest rate caps. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate carrying value of the interest rate swap contracts were an asset of million and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the swap contracts were presented in the consolidated balance sheets as an asset of million and , respectively, and were included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Hedge ineffectiveness related to cash flow hedges, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of income, was for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 
 The Company has total return swap contracts, with an aggregate notional amount of million, that effectively convert million of mortgage notes payable to a floating interest rate based on the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Municipal Swap Index ("SIFMA") plus a spread. The total return swaps provide fair market value protection on the mortgage notes payable to our counterparties during the initial period of the total return swap until the Company's option to call the mortgage notes at par can be exercised. The Company can currently call all of the total return swaps with million of the outstanding debt at par. These derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting and had a carrying and fair value of at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These total return swaps are scheduled to mature between December 2024 and November 2033. The realized gains of million, million, and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were reported on the consolidated statements of income as total return swap income. 

(10) 
 
 commercial buildings, and commercial portions of mixed use communities. The apartment homes are rented under short-term leases (generally, lease terms of to months) while commercial lease terms typically range from to years. All such leases are classified as operating leases. 
 
 F- 44 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 The Company accounts for operating lease (e.g., fixed payments including rent) and non-lease components (e.g., utility reimbursements and common-area maintenance costs) as a single combined lease component under ASC 842 "Leases" as the lease components are the predominant elements of the combined components. 

(11) 
 
 to years while ground leases and the parking lease have terms typically ranging from to years. The corporate office leases occasionally contain renewal options of approximately while certain ground leases contain renewal options that can extend the lease term from approximately to years. 
 
 A majority of the Company s ground leases and the parking lease are subject to changes in the Consumer Price Index ("CPI"). Furthermore, certain of the Company s ground leases include rental payments based on a percentage of gross or net income. While lease liabilities are not remeasured as a result of changes in the CPI or percentage of gross or net income, such changes are treated as variable lease payments and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments was incurred. 
 
 The Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 
 
 F- 45 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Total leased assets Liabilities Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Weighted-average of discount rates Operating Leases 
 F- 46 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(12) 
 million (the "2021 ATM Program"). In connection with the 2021 ATM Program, the Company may also enter into related forward sale agreements, and may sell shares of its common stock pursuant to these agreements. The use of a forward sale agreement would allow the Company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares of its common stock at the time the agreement is executed, but defer receipt of the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date should the Company elect to settle such forward sale agreement, in whole or in part, in shares of its common stock. The 2021 ATM Program replaced the Company's prior equity distribution agreement entered into in September 2018 ("the "2018 ATM Program") which was terminated upon the establishment of the 2021 ATM Program. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not sell any shares of its common stock through the 2021 ATM Program. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company did not sell any shares of its common stock through the 2021 ATM Program or the 2018 ATM Program. As of December 31, 2022, there are no outstanding forward sale agreements, and million of shares remain available to be sold under the 2021 ATM Program. 
 Operating Partnership Units and Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") Units 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Operating Partnership had outstanding and OP Units respectively. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Operating Partnership had vested LTIP units. The Operating Partnership s general partner, Essex, owned of the partnership interests in the Operating Partnership as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and Essex is responsible for the management of the Operating Partnership s business. As the general partner of the Operating Partnership, Essex effectively controls the ability to issue common stock of Essex upon a limited partner s notice of redemption. Essex has generally acquired OP Units upon a limited partner s notice of redemption in exchange for shares of its common stock. The redemption provisions of OP Units owned by limited partners that permit Essex to settle in either cash or common stock at the option of Essex were further evaluated in accordance with applicable accounting guidance to determine whether temporary or permanent equity classification on the balance sheet is appropriate. The Operating Partnership evaluated this guidance, including the requirement to settle in unregistered shares, and determined that, with few exceptions, these OP Units meet the requirements to qualify for presentation as permanent equity. 
 
 LTIP units represent an interest in the Operating Partnership for services rendered or to be rendered by the LTIP unitholder in its capacity as a partner, or in anticipation of becoming a partner, in the Operating Partnership. Upon the occurrence of specified events, LTIP units may over time achieve full parity with common units of the Operating Partnership for all purposes. Upon achieving full parity, LTIP units will be exchanged for an equal number of the OP Units. 
 
 The collective redemption value of OP Units and LTIP units owned by the limited partners, not including Essex, was approximately million and million based on the closing price of Essex's common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F- 47 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(13) 
 
 Effect of Dilutive Securities Stock options DownREIT units Diluted: Net income available to common stockholders 
 
 The table above excludes from the calculations of diluted earnings per share weighted average convertible OP Units of , and , which include vested Series Z-1 Incentive Units, 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Units, and 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Units, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because they were anti-dilutive. The related income allocated to these convertible OP Units aggregated million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Stock options of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the assumed proceeds per share of such options plus the average unearned compensation were greater than the average market price of the common stock for the years ended and, therefore, were anti-dilutive. 
 
 Essex Portfolio, L.P. 
 
 Effect of Dilutive Securities Stock options DownREIT units Diluted: Net income available to common unitholders 
 
 F- 48 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

, , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per unit because the assumed proceeds per unit of these options plus the average unearned compensation were greater than the average market price of the common unit for the years ended and, therefore, were anti-dilutive. 
 
 F- 49 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(14) 
 shares, plus the number of shares authorized for grants and available for issuance under the 2013 Plan as of the effective date of the 2018 Plan and the number of shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2013 Plan that are forfeited or otherwise not issued under such awards. No further awards will be granted under the 2013 Plan and the shares that remained available for future issuance under the 2013 Plan as of the effective date of the 2018 Plan will be available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. In connection with the adoption of the 2018 Plan, the Board delegated to the Compensation Committee of the Board the authority to administer the 2018 Plan. 
 
 Equity-based compensation costs for options and restricted stock under the fair value method totaled million, million, and million for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 equity-based compensation costs included million related to restricted stock for bonuses awarded based on asset dispositions, which is recorded as a cost of real estate and land sold, respectively. Stock-based compensation for options and restricted stock related to recipients who are direct and incremental to projects under development were capitalized and totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The intrinsic value of the options exercised totaled million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. The intrinsic value of the options exercisable totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and the unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 
 The average fair value of stock options granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. Certain stock options granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020 included a cap on the appreciation of the market price over the exercise price. 
 Risk-free interest rates Expected lives years years years Volatility Dividend yield 

F- 50 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Granted Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited and canceled ) ) Outstanding at end of year Options exercisable at year end 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited and canceled ) ) ) Unvested at end of year 
 
 The unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans LTIP Units 
 
 On December 9, 2014, the Operating Partnership issued LTIP units under the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award agreements to executives of the Company. The 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Units (the "2015 LTIP Units") are subject to forfeiture based on performance-based and service based conditions. An additional LTIP units were granted subject only to performance-based criteria and were fully vested on the date granted. The 2015 LTIP Units, that are subject to vesting, vested at per year on each of the first five anniversaries of the initial grant date. The 2015 LTIP Units performance conditions measurement ended on December 9, 2015 and of the units awarded were earned by the recipients. 2015 LTIP Units not earned based on the performance-based criteria were automatically forfeited by the recipients. The 2015 LTIP Units are convertible -for-one into OP Units which, in turn, are convertible into common stock of the Company subject to a liquidity restriction. 
 
 In December 2013, the Operating Partnership issued LTIP units under the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award agreements to executives of the Company. The 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Units (the "2014 LTIP Units") were subject to forfeiture based on performance-based conditions and are currently subject to service based vesting. The 2014 LTIP Units vested per year on each of the first four anniversaries of the initial grant date. In December 2014, the Company achieved the performance criteria and all of the 2014 LTIP Units awarded were earned by the recipients, subject to satisfaction of service based vesting conditions. The 2014 LTIP Units are convertible -for-one into OP Units which, in turn, are convertible into common stock of the Company subject to a liquidity restriction. 
 
 The estimated fair value of the 2015 LTIP Units and 2014 LTIP Units were determined on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations under a risk-neutral premise and considered Essex s stock price on the date of grant, the unpaid dividends on unvested units and the discount factor for of illiquidity. 
 
 F- 51 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

to years of illiquidity. Compensation expense is calculated by multiplying estimated vesting increases for the period by the estimated fair value as of the grant date. 
 
 During 2011 and 2010, the Operating Partnership issued Series Z-1 Incentive Units (the "Z-1 Units") of limited partner interest to executives of the Company. The Z-1 Units are convertible -for-one into common units of the Operating Partnership (which, in turn, are convertible into common stock of the Company) upon the earlier to occur of percent vesting of the units or the year 2026. The conversion ratchet (accounted for as vesting) of the Z-1 Units into common units, is to increase consistent with the Company s annual FFO growth, but is not to be less than or greater than percent. Z-1 Unitholders are entitled to receive distributions, on vested units, that are now equal to dividends distributed to common stockholders. 
 
 Equity-based compensation costs for LTIP and Z Units under the fair value method totaled approximately for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Equity-based compensation costs related to LTIP Units attributable to recipients who are direct and incremental to these projects was capitalized to real estate under development and totaled approximately for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The intrinsic value of the vested and unvested LTIP Units totaled million as of December 31, 2022. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to the unvested LTIP Units under the LTIP Units plans was as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Converted ) ) Cancelled Balance, December 31, 2020 Granted Vested Converted Cancelled Balance, December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Converted Cancelled Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 F- 52 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(15) 
 
 geographical regions in which its communities are located: Southern California, Northern California and Seattle Metro. 
 
 Excluded from segment revenues and NOI are management and other fees from affiliates and interest and other income. Non-segment revenues and NOI included in the following schedule also consist of revenues generated from commercial properties and properties that have been sold. Other non-segment assets include items such as real estate under development, co-investments, real estate held for sale, cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, notes and other receivables, and prepaid expenses and other assets. 
 
 F- 53 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Northern California Seattle Metro Other real estate assets Total property revenues Net operating income: Southern California Northern California Seattle Metro Other real estate assets Total net operating income Management and other fees from affiliates Corporate-level property management expenses ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) General and administrative ) ) ) Expensed acquisition and investment related costs ) ) ) Impairment loss ) Gain on sale of real estate and land Interest expense ) ) ) Total return swap income Interest and other (loss) income ) Equity income from co-investments Deferred tax benefit (expense) on unconsolidated co-investments ) ) Loss on early retirement of debt, net ) ) ) Gain on remeasurement of co-investment Net income 
 
 F- 54 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Northern California Seattle Metro Other real estate assets Net reportable operating segments - real estate assets Real estate under development Co-investments Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash Marketable securities Notes and other receivables Operating lease right-of-use assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets 

(16) 
 of the employee contributions up to a specified maximum. Company contributions to the Plan were approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

(17) 
 
 F- 55 

Table of Contents 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

million of the Company s property level insurance claims per incident. As of December 31, 2022, PWI has cash and marketable securities of approximately million. These assets are consolidated in the Company s financial statements. Beginning in 2013, the Company has obtained limited third party seismic insurance on selected assets in the Company's co-investments. 

F- 56 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Brio Walnut Creek, CA ) 3-30 Fountain Park Playa Vista, CA ) 3-30 Highridge Rancho Palos Verdes, CA ) 3-30 Magnolia Square/Magnolia 
 Lane (2) 
 Sunnyvale, CA ) 3-30 Marquis San Jose, CA ) 3-30 Sage at Cupertino San Jose, CA ) 3-30 The Barkley (3) 
 Anaheim, CA ) 3-30 The Dylan West Hollywood, CA ) 3-30 The Huxley West Hollywood, CA ) 3-30 Township Redwood City, CA ) 3-30 ) Unencumbered Communities Agora Walnut Creek, CA ) 3-30 Alessio Los Angeles, CA ) 5-30 Allegro Valley Village, CA ) 3-30 Allure at Scripps Ranch San Diego, CA ) 5-30 Alpine Village Alpine, CA ) 3-30 Annaliese Seattle, WA ) 3-30 Apex Milpitas, CA ) 3-30 Aqua Marina Del Rey Marina Del Rey, CA ) 5-30 Ascent Kirkland, WA ) 3-30 Ashton Sherman Village Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Avant Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Avenue 64 Emeryville, CA ) 5-30 Aviara (4) 
 Mercer Island, WA ) 5-30 Avondale at Warner Center Woodland Hills, CA ) 3-30 Bel Air San Ramon, CA ) 3-30 Belcarra Bellevue, WA ) 5-30 Bella Villagio San Jose, CA ) 3-30 
 F- 57 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Bellevue, WA ) 5-30 Bellerive Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Belmont Terrace Belmont, CA ) 3-30 Bennett Lofts San Francisco, CA ) 3-30 Bernardo Crest San Diego, CA ) 5-30 Bonita Cedars Bonita, CA ) 3-30 Boulevard Fremont, CA ) 3-30 Brookside Oaks Sunnyvale, CA ) 3-30 Bridle Trails Kirkland, WA ) 3-30 Brighton Ridge Renton, WA ) 3-30 Bristol Commons Sunnyvale, CA ) 3-30 Bunker Hill Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Camarillo Oaks Camarillo, CA ) 3-30 Cambridge Park San Diego, CA ) 5-30 Camino Ruiz Square Camarillo, CA ) 3-30 Canvas Seattle, WA ) 3-30 Canyon Oaks San Ramon, CA ) 3-30 Canyon Pointe Bothell, WA ) 3-30 Capri at Sunny Hills Fullerton, CA ) 3-30 Carmel Creek San Diego, CA ) 5-30 Carmel Landing San Diego, CA ) 5-30 Carmel Summit San Diego, CA ) 5-30 Castle Creek Newcastle, WA ) 3-30 Catalina Gardens Los Angeles, CA ) 5-30 CBC Apartments The Sweeps Goleta, CA ) 3-30 Cedar Terrace Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 CentrePointe San Diego, CA ) 3-30 Chestnut Street Apartments Santa Cruz, CA ) 3-30 City View Hayward, CA ) 3-30 Collins on Pine Seattle, WA ) 3-30 Connolly Station Dublin, CA ) 3-30 Corbella at Juanita Bay Kirkland, WA ) 3-30 
 F- 58 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Rancho Santa Margarita, CA ) 5-30 Country Villas Oceanside, CA ) 3-30 Courtyard off Main Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 Crow Canyon San Ramon, CA ) 5-30 Deer Valley San Rafael, CA ) 5-30 Domaine Seattle, WA ) 3-30 Elevation Redmond, WA ) 3-30 Ellington Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 Emerald Pointe Diamond Bar, CA ) 5-30 Emerald Ridge Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 Emerson Valley Village Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Emme Emeryville, CA ) 3-30 Enso San Jose, CA ) 3-30 Epic San Jose, CA ) 3-30 Esplanade San Jose, CA ) 3-30 Essex Skyline Santa Ana, CA ) 3-30 Evergreen Heights Kirkland, WA ) 3-30 Fairhaven Apartments Santa Ana, CA ) 3-30 Fairway Apartments at Big Canyon (5) 
 Newport Beach, CA ) 3-28 Fairwood Pond Renton, WA ) 3-30 Foothill Commons Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 Foothill Gardens/Twin Creeks San Ramon, CA ) 3-30 Forest View Renton, WA ) 3-30 Form 15 San Diego, CA ) 3-30 Foster's Landing Foster City, CA ) 5-30 Fountain Court Seattle, WA ) 3-30 Fountains at River Oaks San Jose, CA ) 3-30 Fourth U Berkeley, CA ) 3-30 Fox Plaza San Francisco, CA ) 3-30 The Henley I/The Henley II Glendale, CA ) 3-30 Highlands at Wynhaven Issaquah, WA ) 3-30 Hillcrest Park Newbury Park, CA ) 3-30 
 F- 59 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

San Mateo, CA ) 3-30 Hope Ranch Santa Barbara, CA ) 3-30 Huntington Breakers Huntington Beach, CA ) 3-30 Inglenook Court Bothell, WA ) 3-30 Lafayette Highlands Lafayette, CA ) 5-30 Lakeshore Landing San Mateo, CA ) 5-30 Laurels at Mill Creek Mill Creek, WA ) 3-30 Lawrence Station Sunnyvale, CA ) 5-30 Le Parc Santa Clara, CA ) 3-30 Marbrisa Long Beach, CA ) 3-30 Marina City Club (6) 
 Marina Del Rey, CA ) 3-30 Marina Cove (7) 
 Santa Clara, CA ) 3-30 Mariner's Place Oxnard, CA ) 3-30 MB 360 San Francisco, CA ) 3-30 Mesa Village Clairemont, CA ) 3-30 Mill Creek at Windermere San Ramon, CA ) 3-30 Mio San Jose, CA ) 3-30 Mirabella Marina Del Rey, CA ) 3-30 Mira Monte Mira Mesa, CA ) 3-30 Miracle Mile/Marbella Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Mission Hills Oceanside, CA ) 3-30 Mission Peaks Fremont, CA ) 5-30 Mission Peaks II Fremont, CA ) 5-30 Montanosa San Diego, CA ) 5-30 Montclaire Sunnyvale, CA ) 3-30 Montebello Kirkland, WA ) 3-30 Montejo Apartments Garden Grove, CA ) 3-30 Monterey Villas Oxnard, CA ) 3-30 Muse North Hollywood, CA ) 3-30 Mylo Santa Clara, CA ) 3-30 1000 Kiely Santa Clara, CA ) 3-30 Palm Valley San Jose, CA ) 3-30 Paragon Apartments Fremont, CA ) 3-30 
 F- 60 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Park Highland Bellevue, WA ) 5-30 Park Hill at Issaquah Issaquah, WA ) 3-30 Park Viridian Anaheim, CA ) 5-30 Park West San Francisco, CA ) 3-30 Parkwood at Mill Creek Mill Creek, WA ) 5-30 Patent 523 Seattle, WA ) 3-30 Pathways at Bixby Village Long Beach, CA ) 3-30 Piedmont Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 Pinehurst (8) 
 Ventura, CA ) 3-24 Pinnacle at Fullerton Fullerton, CA ) 5-30 Pinnacle on Lake Washington Renton, WA ) 5-30 Pinnacle at MacArthur Place Santa Ana, CA ) 5-30 Pinnacle at Otay Ranch I II Chula Vista, CA ) 5-30 Pinnacle at Talega San Clemente, CA ) 5-30 Pinnacle Sonata Bothell, WA ) 5-30 Pointe at Cupertino Cupertino, CA ) 3-30 Pure Redmond Redmond, WA ) 3-30 Radius Redwood City, CA ) 3-30 Reed Square Sunnyvale, CA ) 3-30 Regency at Encino Encino, CA ) 3-30 Regency Palm Court Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Renaissance at Uptown Orange Orange, CA ) 5-30 Reveal Woodland Hills, CA ) 3-30 Salmon Run at Perry Creek Bothell, WA ) 3-30 Sammamish View Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 101 San Fernando San Jose, CA ) 3-30 San Marcos Richmond, CA ) 3-30 Santee Court/Santee Village Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Shadow Point Spring Valley, CA ) 3-30 Shadowbrook Redmond, WA ) 5-30 Slater 116 Kirkland, WA ) 3-30 Solstice Sunnyvale, CA ) 5-30 
 F- 61 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

San Mateo, CA ) 3-30 Stevenson Place Fremont, CA ) 3-30 Stonehedge Village Bothell, WA ) 3-30 Summerhill Park Sunnyvale, CA ) 3-30 Summit Park San Diego, CA ) 3-30 Taylor 28 Seattle, WA ) 5-30 The Audrey at Belltown Seattle, WA ) 5-30 The Avery Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 The Bernard Seattle, WA ) 3-30 The Blake LA Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 The Cairns Seattle, WA ) 3-30 The Commons Campbell, CA ) 3-30 The Elliot at Mukilteo Mukilteo, WA ) 3-30 The Galloway Pleasanton, CA ) 3-30 The Grand Oakland, CA ) 3-30 The Hallie Pasadena, CA ) 3-30 The Huntington Huntington Beach, CA ) 3-30 The Landing at Jack London Square Oakland, CA ) 5-30 The Lofts at Pinehurst Ventura, CA ) 3-30 The Palisades Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 The Palms at Laguna Niguel Laguna Niguel, CA ) 5-30 The Stuart Pasadena, CA ) 5-30 The Trails of Redmond Redmond, WA ) 5-30 The Village at Toluca Lake Burbank, CA ) 3-30 The Waterford San Jose, CA ) 3-30 Tierra Vista Oxnard, CA ) 3-30 Tiffany Court Los Angeles, CA ) 5-30 Trabuco Villas Lake Forest, CA ) 3-30 Valley Park Fountain Valley, CA ) 3-30 Via Sunnyvale, CA ) 3-30 Villa Angelina Placentia, CA ) 3-30 Villa Granada Santa Clara, CA ) 5-30 
 F- 62 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Costa Mesa, CA ) 5-30 Village Green La Habra, CA ) 5-30 Vista Belvedere Tiburon, CA ) 3-30 Vox Apartments Seattle, WA ) 3-30 Wallace on Sunset Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Walnut Heights Walnut, CA ) 3-30 Wandering Creek Kent, WA ) 3-30 Wharfside Pointe Seattle, WA ) 3-30 Willow Lake San Jose, CA ) 3-30 5600 Wilshire Los Angeles, CA ) 5-30 Wilshire La Brea Los Angeles, CA ) 5-30 Wilshire Promenade Fullerton, CA ) 3-30 Windsor Court Los Angeles, CA ) 3-30 Windsor Ridge Sunnyvale, CA ) 3-30 Woodland Commons Bellevue, WA ) 3-30 Woodside Village Ventura, CA ) 3-30 ) 
 Costs Initial cost capitalized Gross amount carried at close of period Buildings and subsequent Land and Buildings and Accumulated Property Encumbrance Land improvements to acquisition improvements improvements Total (1) 
 depreciation Other real estate assets ) ) Total ) 
 (1) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes is approximately billion (unaudited). 
 (2) A portion of land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2070. 
 (3) The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2083. 
 (4) The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2070. 
 (5) The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2027. 
 (6) The land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring 2067. 
 (7) A portion of land is leased pursuant to a ground lease expiring in 2028. 
 F- 63 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Balance at beginning of year Acquisition, development, and improvement of real estate Depreciation expense Disposition of real estate and other ) ) ) Depreciation expense - Disposals and other ) ) ) Balance at the end of year Balance at the end of year 

F- 64 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Document 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Essex Property Trust, Inc., attached as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 23, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Essex Property Trust, Inc. effec tive as of December 8, 2022 ), attached as Exhibit 3. 1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 13, 2022 , and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Essex Portfolio, L.P. and amendments thereto, attached as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference . 
 4.1 
 Indenture, dated April 15, 2013, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.25 Senior Notes due 2023 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 15, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.2 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Essex Property Trust, Inc., filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Form S-4 Registration Statement, filed January 29, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.3 
 Indenture, dated April 15, 2014, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.875 Senior Notes due 2024 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to Essex Property Trust, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 16, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.4 
 Indenture, dated March 17, 2015, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.500 Senior Notes due 2025 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 17, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.5 
 Indenture, dated April 11, 2016, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of the 3.375 Senior Notes due 2026 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 11, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.6 
 Indenture, dated April 10, 2017, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of the 3.625 Senior Notes due 2027 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 10, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.7 
 Indenture, dated March 8, 2018, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2048 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 8, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.8 
 Indenture, dated February 11, 2019, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2029 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 11, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.9 
 Indenture, dated August 7, 2019, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.000 Senior Notes due 2030 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 7, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.10 
 Indenture, dated February 11, 2020, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.650 Senior Notes due 2032 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 11, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.11 
 Indenture, dated August 24, 2020, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 1.650 Senior Notes due 2031, the form of 2.650 Senior Notes due 2050 and the guarantees thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 24, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.12 
 Indenture, dated March 1, 2021, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex Property Trust, Inc., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 1.700 Senior Notes due 2028 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Table of Contents 

 4.13 
 Indenture, dated June 1, 2021, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., Essex portfolio Trust, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.550 Senior Notes due 2031 and the guarantee thereof, attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.14 
 Description of Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10.1 
 Agreement between Essex Property Trust, Inc. and George M. Marcus, dated March 27, 2003 attached as Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, As Amended and Restated As of January 1, 2021 , attached as Exhib it 10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2022, an d incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.3 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Essex Property Trust, Inc. and its directors and officers, attached as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 21, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4 
 Modification Agreement, dated July 30, 2012, attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.5 
 Amendment to Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2012, between the Company and George Marcus, attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (as Amended and Restated effective March 12, 2013), attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 18, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. . 
 10.7 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Compensation Plan, attached as Appendix B to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held May 14, 2013, filed April 1, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.8 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, attached as Appendix C to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held May 14, 2013, filed April 1, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.9 
 Forms of equity award agreements for officers under the 2013 Stock Award and Incentive Compensation Plan, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.10 
 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Equity Award Program, dated May 17, 2016, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 23, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.11 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Essex Portfolio, L.P., dated as of December 20, 2018, attached as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 21, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.12 
 Third Modification Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2014 by and among Essex Portfolio, L.P., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent and Lender and the other lenders party thereto, attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 31, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.13 
 Forms of Essex Property Trust, Inc., Essex Portfolio L.P., Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreements, attached as Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 2, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.14 
 Terms Agreement dated as of May 20, 2015, among Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., attached as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 26, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.15 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Compensation Plan, attached as Appendix A to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held May 15, 2018, filed March 23, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.16 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 3, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Table of Contents 

 10.17 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Award Agreement, attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 3, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.18 
 Forms of Essex Property Trust, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Award Agreements pursuant to the 2018 Stock Award and Incentive Compensation Plan, attached as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.19 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of Ju ly 7, 2022, among Essex Portfolio, L.P., PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer and other lenders party thereto, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 202 2 , and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.20 
 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 7, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.21 
 Executive Transition Services Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2022, by and between Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Michael J. Schall, attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Essex Property Trust, Inc. and Essex Portfolio, L.P. 
 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 23.2 
 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Michael J. Schall, Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Barbara Pak, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.3 
 Certification of Michael J. Schall, Principal Executive Officer of General Partner, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.4 
 Certification of Barbara Pak, Principal Financial Officer of General Partner, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Michael J. Schall, Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Barbara Pak, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.3 
 Certification of Michael J. Schall, Principal Executive Officer of General Partner, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.4 
 Certification of Barbara Pak, Principal Financial Officer of General Partner, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Table of Contents 

 The schedules and certain exhibits to this agreement, as set forth in the agreement, have not been filed herewith. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of San Mateo, State of California, on February 23, 2023. 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC . 
 By: /s/ BARBARA PAK Barbara Pak Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Authorized Officer, Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ JOHN FARIAS John Farias Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. 
 By: Essex Property Trust, Inc., its general partner 
 By: /s/ BARBARA PAK Barbara Pak Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Authorized Officer, Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ JOHN FARIAS John Farias Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 S-1 

Table of Contents 

 KNOWN ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael J. Schall and Barbara Pak, and each of them, his or her attorney-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorney-in-fact, or his or her or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of each Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature 

Title 

Date 
 /s/ GEORGE M. MARCUS 
 George M. Marcus 
 Director and Chairman of the Board February 23, 2023 /s/ KEITH R. GUERICKE 
 Keith R. Guericke 
 Director, and Vice Chairman of the Board February 23, 2023 /s/ IRVING F. LYONS, III 
 Irving F. Lyons, III 
 Lead Director February 23, 2023 /s/ MARIA R. HAWTHORNE 
 Maria R. Hawthorne 
 Director February 23, 2023 /s/ AMAL M. JOHNSON 
 Amal M. Johnson 
 Director February 23, 2023 /s/ MARY KASARIS 
 Mary Kasaris 
 Director February 23, 2023 /s/ ANGELA L. KLEIMAN 
 Angela L. Kleiman 
 Chief Operating Officer and Sr. Executive Vice President, and Director February 23, 2023 /s/ THOMAS E. ROBINSON 
 Thomas E. Robinson 
 Director February 23, 2023 /s/ MICHAEL J. SCHALL 
 Michael J. Schall 
 Chief Executive Officer and President, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 23, 2023 /s/ BYRON A. SCORDELIS 
 Byron A. Scordelis 
 Director February 23, 2023 
 
 S-2 

<EX-4.14>
 2
 ex414essex-descriptionofre.htm
 EX-4.14

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 References to Essex, we, us, or our mean, unless the context indicates otherwise, Essex Property Trust, Inc., not including any of the entities subsidiaries owned or controlled by Essex Property Trust, Inc. When we refer to Essex s Charter, we mean Essex s articles of incorporation, as amended, supplemented, corrected and restated from time to time. 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 The following is a summary of the general terms of Essex s common stock. This description is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Maryland General Corporation Law and our Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ). Copies of our most recent Charter and Bylaws, and any subsequent amendments thereto, have been filed or incorporated by reference as exhibits to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or a subsequent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). You may obtain copies of any of those documents by visiting the SEC website at http www.sec.gov. 
 General 
 Our Charter provides that we may issue up to 1,000,000,000 shares (par value .0001 per share), consisting of 670,000,000 shares of common stock and 330,000,000 shares of excess stock. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of the outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by stockholders, including the election of directors. The Charter provides that shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 
 Undesignated Stock 
 Our Charter authorizes the Board of Directors of Essex (the Board of Directors ), without stockholder approval, to reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock into other classes or series of stock, to establish the designation and number of shares of each such class or series and to set, subject to the provisions of our Charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of each such class or series. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to the preferential rights of any outstanding class or series of capital stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to such distributions as may be authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors and declared by Essex from funds available for distribution to such holders. Essex currently pays regular quarterly dividends to holders of common stock out of funds legally available for distribution when, and if, authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by Essex. 

Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Essex, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably the assets remaining after satisfaction of all liabilities and payment of liquidation preferences and accrued dividends, if any, on any class or series of capital stock that has a liquidation preference. The rights of holders of common stock are subject to the rights and preferences established by the Board of Directors for any stock that may subsequently be issued by Essex. 
 Other Rights 
 Under Maryland law, stockholders generally are not personally liable for Essex s debts or obligations solely as a result of their status as stockholders. The issued and outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Our common stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights (except with respect to shares of excess stock, described below). 
 Restrictions on Transfer 
 In order for Essex to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), among other requirements, no more than 50 of the value of the outstanding shares of our stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code, during the last half of a taxable year (other than our first year as a REIT) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. In addition, our stock must be owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months (other than our first year as a REIT) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. 
 The Charter, subject to certain exceptions, provides an ownership limit under which no stockholder, other than George M. Marcus (and his wife and children, trusts for the benefit of his descendants and, upon his death, his heirs), may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 6.0 of the value of the issued and outstanding shares of our stock (not including any shares of excess stock). However, the ownership limit provisions provide that a qualified trust, as defined in the Charter, generally may own up to 9.9 of the value of the outstanding shares of our stock. The ownership limit provisions provide that George M. Marcus (and his wife and children, trusts for the benefit of his descendants and, upon his death, his heirs) may own up to 25 of the value of the outstanding shares of our stock. The Board of Directors may also exempt an underwriter of a public offering of our stock or a person who is not an individual (as defined under the Code to include certain entities) from the ownership limit if it received, among other things, satisfactory evidence that such stockholder s ownership of Essex s shares in excess of the ownership limit will not jeopardize Essex s status as a REIT. As a condition to providing such an exemption, the Board of Directors must receive an opinion of counsel or ruling of the Internal Revenue Service and representations and agreements from the applicant with respect to preserving Essex s REIT status. However, the Board of Directors may not grant an exemption to the ownership limit if the applicant would own more than 25 of the value of the outstanding shares of Essex s stock, unless, in addition to the foregoing, the Board of Directors receives a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such an exemption will not jeopardize Essex s status as a REIT. The Board of Directors may also increase the ownership limit to a maximum of 9.9 and, in connection therewith, require opinions of counsel, affidavits, undertakings or agreements as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to preserve Essex s REIT status. If the Board of Directors and Essex s stockholders determine that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT, the ownership limit provisions of the Charter can be terminated. 
 2 

If a stockholder attempts to transfer shares of stock that would (i) create a direct or indirect ownership of Essex s shares in excess of the ownership limit absent a Board exemption, (ii) result in the ownership of Essex s stock by fewer than 100 persons, or (iii) result in the ownership of more than 50 of the value of Essex s stock (other than excess stock), directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code, the transfer shall be null and void, and the intended transferee will acquire no rights to the shares. In addition, in the event of a transfer or attempted transfer, or other event, that would result in any person owning, directly or indirectly, shares of Essex stock in excess of the ownership limit (or any limit created in connection with an exemption from the ownership limit) or that would result in the ownership of more than 50 of the value of Essex s stock, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer persons, such shares of our stock will automatically be exchanged for shares of excess stock. All shares of excess stock will be automatically transferred, without action by the purported holder, to a person who is unaffiliated with us or the intended transferee, as trustee for the exclusive benefit of one or more organizations described in Sections 170(b), 170(c) or 501(c)(3) of the Code as a charitable beneficiary and designated by resolution of the Board of Directors. Such shares of excess stock held in trust are considered issued and outstanding shares of Essex s stock. In general, the trustee of such shares is deemed to own the shares of excess stock held in trust for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary on the day prior to the date of the purported transfer or change in capital structure which resulted in the automatic transfer and has all voting rights and all right to receive distributions payable with respect to the excess shares. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by Essex that shares were exchanged for excess stock must be repaid by the recipient to Essex upon demand or, if Essex elects, will be offset against any future dividends or distributions payable to the recipient. Subject to Maryland law, any vote cast by the purported owner of excess shares will be rescinded and recast in accordance with the direction of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. 
 Essex may cause the trustee to transfer a beneficial interest in the trust representing a number of shares of excess stock if the shares of excess stock would not be excess stock in the hands of the identified transferee. In the event of such a transfer, the purported transferee of the shares exchanged for excess stock may receive a price for its interest in such shares that is the lesser of (i) the price paid by the purported transferee or, if the purported transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing shares to be exchanged for excess stock (e.g., a gift, devise or other similar transaction), the Market Price (as defined in Essex s Charter) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be exchanged for excess stock and (ii) the price received by the trustee from the sale or other disposition of the shares of excess stock. Upon any such a transfer, the shares of excess stock will automatically be exchanged for an equal number of shares of stock of the class and series originally exchanged for such shares of excess stock. 
 Shares of excess stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to Essex, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the exchange for shares of excess stock (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of the devise or gift) and (ii) the Market Price on the date that Essex, or its designee, accepts the offer. Essex will have the right to accept the offer for a period of ninety days after the later of the date of the transaction that resulted in the exchange for shares of excess stock and, if Essex does not receive prior notice of such transaction, the date that the Board of Directors determines in good faith that a transaction resulting in excess stock has occurred. 
 Every owner of more than 5 (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of our stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, must give us 
 3 

written notice stating the stockholder s name and address, the number of shares of each class and series of our stock that the stockholder beneficially or constructively owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each such owner must provide to us in writing such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the stockholder s beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limits. In addition, each person who is a beneficial owner or constructive owner of shares of our stock and each person (including the stockholder of record) who is holding shares of our stock for a beneficial owner or constructive owner must, on request, provide to us such information as we may request in order to determine our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limits. 
 Even if the provisions of the Code regarding REITs are changed to eliminate any ownership concentration limitation or increase the limitation, the ownership limitations in the Charter will not be automatically eliminated or modified. Except as described above, any change to such limitations would require an amendment to the Charter, which in turn would require the affirmative vote of holders owning a majority of the outstanding shares of Essex s common stock. In addition to preserving Essex s status as a REIT, the ownership limit provisions in the Charter may have the effect of precluding an acquisition of control of Essex without the approval of the Board of Directors. 
 All certificates representing shares of our equity stock bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 Listing 
 The common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ESS. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is Essex s transfer agent. 
 Our Board of Directors 
 Essex s Charter and Bylaws provide that its Board of Directors may establish the number of directors as long as the number is not fewer than the minimum required under the Maryland General Corporation Law (which is one). Essex s Charter provides that a director may be removed, without cause (as defined in the Charter) only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors, and with cause only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 
 Pursuant to Essex s Charter and Bylaws, each of our directors is elected by our stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. Pursuant to Essex s Bylaws, directors in uncontested elections are elected upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast for and against such nominee at a duly called meeting of stockholders, and directors in contested elections are elected by a plurality of all of the votes cast. In both uncontested and contested elections, holders of shares of our common stock have no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Consequently, at each annual meeting of stockholders, the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will be able to elect all of our directors. Essex s Bylaws further provide that an incumbent director, in an uncontested election, who does not receive the required vote for re-election must offer to resign. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors will consider the resignation offer and recommend to the Board of Directors whether to accept or reject the resignation offer. The Board of Directors will then publicly disclose its decision within 90 days of certification of the election results. 
 4 

Business Combinations 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law prohibits business combinations between us and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in certain circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. The Maryland General Corporation Law defines an interested stockholder as 
 any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock, or 
 an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of our then-outstanding stock. 
 A person is not an interested stockholder if our Board of Directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, our Board of Directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by our Board of Directors. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between us and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our then-outstanding shares of voting stock, and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our voting stock other than stock held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or stock held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if our common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined in the Maryland General Corporation Law, for their stock in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its stock. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are approved or exempted by the Board of Directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. As permitted by the statute, the Board of Directors of Essex irrevocably has elected to exempt any business combination among Essex, George M. Marcus, who is the chairman of Essex, and Marcus & Millichap Company MMC or any entity owned or controlled by Mr. Marcus and MMC. Mr. Marcus is the chairman of MMC. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and supermajority vote requirements described above will not apply to any business combination between Essex, Mr. Marcus, or MMC. As a result, Essex may in the future enter into business combinations with Mr. Marcus and MMC, without compliance with the supermajority vote requirements and other provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law provides that holders of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved at a special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiring person, or by officers or by directors who are our 
 5 

employees, are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock previously acquired by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third, 
 one-third or more but less than a majority, or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses), may compel our Board of Directors to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or, if a meeting of stockholders is held at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved, as of the date of the meeting. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply (i) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (ii) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our stock. We can provide no assurance that our Board of Directors will not amend or eliminate such provision in the future. 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and with at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in its charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 a classified board, 
 a two-thirds vote requirement to remove a director, 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by the vote of the directors, 
 6 

a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred, and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of stockholders. 
 Through provisions in our Charter and Bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we (i) require the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter for the removal of any director from the Board of Directors, which removal will be allowed without cause, or the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter for the removal of any director from the Board of Directors, which removal will be allowed only with cause, (ii) vest in the Board of Directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships and (iii) require, unless called by the Chairman of the Board, the President, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors, the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such a meeting to call a special meeting. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals, Proxy Access and Director Nominations 
 Our Bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or (iii) by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving the stockholder s notice required by our Bylaws and at the time of the meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting on such business or in the election of such nominee and has provided notice to us within the time period, and containing the information and other materials, specified in the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws. 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our Board of Directors may be made only (i) by or at the direction of our Board of Directors, (ii) by a stockholder that has requested that a special meeting be called for the purpose of electing directors in compliance with our Bylaws and that has supplied the information required by our Bylaws about each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director or (iii) if the meeting has been called for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving the notice required by our Bylaws and at the time of the meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each such nominee and who has provided notice to us within the time period, and containing the information and other materials, specified in the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws. 
 The advance notice procedures of our Bylaws provide that, to be timely, a stockholder s notice with respect to director nominations or other proposals for an annual meeting must be delivered to our Secretary at our principal executive office not earlier than the 150th day nor later than 5 00 p.m., Pacific Time, on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for our preceding year s annual meeting. In the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, to be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered not earlier than the 150th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Pacific Time, on the later of the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. 
 7 

In addition to advance notice procedures, the Bylaws also include provisions permitting, subject to certain eligibility, procedural and disclosure requirements, stockholders who have maintained continuous qualifying ownership of at least 3 of our outstanding shares of common stock for at least three years to use our annual meeting proxy statement to nominate a number of director candidates not to exceed the greater of two candidates or 20 of the number of directors in office. 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, a meeting of our stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any other business will be held annually on a date and at the time and place set by our Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board, the President, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors may call a special meeting of our stockholders. Subject to the provisions of our Bylaws, a special meeting of our stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be brought before a meeting of our stockholders must also be called by our Secretary upon the written request of the stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at the meeting and containing the information required by our Bylaws. Our Secretary will inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and delivering the notice of meeting (including our proxy materials), and the requesting stockholder must pay such estimated cost before our Secretary is required to prepare and deliver the notice of the special meeting. 
 Amendments to Our Charter and Bylaws 
 Except for those amendments permitted to be made without stockholder approval under Maryland law or our Charter, our Charter generally may be amended only if the amendment is first declared advisable by our Board of Directors and thereafter approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Our Bylaws may be amended by (i) the Board of Directors or (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock pursuant to a binding proposal submitted by any stockholder or group of up to five stockholders holding at least one percent of the outstanding shares of common stock for at least one year. A stockholder proposal submitted under the Bylaws may not alter or repeal the amendment provisions of the Bylaws or the provisions of the Bylaws related to indemnification of directors and officers of Essex, in either case, without the approval of the Board of Directors. 
 Forum Selection 
 Our Bylaws require, subject to limited exceptions, that any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders and other similar actions, may be brought only in specified courts located in the State of Maryland, City of Baltimore. 
 Dissolution 
 The dissolution of Essex must be declared advisable by a majority of our entire Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Anti-Takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law contains, and our Charter and Bylaws contain, provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders, including 
 8 

provisions of our Charter on removal of directors and the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws. Likewise, with respect to the business combination provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law or if the provision in the Bylaws opting out of the control share acquisition provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law were rescinded, these provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law could have similar anti-takeover effects. 
 Further, certain provisions of Essex s Charter and Bylaws might discourage certain types of transactions that involve an actual or threatened change of control of Essex. The ownership limit may delay or impede a transaction or a change in control of Essex that might involve a premium price for Essex s capital stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock by the Board of Directors may also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Essex. 

9 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ess-123122xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 as of December 31, 2022 

1 Essex Portfolio, L.P., a California limited partnership 2 Essex Management Corporation, a California corporation 3 Essex-Palisades Facilitator, a California limited partnership 4 Essex Mirabella Marina Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 5 Essex San Ramon Partners L.P., a California limited partnership 6 Essex Camarillo Corporation, a California corporation 7 Essex Camarillo, L.P., a California limited partnership 8 Essex Meadowood, L.P., a California limited partnership 9 Essex Bunker Hill, L.P., a California limited partnership 10 Essex Treetops, L.P., a California limited partnership 11 Essex Bluffs, L.P., a California limited partnership 12 Essex Huntington Breakers, L.P., a California limited partnership 13 Essex Stonehedge Village, L.P., A California limited partnership 14 Essex Inglenook Court, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 15 Essex Wandering Creek, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 16 Essex Columbus, L.P., a California limited partnership 17 Essex Lorraine, L.P., a California limited partnership 18 Essex Glenbrook, L.P., a California limited partnership 19 Essex Euclid, L.P., a California limited partnership 20 Richmond Essex L.P., a California limited partnership 21 Essex Wilshire, L.P., a California limited partnership 22 Essex Wynhaven, L.P., a California limited partnership 23 Jackson School Village Limited Partnership, A California limited partnership 24 Essex Carlyle, L.P., a California limited partnership 25 Essex Cochran, L.P., a California limited partnership 26 Essex Kings Road, L.P., a California limited partnership 27 Essex Le Parc, L.P., a California limited partnership 28 Essex Monterey Villas, L.P., a California limited partnership 29 Essex Monterey Villas, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 30 Essex Jaysac Tasman, L.P., a California limited partnership 31 Western Blossom Hill Investors, A California limited partnership 32 Western-Los Gatos I Investors, A California limited partnership 33 Western Highridge Investors, A California limited partnership 34 Western-San Jose III Investors, a California limited partnership 35 Western Riviera Investors, a California limited partnership 36 Western-Palo Alto II Investors, a California limited partnership 37 Irvington Square Associates, a California limited partnership 38 Western-Seven Trees Investors, A California limited partnership 39 Western - Las Hadas Investors, A California limited partnership 40 San Pablo Medical Investors, Ltd., a California limited partnership 41 Gilroy Associates, a California limited partnership 42 The Oakbrook Company, an Ohio limited partnership 43 Pine Grove Apartment Fund, Ltd., a California limited partnership 

Essex Property Trust, Inc. List of Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 

44 Valley Park Apartments, Ltd., a California limited partnership 45 Fairhaven Apartment Fund, Ltd., a California limited partnership 46 K-H Properties, a California limited partnership 47 Villa Angelina Apartment Fund, Ltd., a California limited partnership 48 Essex Camarillo Oaks 789, L.P., a California limited partnership 49 Essex Emerald Ridge, L.P., a California limited partnership 50 Essex CAL-WA, L.P., a California limited partnership 51 Essex Marina City Club, L.P., a California limited partnership 52 Essex Fountain Park Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 53 Essex SPE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 54 Essex MCC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 55 Essex Excess Assets TRS, Inc., a Delaware corporation 56 Essex The Pointe, L.P., a California limited partnership 57 Essex Tierra Vista, L.P., a California limited partnership 58 EMC SPE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 59 Essex Vista Belvedere, L.P., a California limited partnership 60 Essex Marbrisa Long Beach, L.P., a California limited partnership 61 Essex Northwest Gateway, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 62 Essex Fairwood Pond, L.P., a California limited partnership 63 Park Hill, LLC, a Washington limited liability company 64 Essex NBN SPE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 65 Essex Gateway Management, LLC, a California limited liability company 66 Northwest Gateway Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 67 Essex Alamo, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 68 Essex Broadway, LLC, a Washington limited liability company 69 Essex HGA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 70 Essex Hillsdale Garden Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 71 Essex Camino Ruiz Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 72 Belmont Affordable Partners, L.P., a California limited partnership 73 Essex Chestnut Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 74 Essex Canyon Oaks Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 75 Essex Esplanade, L.P., a California limited partnership 76 Pacific Western Insurance LLC, a Hawaii limited liability company 77 Western-Mountain View II Investors, A California limited partnership 78 Western San Jose IV Investors Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership 79 Essex Berkeley 4th Street, L.P., a California limited partnership 80 Newport Beach North LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 81 Essex Summerhill Park, L.P., a California limited partnership 82 Essex Skyline, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 83 Essex San Fernando, L.P., a California limited partnership 84 Essex Eagle Rim, L.P., a California limited partnership 85 Essex Hillcrest Park, L.P., a California limited partnership 86 Essex The Commons, L.P., a California limited partnership 

Essex Property Trust, Inc. List of Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 

87 Essex Derian, L.P., a California limited partnership 88 Essex Bella Villagio, L.P., a California limited partnership 89 Essex NoHo Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 90 Essex Hillsborough Park, L.P., a California limited partnership 91 Essex Santee Court, L.P., a California limited partnership 92 Essex City View, L.P., a California limited partnership 93 Essex Courtyard, L.P., a California limited partnership 94 Essex Anavia, L.P., a California limited partnership 95 Essex Waterford, L.P., a California limited partnership 96 RP Essex Skyline Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 97 Essex Valley Village Magnolia, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 98 Essex Queen Anne, LLC, a Washington limited liability company 99 Essex Wesco, L.P., a California limited partnership 100 Essex Arbors, L.P., a California limited partnership 101 Essex Cadence GP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 102 Essex Cadence Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 103 Cadence San Jose, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 104 Essex Warner Center, L.P., a California limited partnership 105 Essex Bellerive, L.P., a California limited partnership 106 Essex Bernard, L.P., a California limited partnership 107 Essex Dublin GP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 108 Essex Dublin Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 109 West Dublin Bart, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 110 Essex Redmond Hill CW, L.P., a California limited partnership 111 Essex Redmond Hill NE, L.P., a California limited partnership 112 Essex Monarch I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 113 Essex Monarch La Brea Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 114 Essex Monarch II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 115 Essex Monarch Santa Monica Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership 116 Essex Briarwood, L.P., a California limited partnership 117 Essex The Woods, L.P., a California limited partnership 118 Essex JMS Acquisition, L.P., a California limited partnership 119 Wesco I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 120 Santa Clara Square, LLC, a California limited liability company 121 Wesco GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 122 Cadence REIT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 123 LINC REIT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 124 EssexMonarch GP I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 125 EssexMonarch GP II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 126 Wesco Redmond CW GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 127 Wesco Redmond NE GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 128 Essex Huntington on Edinger, L.P., a California limited partnership 129 Essex Montebello, L.P., a California limited partnership 

Essex Property Trust, Inc. List of Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 

130 Essex PE Lofts, L.P., a California limited partnership 131 Essex Riley Square, L.P., a California limited partnership 132 Essex Moorpark GP, L.P., a California limited partnership 133 Essex Moorpark Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 134 Essex Moorpark, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 135 Essex Moorpark REIT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 136 Essex Wesco III, L.P. a California limited partnership 137 Wesco III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 138 Wesco III GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 139 Essex Haver Hill, L.P., a California limited partnership 140 Essex Fox Plaza, L.P., a California limited partnership 141 Essex Walnut GP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 142 Essex Walnut Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 143 Essex Walnut, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 144 Essex Regency Escuela, L.P., a California limited partnership 145 La Brea Affordable Partners, L.P., a California limited partnership 146 Santa Monica Affordable Partners, L.P., a California limited partnership 147 Essex Gas Company Lofts, L.P., a California limited partnership 148 BEXAEW Bothell Ridge, LP, a Washington limited partnership 149 BEXAEW Parkside Court, LP, a California limited partnership 150 BEXAEW Esplanade, LP, a California limited partnership 151 BEXAEW The Havens, LP, a California limited partnership 152 Essex Piedmont, L.P., a California limited partnership 153 Essex Bellevue Park, L.P., a California limited partnership 154 Essex Emeryville GP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 155 Essex Emeryville, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 156 Essex Emeryville Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 157 Essex Pleasanton GP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 158 Essex Pleasanton, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 159 Essex Pleasanton Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 160 Essex Cadence Phase III Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 161 Block 9 Transbay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 162 BEX Portfolio, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 163 Wesco III BEX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 164 Essex Wesco IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 165 Wesco IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 166 Essex BEXAEW, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 167 BEXAEW, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 168 BEXAEW GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 169 BRE-FMCA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 170 BEX FMCA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 171 Emerald Pointe Apartments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 172 Essex Emeryville REIT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Essex Property Trust, Inc. List of Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 

173 Essex Pleasanton REIT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 174 Cadence Phase III REIT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 175 GBR Palm Valley LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 176 Palm Valley Roll-Up LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 177 New Century Towers, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 178 Block 9 Residential, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 179 Essex Block 9 Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 180 Essex Form 15, LP, a California limited partnership 181 Essex Park Catalina, LP, a California limited partnership 182 500 Folsom, LP, a California limited partnership 183 Essex Bridgeport, L.P., a California limited partnership 184 Essex 500 Folsom, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 185 Block 9 MRU Residential, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 186 BEX II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 187 BEX II GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 188 Essex Kiely, LP, a California limited partnership 189 Block 9 UPPER MRU and Retail, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 190 Japantown Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 191 Essex BEX II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 192 Essex Portfolio Management, L.P., a California limited partnership 193 360 Residences, L.P., a California limited partnership 194 Essex Toluca Lake, L.P., a California limited partnership 195 GBR Palma Sorrento LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 196 GBR Villa Veneto LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 197 GBR Santa Palmia LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 198 GBR Palm Valley Podium LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 199 PPC Sage LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 200 PPC Sage Apartments Manager II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 201 GR Block B LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 202 GR Block C LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 203 EPT SPE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 204 Essex Wesco V, LLC, a California limited liability company 205 Wesco V, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 206 Wesco V GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 207 Wesco V Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 208 Wesco V Sub GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 209 Essex Wesco VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 210 Wesco VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 211 Martha Lake Apartments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 212 Essex Monterra, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 213 Essex Vela On Ox, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 214 Essex Canvas, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 215 Essex Rexford, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Essex Property Trust, Inc. List of Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 

216 Essex Buena Vista, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 217 Monarch Buena Vista Borrower, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 218 8th and Republican, LLC, a Washington limited liability company 219 8th & Republican SPE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 220 Essex 19 BWay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 221 Essex BEX III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 222 BEX III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 223 BEX III GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 224 Essex Meridian, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 225 PacWest Insurance Services, LLC, a California limited liability company 226 Essex Scripps, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 227 Zarsion Essex, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 228 Courtyards at 65th, L.P., a California limited partnership 229 Essex Township, L.P., a California limited partnership 230 Essex Hamilton, L.P., a California limited partnership 231 Monarch Essex Scripps, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 232 Monarch Essex Scripps GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 233 Scripps MRU Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 234 Scripps AU Owner, L.P., a California limited partnership 235 Essex Velo Ray, L.P., a California limited partnership 236 WC Brio Apartments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 237 SAC Redwood City Apartments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 238 Essex BEX IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 239 BEX IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 240 BEX IV GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 241 EPLP CA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 242 Essex Catalina Gardens, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 243 Essex Tiffany Court, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 244 Essex JV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 245 Anavia Apartments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ess-123122xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors 
 Essex Property Trust, Inc. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333 259777 & 333-102552) on Form S-3 and registration statements (Nos. 333-224941, 333-194954, 333-189239, 333-123001 and 333-122999) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Essex Property Trust, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ess-123122xex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 
 Exhibit 23.2 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Partners of Essex Portfolio, L.P. and the Board of Directors of Essex Property Trust, Inc. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333 259777-01) on Form S-3 of our report dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Essex Portfolio, L.P. 

s KPMG LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ess-123122xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael J. Schall, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Essex Property Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 s Michael J. Schall Michael J. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President Essex Property Trust, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ess-123122xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Barbara Pak, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Essex Property Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 s Barbara Pak Barbara Pak Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Essex Property Trust, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 8
 ess-123122xex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael J. Schall, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Essex Portfolio, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 s Michael J. Schall Michael J. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President Essex Property Trust, Inc., general partner of Essex Portfolio, L.P. 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 9
 ess-123122xex314.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 

Exhibit 31.4 
 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Barbara Pak, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Essex Portfolio, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 s Barbara Pak Barbara Pak Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Essex Property Trust, Inc., general partner of Essex Portfolio, L.P. 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ess-123122xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), I, Michael J. Schall, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of Essex Property Trust, Inc. fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Essex Property Trust, Inc. at the dates of and for the periods presented. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Michael J. Schall Michael J. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President Essex Property Trust, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ess-123122xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC. 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), I, Barbara Pak, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of Essex Property Trust, Inc. fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Essex Property Trust, Inc. at the dates of and for the periods presented. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Barbara Pak Barbara Pak Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Essex Property Trust, Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 12
 ess-123122xex323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), I, Michael J. Schall, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of Essex Portfolio, L.P. fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Essex Portfolio, L.P. at the dates of and for the periods presented. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Michael J. Schall Michael J. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President Essex Property Trust, Inc., general partner of Essex Portfolio, L.P. 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 13
 ess-123122xex324.htm
 EX-32.4

Document 

Exhibit 32.4 
 
 ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P. 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), I, Barbara Pak, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of Essex Portfolio, L.P. fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Essex Portfolio, L.P. at the dates of and for the periods presented. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Barbara Pak Barbara Pak Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Essex Property Trust, Inc., general partner of Essex Portfolio, L.P. 

</EX-32.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ess-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 ess-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ess-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 ess-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 ess-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

