<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1821175_0001493152-23-008878.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19232303</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>449384</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>8469837</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5152288</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2143264</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2646887</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008878.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324161817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008878
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Motorsport Games Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001821175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				831463958
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39868
		FILM NUMBER:		23760080

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5972 NE 4TH AVENUE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-507-8799

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5972 NE 4TH AVENUE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOTORSPORT GAMING US LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008878.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

State
 or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No. 

, 

Address
 of Principal Executive Offices 
 
 Zip
 Code 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC (The Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price
of the registrant s Class A common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately . 

As
of March 24, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of , and 
shares of , issued and outstanding. At such date, Motorsport Network, LLC Motorsport
Network owned (i) 
shares of Motorsport Games Inc. (the Company or Motorsport Games issued and outstanding Class A common
stock and (ii) all 
shares of the Company s issued and outstanding Class B common stock. All Class A common stock and Class B common stock share data and share-based calculations set forth in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K have been adjusted to reflect the registrant s 1-for-10 reverse stock split completed on November 10, 2022 on
a retroactive basis for the periods presented. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Motorsport
Games Inc. 

 Form
10-K 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 9 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 20 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 50 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 50 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 50 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 50 

PART
 II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 51 
 
 Item
 6 
 [Reserved] 
 51 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 52 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 68 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 69 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 69 

PART III 

Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 70 

PART IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 79 
 
 Signatures 
 80 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report of Motorsport Games Inc. (the Company, Motorsport Games, 
 we, us or our contains certain statements, which are not historical facts and are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, trends
and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results
of operations, plans, objectives, strategies, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact
that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We use words, such as could, would, may, 
 might, will, expect, likely, believe, continue, anticipate, 
 estimate, intend, plan, project and other similar expressions to identify some
forward-looking statements, but not all forward-looking statements include these words. For example, forward-looking statements include,
but not limited to, statements we make relating to: 

our
 future business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity, including with respect to the ongoing effects of the
 war between Russia and Ukraine, as well as the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic; 

our
 intended corporate purpose to make the thrill of motorsports accessible to everyone by creating the highest quality, most sophisticated
 and most innovative experiences for racers, gamers and fans of all ages; 

new
or planned products or offerings, including the anticipated timing of our new product launches under our updated product roadmap, such
as our anticipated release of NASCAR, INDYCAR, British Touring Car Championship and Le Mans games in 2023 and 2024; 

our intentions with respect to our mobile games, including expectations that we will continue to focus on developing and further enhancing
our multi-platform games for mobile phones, as well as the anticipated timing of the release of our future mobile games; 

our
 plans to strive to become a leader in organizing and facilitating esports tournaments, competitions, and events for our licensed
 racing games as well as on behalf of third-party racing game developers and publishers; 

our
 belief that connecting virtual racing gamers and esports fans on a digital entertainment and social platform represents the greatest
 opportunity to enhance the way that people learn, watch, play, and experience racing video games and racing esports; 

our
 future plans and expectations for Traxion .GG Traxion ), our online destination for the virtual racing community, including with regards to its
 functionality and content; 

our
 beliefs regarding the growing importance and business viability of esports, especially within the racing and motorsport genres; 

our
 expectations that the COVID-19 pandemic will not materially impact on our future business and operations; 

our
 intention to expand our license arrangements to other internationally recognized racing series and the platforms we operate on; 

our
 expectation that we will be able to extend or re-negotiate our promotion agreement with Motorsport Network on reasonable terms; 

our
 intention to continue seeking to expand our audience base through traditional marketing and sales distribution channels including
 Facebook, Twitter, Twitch, YouTube and other online social networks; 

our
 belief that our esports business has the potential to generate incremental revenues through the further sale of media rights to our
 esports events and competitions, as well as merchandising and sports betting, if the esports audience pattern continues to grow; 

our
 expectation that having a broader product portfolio will improve our operating results and provide a revenue stream that is less
 cyclical thank releasing of a single game per year; 

3 

our expectation that future revenue streams will become further diversified and consist of revenues from multiple
games and different franchises; 

our
 plans to drive ongoing engagement and incremental revenue from recurrent consumer spending on our titles through in-game purchases
 and extra content; 

our
 expectation that we will continue to derive significant revenues from sales of our products to a very limited number of distribution
 partners; 

our
 belief that additions to our existing portfolio of games centered around popular licensed racing series will provide us the opportunity
 to further grow our esports business by having more titles to produce our esports events; 

our
 expectation that we will continue to invest in technology, hardware and software to support our games and services, including with
 respect to security protections; 

our
 belief that the global adoption of portable and mobile gaming devices leading to significant growth in portable and mobile gaming
 is a continuing trend; 

our
 intention to continue to look for opportunities to expand the recurring portion of our business; 

our
 liquidity and capital requirements, including, without limitation, as to our ability to continue as a going concern, our belief that
 we will not have sufficient cash on hand to fund our operations for the remainder of 2023 based on the cash and cash equivalents
 available as of December 31, 2022 and our average cash burn, our belief that additional funding will be required in order to continue
 operations, our belief that there is a substantial likelihood that Motorsport Network, LLC Motorsport Network may
 not fulfill our future borrowing requests under the 12 million Line of Credit (as defined in this Report), our belief that it will
 be necessary for us to secure additional funds, whether through a variety of equity and/or debt financing arrangements or similar
 transactions or implementing cost reductions through cost control initiatives, to continue our existing business operations and to
 fund our obligations; our expectation to generate additional liquidity through consummating one or more potential equity and/or debt
 financings, achieving cost reductions by maintaining and enhancing cost control initiatives, such as those that we expect to achieve
 through the 2022 Restructuring Program (as defined in this Report), and/or adjusting our product roadmap to reduce the near-term
 need for working capital, as well as statements regarding our cash flows and anticipated uses of cash, as well as our belief that
 additional funding in the form of potential equity and/or debt financing arrangements or similar transactions are viable options
 to support our future liquidity needs, provided that such opportunities can be obtained on terms that are commercially competitive
 and on terms acceptable to us; 

our
 expectations that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to incur significant expenses; 

our intended use of proceeds from the sales of our equity securities; 

our
 expectations relating to future impairment of intangible assets; 

our
 plans and intentions with respect to our remediation efforts to address the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting; 

our
 belief that the outcome of all pending legal proceedings in the aggregate is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect
 on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, except as otherwise disclosed in this Report,
 and that in light of the uncertainties involved in legal proceedings generally, the ultimate outcome of a particular matter could
 be material to the Company s operating results for a particular period depending on, among other things, the size of the loss
 or the nature of the liability imposed and the level of the Company s income for that particular period, including, without
 limitation, our beliefs regarding the merit of any plaintiff s allegations and the impact of any claims and litigation that
 we are subject to; 

our
 intention to not declare dividends in the foreseeable future; 

our
 ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards; 

our
 expectations regarding the future impact of implementing management strategies, potential acquisitions and industry trends; 

our
 belief that we may decide in the future to avail ourselves of certain corporate governance requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market
 LLC NASDAQ as a result of being a controlled company within the meaning of the NASDAQ rules; and 

our
 expectations regarding the 2022 Restructuring Program, such as: (i) our expectations to eliminate approximately 20 of our overhead
 costs worldwide; (ii) our expectations regarding the amount and timing of the charges and payments related to the 2022 Restructuring
 Program; (iii) our expectations that as a result of the 2022 Restructuring Program, we will deliver approximately 4 million of total
 annualized cost reductions by the end of 2023; (iv) our expectations that total restructuring costs will fall within the previously
 estimated range of 0.1 million to 0.3 million; and (v) our plans to continue our efforts to achieve further cost reductions. 

4 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on assumptions that we have made in light of our industry experience and
our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that we believe are appropriate
under the circumstances. As you read and consider this Report, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance
or results. They involve risks, uncertainties (many of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Although
we believe that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, you should be aware that many factors could affect
our actual operating and financial performance and cause our performance to differ materially from the performance anticipated in the
forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking
statements are discussed in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Report, as updated in our subsequent filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In addition to factors that may be described in our filings with the SEC,
including this Report, the following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by us: 

(i) 
 difficulties
 and/or delays in accessing available liquidity, and other unanticipated difficulties in resolving our continuing financial condition
 and ability to obtain additional capital to meet our financial obligations, including, without limitation, difficulties in securing
 funding that is on commercially acceptable terms to us or at all, such as our inability to complete in whole or in part any potential
 debt and/or equity financing transactions or similar transactions, as well as any ability to achieve cost reductions, including,
 without limitation, those which we expect to achieve through the 2022 Restructuring Program; difficulties, delays or our inability
 to efficiently manage our cash and working capital; higher than expected operating expenses; adverse impacts to our liquidity position
 resulting from the higher interest rate and higher inflationary environment; the unavailability of funds from anticipated borrowing
 sources; the unavailability of funds from our inability to reduce or control costs, including, without limitation, those which we
 expect to achieve through the 2022 Restructuring Program; lower than expected operating revenues, cash on hand and/or funds available
 from anticipated borrowings or funds expected to be generated from cost reductions resulting from the implementation of cost control
 initiatives, such as through the 2022 Restructuring Program; and/or less than anticipated cash generated by our operations; and/or
 adverse effects on our liquidity resulting from changes in economic conditions (such as continued volatility in the financial markets,
 whether attributable to COVID-19, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine or otherwise; significantly higher rates of inflation,
 significantly higher interest rates and higher labor costs; the impact of higher energy prices on consumer purchasing behavior, monetary
 conditions and foreign currency fluctuations, tariffs, foreign currency controls and/or government-mandated pricing controls, as
 well as in trade, monetary, fiscal and tax policies), political conditions (such as military actions and terrorist activities) and
 pandemics and natural disasters; and/or the unavailability of funds from (A) delaying the implementation of or revising certain aspects
 of our business strategy; (B) reducing or delaying the development and launch of new products and events; (C) reducing or delaying
 capital spending, product development spending and marketing and promotional spending; (D) selling assets or operations; (E) seeking
 additional capital contributions and/or loans from Motorsport Network, the Company s other affiliates and/or third parties;
 and/or (F) reducing other discretionary spending; 

(ii) 
 difficulties,
 delays or less than expected results in achieving our growth plans, objectives and expectations, such as due to a slower than anticipated
 economic recovery and/or our inability, in whole or in part, to continue to execute our business strategies and plans, such as due
 to less than anticipated customer acceptance of our new game titles, our experiencing difficulties or the inability to launch our
 games as planned, less than anticipated performance of the games impacting customer acceptance and sales and/or greater than anticipated
 costs and expenses to develop and launch our games, including, without limitation, higher than expected labor costs; 

(iii) 
 difficulties,
 delays in or unanticipated events that may impact the timing and scope of new product launches, such as due to difficulties and/or
 delays related to our transition from using development staff in Russia to using development staff in other countries and/or difficulties
 and/or delays arising out of any resurgence of the ongoing and prolonged COVID-19 pandemic; 

5 

(iv) 
 less
 than expected benefits from implementing our management strategies and/or adverse economic, market and geopolitical conditions that
 negatively impact industry trends, such as significant changes in the labor markets, an extended or higher than expected inflationary
 environment (such as the impact on consumer discretionary spending as a result of significant increases in energy and gas prices
 which have been increasing since early in 2020), a higher interest rate environment, tax increases impacting consumer discretionary
 spending and or quantitative easing that results in higher interest rates that negatively impact consumers discretionary spending,
 or adverse developments relating to the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine; 

(v) 
 delays
 and higher than anticipated expenses related to the ongoing and prolonged COVID-19 pandemic; 

(vi) 
 difficulties
 and/or delays adversely impacting our ability (or inability) to maintain existing, and to secure additional, licenses and other agreements
 with various racing series; 

(vii) 
 difficulties
 and/or delays adversely impacting our ability to successfully manage and integrate any joint ventures, acquisitions of businesses,
 solutions or technologies; 

(viii) 
 unanticipated
 operating costs, transaction costs and actual or contingent liabilities; 

(ix) 
 difficulties
 and/or delays adversely impacting our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; 

(x) 
 adverse
 effects of increased competition; 

(xi) 
 changes
 in consumer behavior, including as a result of general economic factors, such as increased inflation, recessionary factors, higher
 energy prices and higher interest rates; 

(xii) 
 difficulties
 and/or delays adversely impacting our ability to protect our intellectual property; 

(xiii) 
 local,
 industry and general business and economic conditions; 

(xiv) 
 unanticipated
 adverse effects on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or liquidity as a result of
 unexpected developments with respect to our legal proceedings; and 

(xv) 
 difficulties,
 delays or our inability to successfully complete the 2022 Restructuring Program, in whole or in part, which could result in less
 than expected operating and financial benefits from such actions, as well as delays in completing the 2022 Restructuring Program,
 which could reduce the benefits realized from such activities; higher than anticipated restructuring charges and/or payments and/or
 changes in the expected timing of such charges and/or payments; and/or less than anticipated annualized cost reductions from the
 2022 Restructuring Program and/or changes in the timing of realizing such cost reductions, such as due to less than anticipated liquidity
 to fund such activities and/or more than expected costs to achieve the expected cost reductions. 

Additionally,
there are other risks and uncertainties described from time to time in the reports that we file with the SEC. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize or should any of these assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual operating and financial performance
may vary in material respects from the performance projected in these forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement
speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement contained in this Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances, except as otherwise required by law. New factors that could cause our business
not to develop as we expect emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. Further, we cannot assess
the impact of each currently known or new factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

6 

RISK
FACTORS SUMMARY 

We
are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including risks related to our financial condition and liquidity; risks related
to our business and industry; risks related to our relationship with Motorsport Network, LLC Motorsport Network ), which
controls more than a majority of our issued and outstanding voting shares; risks related to our Company; risks related to the ownership
of our Class A common stock; and certain general risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following principal risks: 

We
 have incurred significant losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. Accordingly,
 our financial condition raises substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
 will require additional capital to meet our financial obligations, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms or
 at all. 

Limits
 on our borrowing capacity under the 12 million Line of Credit may affect our ability to finance our operations. 

If
 we do not consistently deliver popular products or if consumers prefer competing products, our business may be negatively impacted. 

Our
 business and products are highly concentrated in the racing game genre, and our operating results may suffer if consumer preferences
 shift away from this genre. 

If
 we do not provide high-quality products in a timely manner, our business operations, financial performance, financial condition,
 liquidity, cash flows and/or results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

The
 ongoing and prolonged COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our operations and could continue to adversely affect our business operations,
 financial performance, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and/or results of operations, the extent of which is uncertain
 and difficult to predict. 

Declines
 in consumer spending and other adverse changes in the economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 liquidity, cash flows and/or operating results. 

We
 depend on a relatively small number of franchises for a significant portion of our revenues and profits. 

Our
 ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property, especially for sports titles, affects our revenues and profitability. 

The
 importance of retail sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model. 

We
 primarily depend on a single third-party distribution partner to distribute our games for the retail channel, and our ability to
 negotiate favorable terms with such partner and its continued willingness to purchase our games is critical for our business. 

7 

We
 plan to continue to generate a portion of our revenues from advertising and sponsorship during our esports events. If we are unable
 to attract more advertisers and sponsors to our gaming platform, tournaments or competitions, our revenues may be adversely affected. 

We
 are reliant on the retention of certain key personnel and the hiring of strategically valuable personnel, and we may lose or be unable
 to hire one or more of such personnel, which could adversely affect our ability to achieve our business plans and financial objectives. 

The
 success of our business relies heavily on our marketing and branding efforts, and these efforts may not be accepted by consumers
 to the extent we planned. 

If
 we do not adequately address the shift to mobile device technology by our customers, operating results could be harmed and our financial
 performance, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and/or growth plans could be negatively affected. 

Failure
 to adequately protect our intellectual property, technology and confidential information could harm our business and operating results. 

Motorsport
 Network controls more than a majority of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock and therefore it has the ability to exert
 significant control over the direction of our business, which could prevent other stockholders from influencing significant decisions
 regarding our business plans and other matters. 

If
 we are no longer controlled by or affiliated with Motorsport Network, we may be unable to continue to benefit from that relationship,
 which may adversely affect our operations and have a material adverse effect on us and our financial performance, financial condition,
 liquidity and/or cash flows. 

Our
 limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and we may not be able to effectively
 grow our business or implement our business strategies. 

We
 are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
 to us will make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 

The
 dual class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 

For
a more complete discussion of the material risk factors applicable to us, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. 

8 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Company
Overview 

Motorsport
Games is a leading racing game developer, publisher and esports ecosystem provider of official motorsport racing series throughout
the world, including NASCAR, the iconic 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance race Le Mans and the associated FIA World
Endurance Championship (the WEC ), INDYCAR, the British Touring Car Championship (the BTCC and others.
Our portfolio is comprised of some of the most prestigious motorsport leagues and events in the world. Further, in 2021 we acquired the KartKraft karting simulation game as
well as Studio 397 B.V. Studio397 and their rFactor 2 realistic racing simulator technology and platform, adding
both games and their underlying technology to our portfolio. 

Motorsport
Games purpose is to make the thrill of motorsports accessible to everyone by creating the highest quality, most sophisticated
and innovative experiences for racers, gamers and fans of all ages. Our products and services target a large global motorsport audience.
The latest figures reported from 2021 show NASCAR, INDYCAR and Le Mans, which includes the WEC, having an estimated combined global fanbase of over 1 billion, while the
global fanbase for Formula 1 was estimated to be 757 million. Motorsport Games scales its business by releasing more games on more platforms
under unique licenses, while continuing to evolve scalable technology platforms to wow users. 

Started
in 2018 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Motorsport Network, we are currently the official developer and publisher of the NASCAR video
game racing franchise and have obtained the official licenses to develop multi-platform games for the BTCC, the 24 Hours of Le Mans race
and the WEC, as well as INDYCAR. We develop and publish multi-platform racing video games for consoles (such as Xbox, PlayStation, and
Nintendo Switch), personal computers (PCs) and mobile platforms (such as iOS and Android) through various retail and digital channels,
including full-game and downloadable content. For fiscal years 2022 and 2021, a majority of our revenue was generated from sales
of our NASCAR racing video games. 

According to data from NewZoo, an industry source for games market insight and analytics, total global mobile gaming revenues were estimated
to be 92.2 billion for 2022. We presently offer NASCAR Heat Mobile for iOS and Android and continue to evaluate further opportunities
to add to our mobile gaming portfolio to capture this large audience. 

We
are striving to become a leader in organizing and facilitating esports tournaments, competitions, and events for our licensed racing
games. 2022 was another successful year in esports, which began with the grand finale of the second running of the 24 Hours of Le
Mans Virtual in January, the INDYCAR-Motorsport Games Pro Challenge in February and the continuation and re-brand of elite single
seater esports rFactor 2 Formula Pro. The year concluded with the first 4 rounds of the 2022-23 Le Mans Virtual Series in September,
October, November and December. In addition, we also organized competitions to drive user engagement on our rFactor 2 platform, as
well as successfully delivering onsite esports activations with rFactor 2 at selected BTCC events in Autumn. For 2022, our esports
events had a cumulative total of approximately 2.3 million video views with approximately 6.3 million minutes watched.
Subsequently, in the first quarter of 2023, we announced our viewership figures for the 2022-23 Le Mans Virtual Series, including
the 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual, which had a global audience of 8.5 million across television (TV)/over-the-top (OTT) channels, 36 million social media
impressions and over 10 million video views across the full 5-race season. We continue to leverage esports competitions to bring
wider awareness to our gaming products, while creating events that are adventures for viewers. 

We
believe that connecting virtual racing gamers, motorsport and esports fans on a digital entertainment and social platform represents
the greatest opportunity to enhance the way that people learn, watch, play, and experience racing video games and racing esports. To
that end, we have developed Traxion, a collective of racing, esports and gaming enthusiasts building a positive community of
likeminded gamers, sim racers. After launching in 2021, Traxion continues to grow across social, video and editorial channels, while
feeding the community the latest news, reviews, updates, opinions, and insight from the most recognized and respected names from the
world of racing games. In 2022, Traxion published over 2,000 articles and attracted nearly 10 million pageviews. 

9 

Company
Background 

Motorsport
Games was formed in 2018 by Motorsport Network as a wholly-owned subsidiary in connection with the acquisition by Motorsport Games of
a controlling interest in 704Games Company 704Games ), which holds the exclusive license to be the official video game
developer and publisher for the NASCAR video game racing franchise, subject to certain limited exceptions. Simultaneously with the acquisition
of 704Games in 2018, we extended the NASCAR license for 10 years until December 31, 2029. In addition, we have the exclusive right to
create and organize esports leagues and events for NASCAR using our NASCAR racing video games, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

We
entered into an agreement to facilitate the Le Mans Esports Series as part of a joint venture with Automobile Club de l Ouest ACO ),
the organizer of the 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance race in 2019. Through our ownership interest in this joint venture, which was increased
to 51 from 45 in January 2021, we secured the rights to be the exclusive video game developer and publisher for the 24 Hours of Le
Mans race and the WEC, which the 24 Hours of Le Mans race is a part of, for a ten-year period. In addition, through this joint venture
with ACO, we have the right to create and organize esports leagues and events for the Le Mans Esports Series. 

In
May 2020, we secured a multi-year licensing agreement to exclusively develop and publish the video games for the BTCC racing series across
console, mobile and casual gaming channels. In addition, through this license, we have the right to create and organize esports leagues
and events for the BTCC racing series. The agreement expires on December 31, 2026. 

In
January 2021, we completed our initial public offering IPO ). Prior to our IPO, Motorsport Games was a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Motorsport Network and, following the completion of our IPO, Motorsport Network continues to be our majority stockholder. 

In
March 2021, we acquired all assets comprising the KartKraft computer video game from Black Delta Holdings PTY, Black Delta Trading Pty
Ltd and Black Delta IP Pty Ltd (collectively, Black Delta . Through this acquisition,
we entered the simulated kart-racing space and formed Motorsport Games Australia Pty Ltd. to support
the Black Delta development team, which joined Motorsport Games Australia following the acquisition . 

In
April 2021, we acquired the remaining equity interests in 704Games Company whereby 704Games Company merged with 704Games LLC, a newly-formed
Delaware limited liability company and our wholly-owned subsidiary, with 704Games LLC being the surviving entity in such merger. 

In
April 2021, we also acquired Studio397, the company behind the industry leading rFactor 2 racing simulation platform, from Luminis International
BV. Following this acquisition, Studio397 continues its work on the rFactor 2 platform while also developing the physics and handling
models for our other official games. We continue to utilize our resources and expertise to enhance the rFactor 2 platform, especially
in areas highlighted by the racing community. 

In
July 2021, we entered into certain license agreements with INDYCAR LLC to use certain licensed intellectual property for motorsports
and/or racing video gaming products and esports events related to, themed as, or containing the INDYCAR SERIES. The license agreements
are long-term agreements, in connection with which the parties intend to create a relationship for the development of video games and
events to be the official video games and esports events of the INDYCAR SERIES. 

10 

Our
Products 

Game
Products Portfolio 

We
develop and publish multi-platform racing video games including for game consoles, PCs and mobile platforms through various retail and
digital channels, including full-game and downloadable content. Our current video game product portfolio is comprised of officially licensed
NASCAR games. We have obtained licenses to develop multi-platform games for INDYCAR, the BTCC, the 24 Hours of Le Mans race, and the
WEC. Since our formation in 2018, we have published NASCAR Heat 3, NASCAR Heat 4, NASCAR Heat 5, NASCAR 21: Ignition, NASCAR Heat Ultimate
Edition+ and NASCAR Rivals for various platforms, including Xbox, PlayStation, PC, and Nintendo Switch. Our current mobile offering for
NASCAR is NASCAR Heat Mobile for iOS and Android. In 2021, we added the KartKraft karting simulation game and the rFactor 2 realistic
racing simulation game to our portfolio, and completed KartKraft s full release on the Steam platform in January 2022. 

Our
current video game catalog includes the following titles: 

Game 
 
 Image 
 
 Overview 
 
 Platforms 
 
 Release
 Date 

rFactor
 2 

rFactor
 2 is a realistic racing simulation game. It features mixed class road racing with realistic dynamics, an immersive sound environment,
 and stunning graphics, that are perfect for top-level esports and a rich single-player experience. 
 
 Microsoft
 Windows via Steam 
 
 March
 28, 2013 

NASCAR
 Heat Mobile 

NASCAR
 Heat Mobile is the only officially licensed, authentic NASCAR racing experience for mobile devices. 
 
 iOS
 and Android 
 
 April
 25, 2017 

NASCAR
 Heat 3 

NASCAR
 Heat 3 is a racing video game simulating the 2018 NASCAR Cup Series and feeder competitions. 
 
 Xbox
 One, PlayStation 4, and Microsoft Windows via Steam 
 
 September
 7, 2018 

NASCAR
 Heat 4 

NASCAR
 Heat 4 is a racing video game simulating the 2019 NASCAR season. To date, NASCAR Heat 4 is the most successful sequel of the NASCAR
 Heat franchise based on quantity of units sold. 
 
 Xbox
 One, PlayStation 4, and Microsoft Windows via Steam 
 
 September
 13, 2019 

11 

NASCAR
 Heat 5 

NASCAR
 Heat 5 is a racing video game simulating the 2020 NASCAR season. 
 
 Xbox
 One, PlayStation 4, and Microsoft Windows via Steam 
 
 July
 7 and 
 10, 2020 

NASCAR
 21: Ignition 

NASCAR
21: Ignition is a racing video game simulating the 2021 NASCAR season. This is a first installment of the new series, which changes the
game engine, physics, artificial intelligence, and many other game fundamental components. A 2022 season update was provided as DLC in
October 2022, free of charge. 
 
 Xbox,
 PlayStation, and Microsoft Windows via Steam 
 
 October
 28, 2021 

NASCAR
 Heat Ultimate Edition+ 

NASCAR
 Heat Ultimate Edition+ is a racing video game simulating the 2020 NASCAR season. 
 
 Nintendo
 Switch 
 
 November
 19, 2021 

KartKraft 

KartKraft
 is a kart racing simulator, which was released in January 2022. 
 
 Microsoft
 Windows via Steam 
 
 January
 26, 2022 
 (full
 release) 

NASCAR
 Rivals 

NASCAR
 Rivals is a racing video game simulating the 2022 NASCAR Cup Series season 
 
 Nintendo
 Switch 
 
 October
 14, 2022 

Esports
Partnerships and Franchises 

We
recognize the growing importance and business viability of esports, especially within the racing and motorsport genres. In
recognition of this importance, we manage and operate the esports platforms for numerous racing series and organizations. 2022 was
another successful year in esports which began with the second running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual in January, the
continuation and re-brand of elite single seater esports rFactor 2 Formula Pro as well as the INDYCAR-Motorsport Games Pro Challenge. In addition, we
also organized competitions to drive user engagement on our rFactor 2 platform, as well as successfully delivering onsite esports
activations with rFactor 2 at selected BTCC events in Autumn. In 2021, we organized several esports competitions, including the DiRT
Rally 2.0 World Series on the popular Codemasters game, the Winter Heat and Summer Showdown on NASCAR Heat 5, and the expansion of
the 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual event into a part of a longer annual series towards the end of the year with professional teams and
real-world racing drivers. In addition, we also organized competitions to drive user engagement on our rFactor 2
platform. 

Our
Audience and Our Community 

Our
majority stockholder, Motorsport Network, is a leading global motorsport and automotive digital media platform. Founded in 2015, Motorsport
Network offers hundreds of millions of fans and enthusiasts around the globe an interactive experience to engage with motorsports and
cars by leveraging its technology, customer intelligence and brands. Motorsport Network s global team creates engaging, around-the-clock
content and experiences for passionate fans of motorsports and the automotive industry world-wide. 

12 

Pursuant
to a promotion agreement we entered into with Motorsport Network in August 2018, Motorsport Network provides us with exclusive promotion
services consisting of the use of its and its affiliates various media platforms to promote our business, organizations, products
and services in racing video games and related esports activities. Our relationship with Motorsport Network provides us access to its
highly engaged, brand-loyal and affluent audience, including in the form of editorial coverage, ad stack and special organic integrations
that puts us in front of this targeted audience. We believe this allows us to cultivate a passionate fanbase to engage in our offered
products and services that is similar to the target audience for our racing game products, and racing esports events and platform. We
also believe this audience has a passion for everything motorsport and auto-related. This promotion agreement will remain in effect until
such date that Motorsport Network no longer holds at least 20 of the voting interest in Motorsport Games, at which point we anticipate
being able to extend or re-negotiate the promotion agreement on reasonable terms. 

We
have also continued to invest in and expand our audience base through traditional marketing and sales distribution channels including
Facebook, Twitter, Twitch, YouTube and other online social networks, as well as our own platform Traxion which is a source
of information and news for all things relating to virtual racing and esports. 

Revenues 

We
currently generate revenue primarily by selling our racing video game products for video game consoles, PC, and mobile platforms
through various retail and digital channels, including full-game and downloadable content. In addition, we began providing product
development services to third-parties for the first time in 2022 that included the ongoing support and maintenance of developed
software. 

Our
esports business generates revenues from sponsorships, advertising and media rights for events and competitions. In addition, should
audience patterns continue to grow, we believe the esports business has the potential to generate incremental revenues through the further
sale of media rights to the Company s esports events and competitions, as well as merchandising and sports betting. 

Marketing,
Sales, and Distribution 

Many
of our products contain software that enables us to connect with our gamers directly, including through customized advertising and in-game
messaging based on customer preferences and trends. This provides a significant marketing tool that allows us to communicate and market
directly to our customers. 

Other
direct marketing efforts include activities on Facebook, Twitter, Twitch, YouTube and other online social networks, online advertising,
public relations activity, print and broadcast advertising, coordinated in-store and industry promotions (including merchandising and
point of purchase displays), participation in cooperative advertising programs, direct response vehicles, and product sampling through
demonstration software distributed through the Internet or the digital online services provided by our partners. Our relationship with
Motorsport Network also provides us access to their highly engaged, brand-loyal and affluent audience, including in the form of editorial
coverage, ad stack and special organic integrations that puts us in front of this targeted audience. 

From
time to time, we also receive marketing support from hardware manufacturers, producers of consumer products related to a game, and retailers
in connection with their own promotional efforts, as well as co-marketing from promotional partners. For example, through our partnership
with NASCAR, we benefit from having access to their extensive fanbase and social and digital media audience to market our products through
email marketing campaigns, coordinated social media advertising and collaborated press releases, further expanding NASCAR and racing
enthusiasts awareness of our products. This is similar with our other partnerships with INDYCAR, Le Mans, WEC, BTCC, Formula E
and others. 

13 

Additionally,
704Games is a 50/50 joint venture partner with an affiliate of Race Team Alliance RTA to develop the eNHPL. RTA is an
organization consisting of 16 NASCAR Cup Series teams and supports the promotion of eNASCAR Heat Pro League eNHPL events through their individual team social
and digital platforms, among other things, including by cross-posting Facebook livestreams of race broadcasts, adding eNHPL specific
pages on team/sponsor websites, displaying tune-in graphics and digital promotions, generating creative content with specific eNHPL drivers,
supporting NASCAR Heat social and digital content, and integrating with existing partners and more. Most notable, the RTA teams include
the eNHPL and NASCARHeat.com logos on the contingency space on each of their NASCAR Cup Series vehicles for a number of NASCAR events.
The contingency space is located behind the front tire and in front of the car number, placing the logos in prime sponsorship space on
the race car. These logos are clearly visible on the cars during televised race action and are also clearly seen in Victory Lane photos,
leading to increased awareness about the eNHPL and the NASCAR Heat franchise through this unique promotional channel. 

We
also are able to sell directly to consumers through various digital platforms. Our products and content are available for consumers to
purchase and download at their convenience directly to their video game console, PC, or mobile device through our platform partners,
including Microsoft Corporation Microsoft ), Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc. Sony ), Apple Inc. Apple ),
Nintendo Co., Ltd. Nintendo ), Google and Steam. 

Our
physical gaming products are sold through a distribution network with an exclusive partner who specializes in the distribution of
games through mass-market retailers (e.g., Target, Wal-Mart), consumer electronics stores (e.g., Best Buy), discount warehouses,
game specialty stores (e.g., GameStop) and other online retail stores (e.g., Amazon). We expect to continue to derive significant
revenues from sales of our physical gaming products to a very limited number of distribution partners. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we sold substantially all of our physical disk products for the retail channel through a single distribution partner,
which represented approximately 9 and 28 of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Customer
Concentration 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, three customers accounted for approximately 61 and four customer accounted for 83 of
our consolidated revenues, respectively. No other customer accounted for 10 or more of our revenues in those periods. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, four customers accounted for approximately 90 of our accounts receivable, and for the year ended December
31, 2021, two customers accounted for approximately 70 of our accounts receivable. No other customer accounted for 10 or more of
our accounts receivable in those periods. A reduction in sales from or loss of these customers would have a material adverse effect
on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

Digital
Marketing Strategy 

As
part of our plan to maximize our revenues and product offerings, we utilize an audience-centric approach, by collecting audience data
across all of our products, platforms, campaigns, attribution models, and analytics tools. These metrics are then turned into actionable
insights for use in the development of our games and esports offerings. 

We
monitor audience data to improve our understanding of three key areas consumer behavioral changes, brand perception, and location
in the sales funnel which in turn allows us to build relationships with our customers and brand partners. 

We
use this audience intelligence to personalize messaging, product positioning, and creatives based on user signals and their position
in the sales funnel. We believe this strategy is designed to minimize ad spend waste, increase customer conversion and thereby increase
our return on investment. 

14 

Strategic
Licenses and Partnerships 

NASCAR 

We
are currently party to a series of license agreements with NASCAR for worldwide rights to use the NASCAR brand. Through our acquisition
of 704Games in 2018, we obtained the exclusive right, subject to certain limited exceptions, to use certain licensed rights (including
the rights of certain NASCAR teams) to develop, promote, advertise, distribute, manufacture and package simulation-style video gaming
products, which are NASCAR-branded video game products. These games have a stock car and/or truck racing theme relating to NASCAR-sanctioned
events intended to replicate authentic NASCAR racing competition rules and structure. The limited exceptions to this exclusive right
represent third-party NASCAR- branded casual games, which may incorporate some mix of core characteristics of simulation-style video
gaming products provided they are utilized with additional distinguishing creative liberties which are not consistent with authentic
NASCAR racing. We also have a non-exclusive right to use certain licensed rights (including the rights of certain NASCAR teams) to develop,
promote, advertise, distribute, manufacture and package other NASCAR-branded driving or non-driving gaming products. 

In
addition, we have the exclusive right to use NASCAR-branded simulation-style video gaming products as the platform for conducting and
administering esports leagues and events for NASCAR. Such exclusivity excludes esports events relating to iRacing, which is a NASCAR-sanctioned
motorsport racing simulation currently available for the PC platform and designed to imitate exact NASCAR racing physics and conditions
(including for certain NASCAR racing series), and certain competitive gaming events that fall outside of the exclusivity granted to us. 

Our
current license arrangement with NASCAR expires on December 31, 2029. The license arrangement provides for a commitment by both parties
to participate in exclusive negotiations to renew the license, beginning March 1, 2028, with negotiations lasting for at least 90 days.
The license arrangement also requires us to pay royalties, including certain minimum annual guarantees, on an ongoing basis to NASCAR
and to meet certain product distribution, development, marketing and related milestones. 

24
Hours of Le Mans 

On
March 15, 2019, we formed Le Mans Esports Series Limited as a joint venture between Motorsport Games and ACO with the primary purpose
of carrying on the promotion of and running of an esports event business replicating races of the WEC and the 24 Hours of Le Mans race
on an electronic gaming platform. Through our ownership interest in this joint venture, which was increased to 51 from 45 in January
2021, we secured the rights to be the exclusive video game developer and publisher for the 24 Hours of Le Mans race and the WEC through
a separate license agreement. This license expires 10 years beginning from the date of our first release of a WEC or Le Mans race video
gaming product with the term automatically renewing for an additional ten-year term unless ACO provides written notice of its intent
not to renew. In exchange for such license, we agreed to fund up to 8,000,000 (approximately 8,530,000 USD as of December 31,
2022) as needed for development of the video game products, to be contributed on an as-needed basis during the term of the license. Additionally,
we are obligated to pay ACO an annual payment beginning from the time of the launch of the first video game product and continuing on
each anniversary thereof for the term of the license. In addition, through this joint venture, we have the right to create and organize
esports leagues and events for the 24 Hours of Le Mans race, the WEC and the 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual event through certain additional
license agreements. These additional license agreements, which were granted on a royalty-free basis, each expire January 25, 2031 with
the term automatically renewing for an additional ten-year term unless ACO provides written notice of its intent not to renew. This joint
venture shall continue until the earlier of the date on which the parties cease to be beneficially entitled in the aggregate to 25 or
more of the equity share capital of the joint venture, the parties otherwise cease to control the affairs of the joint venture or the
date of the commencement of the winding-up of the joint venture. If certain events of defaults occur, the non-defaulting party has a
call option pursuant to which it can force the defaulting party to sell all (but not part) of its ownership in the joint venture in accordance
with the joint venture agreement. 

15 

BTCC 

On
May 29, 2020, we entered into a license agreement with BARC (TOCA) Limited BARC ), the exclusive promoter of the BTCC.
Pursuant to the agreement, we were granted an exclusive license to use certain licensed intellectual property for motorsports and/or
racing video gaming products related to, themed as, or containing the BTCC, on consoles and mobile applications, esports series and
esports events (including our esports platform). In exchange for the license, the agreement required us to pay BARC an initial fee
in two equal installments of 100,000 each, both of which were made prior to their respective due dates. Following the initial fee,
the agreement also requires us to pay royalties, including certain minimum annual guarantees, on an ongoing basis to BARC and to
meet certain product distribution, marketing and related milestones, subject to termination penalties. The agreement shall remain in
effect through December 31, 2026. However, if BARC s agreement with the Royal Automobile Club Motor Sport Association Limited
to promote the BTCC is extended, BARC shall notify us and discussions for an extension of the license agreement shall take place no
later than March 31, 2026. Except in the event of termination for breach, a sell off period will begin and continue until the
earlier of 180 days from such termination or December 31, 2026. 

INDYCAR 

On
July 13, 2021, we entered into a royalty-bearing license agreement (the INDYCAR Gaming License with INDYCAR LLC. Pursuant
to the INDYCAR Gaming License, INDYCAR LLC licensed us to use certain licensed intellectual property (described in the INDYCAR Gaming
License) for motorsports and/or racing video gaming products related to, themed as, or containing the INDYCAR SERIES. The INDYCAR Gaming
License is a long-term agreement, in connection with which the parties intend to form an exclusive relationship for the development of
video games to be the official video games of the INDYCAR SERIES. 

In
exchange for the INDYCAR Gaming License, we will pay to INDYCAR an annual development fee during calendar years 2021 and 2022, after
which we will pay INDYCAR a royalty fee equal to a certain percentage of sales of physical and digital video gaming products, subject
to certain annual minimum royalty guarantees. We have agreed under the INDYCAR Gaming License to provide advertising and publicity to
bring the INDYCAR SERIES racing video gaming products to the attention of as many purchasers and potential purchasers as possible. 

Additionally,
we and INDYCAR entered into a royalty-bearing license agreement with INDYCAR which licensed us to use certain INDYCAR intellectual property Licensed IP for motorsports and/or racing esports events related to, themed as, or containing the INDYCAR SERIES (including
the rFactor 2 platform) (the INDYCAR Esports License ). The INDYCAR Esports License is a long-term agreement, in connection
with which the parties intend to form an exclusive relationship for the development of events to be the official esports events of the
INDYCAR SERIES, which include the esports events related to and/or themed as or containing the Licensed IP and related features which,
prior to launch, are hosted on our rFactor 2 platform and, after launch of the products, are hosted using the products. 

RTA 

On
February 18, 2019, we formed the Racing Pro League, LLC a 50/50 partnership between our subsidiary 704Games and an affiliate of RTA,
with the primary purpose to create, own and operate the eNHPL, a stock car and/or stock truck racing themed esports multiplayer competition
video gaming league based on the NASCAR Heat video game series. As part of this partnership, 704Games manages day-to-day operations of
the eNHPL and RTA provides certain intellectual property rights from RTA teams and supports the promotion of eNHPL events through their
individual team social and digital platforms, team/sponsor websites, digital promotions, content with specific eNHPL drivers, integration
with existing partners and more. This partnership shall continue until dissolved by the approval of the board of Racing Pro League, LLC
and each of 704Games and RTA, as members, or as required by law. 

16 

Epic
Games 

On
August 11, 2020, through our wholly owned subsidiary, MS Gaming Development LLC, we entered into a licensing agreement with Epic Games
International Epic for worldwide licensing rights to Epic s proprietary computer program known as the Unreal Engine
4. This Agreement was assigned from MS Gaming Development LLC to Motorsport Games Inc. on September 3, 2021. 

Pursuant
to the agreement, we were granted a nonexclusive, non-transferable and terminable license to develop, market and sublicense (under limited
circumstances and subject to conditions of the agreement) certain products using the Unreal Engine 4 for our next generation of games.
In exchange for the license, the agreement requires us to pay Epic an initial license fee, royalties, support fees and supplemental license
fees for additional platforms. During a two-year support period, Epic will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide us with
updates to the Unreal Engine 4 and technical support via a licensee forum. After the expiration of the support period, Epic has no further
obligation to provide or to offer to provide any support services. The agreement is effective until terminated under the provisions of
the agreement; however, pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we can only actively develop new or existing authorized products during
a five-year active development period, which terminates on August 11, 2025. 

Arrangements
with Console Manufacturers 

Under
the terms of agreements entered into separately with Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo and their affiliates, we are authorized to develop and
distribute disc-based and digitally-delivered software products and services compatible with PlayStation, Xbox and Switch consoles, respectively.
Under these agreements with Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo, we have the non-exclusive right to use, for the specified term and in a designated
territory, technology that is owned or licensed by them to publish our games on their respective consoles. With respect to our digitally
delivered products and services, the console manufacturers pay us either a wholesale price or a royalty percentage on the revenue they
derive from their sales of our products and services. Our transactions for packaged goods products are made pursuant to individual purchase
orders, which are accepted on a case-by case basis by Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo (or their designated replicators), as the case may
be. For packaged goods products, we pay the console manufacturers a per-unit royalty for each unit manufactured. Many key commercial
terms of our relationships with Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo, such as manufacturing terms, delivery times, policies and approval conditions,
are determined unilaterally, and are subject to change by the console manufacturers. 

The
license agreements also require us to indemnify the console manufacturers for any loss, liability and expense resulting from any claim
against the console manufacturer regarding our games and services, including any claims for patent, copyright or trademark infringement
brought against the console manufacturer. Each license may be terminated by the console manufacturer or shall terminate if a breach or
default by us is not cured after we receive written notice from the console manufacturer, or if we become insolvent. The console manufacturers
are not obligated to enter into license agreements with us for any future consoles, products or services. 

Product
Development and Support 

We
develop and produce our titles using a model in which a group of creative, technical, and production professionals, including among others,
designers, producers, programmers, artists, and sound engineers, in coordination with our marketing, finance, analytics, sales, and other
professionals, has responsibility for the entire development and production process, including the supervision and coordination of, where
appropriate, external resources. We believe this model allows us to deploy the best resources for a given task, by supplementing our
internal expertise with top-quality external resources on an as-needed basis. 

In
addition to our experienced development team, we also rely, in part, on third-party software developers for the partial development of
our titles. From time to time, we also acquire the license rights to publish and/or distribute software products. Additionally, in April
2021, we acquired Studio397, the company behind the industry leading rFactor 2 racing simulation platform, as discussed above. Following
this acquisition, Studio397 continues its work on the rFactor 2 platform while also developing the physics and handling models for our
other project games. 

We
also provide various forms of product support. Central technology and development teams review, assess, and provide support to products
throughout the development process. Quality assurance personnel are also involved throughout the development and production of published
content. We subject all such content to extensive testing before public release to ensure compatibility with appropriate hardware systems
and configurations and to minimize the number of bugs and other defects found in the products. To support our content, we generally provide
rapid game support to players through various means, primarily online through our social media channels. 

17 

Competition 

The
interactive entertainment industry is intensely competitive and new interactive entertainment software products and platforms are regularly
introduced. We believe that the main competitive factors in the interactive entertainment industry include: product features, game quality,
and playability; brand name recognition; compatibility of products with popular platforms; access to distribution channels; online capability
and functionality; ease of use; price; marketing support; and quality of customer service. 

We
compete with other publishers of virtual racing video games for console, PC, and mobile entertainment, including Codemasters and other
major video game publishers and esports companies, such as Electronic Arts. In addition to third-party software competitors, integrated
video game console hardware and software companies, such as Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo, compete directly with us in the development
of game titles for their respective platforms, including titles in the motorsport racing genre, even though they generally cannot create
branded NASCAR, Le Mans, INDYCAR or BTCC games for which we hold licenses. A number of software publishers have developed and commercialized,
or are currently developing, online games for use by consumers, and we must compete with them for our audience base. 

In
a broad sense, we compete for the leisure time and discretionary spending of consumers with other interactive entertainment companies,
as well as with providers of different forms of entertainment, such as film, television, social networking, music and other consumer
products. 

Seasonality
in Our Business 

Historically,
we have seen a high degree of seasonality in our business and financial results due to the introduction of seasonal video game updates.
We generally aim to synchronize these yearly video game updates with the start of the new racing season and race calendars. Overall,
our sales volumes are strongest around the time we launch our new products and also tend to be stronger at the start of the NASCAR racing
season. We expect similar patterns for new racing series we are or may be in the process of developing and publishing in the future.
We have also historically experienced a higher demand for our games during our fourth calendar quarter due to seasonal holiday demand. 

Employees 

Our
business relies on our ability to attract and retain the right team to enable us to be a leading game developer, publisher and esports
ecosystem provider of official motorsport racing series throughout the world. We invest heavily in hiring and retaining talented people,
particularly as we grow our business. Our headcount as of December 31, 2022 was 134, of which 133 were full-time employees, including
91 developers, located primarily in the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia and the Republic of Georgia. None of our employees
were covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we believe that relations with our employees are generally good. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet
and mobile platforms, including those relating to privacy, use and protection of player and employee personal information and data (including
the collection of data from minors), the Internet, behavioral tracking, mobile applications, content, advertising and marketing activities
(including sweepstakes, contests and giveaways), and anti-corruption. Many of these laws and regulations
are continuously evolving and developing, and the application to, and ultimate impact on, us is uncertain. Additional laws in
all of these areas are likely to be passed in the future, which could result in significant limitations on or changes to the ways in
which we can collect, use, host, store or transmit the personal information and data of our customers or employees, communicate with
our players, and deliver products and services, and may significantly increase our compliance costs. As our business expands to include
new uses or collection of data that are subject to privacy or security regulations, our compliance requirements and costs will increase,
and we may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk
Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Government regulations applicable to us may negatively impact our business 
of this Report for additional information. 

18 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
business is based on the creation, acquisition, use and protection of intellectual property. Some of this intellectual property is in
the form of software code, trademarks and copyrights, and trade secrets that we use to develop our games and to enable them to run properly
on multiple platforms. Other intellectual property we integrate includes audio-visual elements, including graphics, music and interface
design. 

While
most of the intellectual property we use has been created or acquired by us, we have licensed rights to certain significant proprietary
intellectual property. We have also licensed rights from third parties to use certain significant marquee racing brands and related intellectual
property (See, Strategic Licenses and Partnerships ). These agreements typically limit our use of the third party s
respective intellectual property to specific uses and for specific time periods, in consideration for up-front and recurring royalty
payments that are typically based upon our sales of the respective products. 

We
protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We
control access to our proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees
and contractors, and nondisclosure agreements with third parties. We also engage in monitoring and enforcement activities with respect
to infringing uses of our intellectual property by third parties. 

In
addition to these contractual arrangements, we also rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, trademark, trade dress and domain
names to protect our games and other intellectual property. We typically own the copyright to the software code to our content, as well
as the brand or title name trademark under which our games are marketed. We pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks,
and service marks in the United States and in certain locations outside the United States. 

Corporate
History and Available Information 

Motorsport Gaming US LLC was organized as a limited liability company on August 2, 2018 under the laws of the State of Florida. On January
8, 2021, Motorsport Gaming US LLC converted into a Delaware corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion and changed its name to Motorsport
Games Inc. in connection with our IPO. Effective as of January 8, 2021, 100 of the membership interests held by the sole member of Motorsport
Gaming US LLC, Motorsport Network, converted into an aggregate of (i) 700,000 shares of Class A common stock of Motorsport Games Inc.,
which have 1 vote per share (the MSN Initial Class A Shares and (ii) 700,000 shares of Class B common stock, which have
10 votes per share, of Motorsport Games Inc., which represented all of the outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock immediately
following the corporate conversion. Motorsport Network is the only holder of shares of the Company s Class B common stock and does
not have any transfer, conversion, registration, or economic rights with respect to such shares of Class B common stock. 

In November 2022, the
Company amended its certificate of incorporation to effectuate a reverse split of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A
common stock and Class B common stock at a ratio of 1-for-10. Shares underlying outstanding equity-based awards were proportionately
decreased and the respective per share exercise prices, if applicable, were proportionately increased in accordance with the terms
of the agreements governing such securities. There was no change in the par value of the Class A common stock and Class B common
stock as a result of the reverse stock split. 

Our
Internet address is www.motorsportgames.com . We make available free of charge through our
website copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC
maintains a website, www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information contained on our website is not included as a part of, or incorporated
by reference into, this Report. 

19 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding other
statements in this Report. The following information should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes
in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. 

The
business, financial condition and operating results of the Company can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or
unknown, including but not limited to those described below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause the Company s
actual financial condition and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating
results. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition,
operating results and stock price. Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company s financial
condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance,
and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Liquidity 

We
have incurred significant losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. Accordingly,
our financial condition raises substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
incurred a net loss of 36.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and had negative cash flows from operations of
approximately 19.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 74.0 million. We expect to continue to incur
losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to incur significant expenses to support the planned costs to operate our business,
including amounts required to fund working capital, support the development and introduction of new products, maintain existing
titles, and certain capital expenditures. Additionally, we expect our expenses to continue to increase due to the additional
operational and reporting costs associated with being a public company. 

As
a result of our financial condition, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern.
The report of our independent registered public accountant on our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 also includes explanatory language describing the existence of substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
There have been no adjustments to the accompanying financial statements to reflect this uncertainty. See Part II, Item 7, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Going Concern of this Report and
Note 1 Business Organization, Nature of Operations and Risks and Uncertainties in our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

Management
currently believes that it will be necessary for us to secure additional funds to continue our existing business operations and to fund
our obligations. We may choose to raise additional funds during 2023 through a variety of equity and/or debt financing arrangements;
however, there are currently no commitments in place for future financing and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain
funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues, reduce cost and/or secure additional financing
on acceptable terms, we may be required to, among other things, alter our business strategy, significantly curtail or discontinue operations
or obtain funds by entering into financing agreements on unattractive terms. See Risks Related to Our Financial Condition
and Liquidity We will require additional capital to meet our financial obligations, and this capital might not be available on
acceptable terms or at all below for additional information. 

20 

We
will require additional capital to meet our financial obligations, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms or at
all. 

We
expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to incur significant expenses. Accordingly, as a result
of our financial condition, we will need to engage in equity and/or debt financing arrangements to secure additional funds to continue
our existing business operations and to fund our obligations. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity (including
preferred stock) or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities
we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock, including, without limitation,
in respect of the payment of dividends and the payment of liquidating distributions. Because our decision to issue debt or preferred
securities in any future offering, or to borrow money from lenders, will depend in part on market conditions and other factors beyond
our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any such future offerings or borrowings. For example, financial market instability or disruptions to the banking system due to bank failures, particularly in light of the recent
events that have occurred with respect to Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, may adversely affect our ability to enter into new financing
arrangements and facilities, or our ability to access existing cash, cash equivalents and investments. 

Holders of our Class
A common stock will bear the risk of any such future offerings or borrowings. Further, any future debt financing could require compliance
with restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it
more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Debt financing
must be repaid regardless of whether we generate revenues or cash flows from operations and may be secured by substantially all of our
assets. 

There
are currently no commitments in place to satisfy our future needed liquidity and capital resources and there can be no assurance that
we will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate funds on acceptable
terms, we may be required to, among other things, significantly curtail or discontinue operations or obtain funds by entering into financing
agreements on unattractive terms. 

If
we are unable to satisfy our cash requirements, including from any equity and/or debt financing arrangements, we could be required to
adopt one or more of the following alternatives: 

delaying
 the implementation of or revising certain aspects of our business strategy; 

reducing
 or delaying the development and launch of new products and events; 

reducing
 or delaying capital spending, product development spending and marketing and promotional spending; 

selling
 assets or operations; 

seeking
 additional capital contributions and/or loans from Motorsport Network, the Company s other affiliates and/or third parties;
 and/or 

reducing
 other discretionary spending. 

There
can be no assurance that we would be able to take any of the actions referred to above because of a variety of commercial or market factors,
including, without limitation, market conditions being unfavorable for an equity or debt issuance, additional capital contributions and/or
loans not being available from Motorsport Network or affiliates and/or third parties, or that the transactions may not be permitted under
the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect, such as due to restrictions on the incurrence of debt, incurrence of liens,
asset dispositions and related party transactions. In addition, such actions, if taken, may not enable us to satisfy our cash requirements
if the actions that we are able to consummate do not generate a sufficient amount of additional capital. See Part II, Item 7, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Going Concern of this Report and
Note 1 Business Organization, Nature of Operations and Risks and Uncertainties in our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

21 

Limits
on our borrowing capacity under the 12 million Line of Credit may affect our ability to finance our operations. 

Our
ability to borrow additional funds under the 12 million Line of Credit is limited by Motorsport Network s ability to fund such
borrowing requests. If and to the extent that Motorsport Network were to be unable to fund any such requests, we will not have complete
access to some or all of the commitment available under the 12 million Line of Credit, but rather would have access to a lesser amount
as determined by Motorsport Network s ability to fund our borrowing requests. Given the state of the financial markets, we have
recently assessed our exposure to any potential non-performance by Motorsport Network and believes that there is a substantial likelihood
that Motorsport Network may not fulfill our future borrowing requests. Because of these limitations, we do not rely on being able to
meet our cash requirements with any additional fundings under the 12 million Line of Credit. If Motorsport Network is unable to fulfill
their commitment to advance funds to us under the 12 million Line of Credit, it would impact our potential sources of liquidity and,
depending upon the amount involved and our liquidity requirements, it could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our operations,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

If
we do not consistently deliver popular products or if consumers prefer competing products, our business may be negatively impacted. 

In
order to remain competitive, we must continuously develop new products or enhancements to our existing products. Consumer preferences
for games are usually cyclical and difficult to predict, and even the most successful content remains popular for only a limited period
of time unless refreshed or otherwise enhanced. These products or enhancements may not be well-received by consumers, even if well-reviewed
and of high quality. Further, competitors may develop content that imitates or competes with our best-selling games, potentially taking
sales away from us or reducing our ability to charge the same prices we have historically charged for our products. These competing products
may take a larger share of consumer spending than anticipated, which could cause product sales to fall below expectations. If we do not
continue to develop consistently high-quality and well-received games, if our marketing fails to resonate with our consumers, if consumers
lose interest in a genre of games we produce, if the use of cross-promotion within our mobile games to retain consumers becomes less
effective, or if our competitors develop more successful products or offer competitive products at lower prices, our revenues and profit
margins could decline. For example, our NASCAR 21: Ignition game released in October 2021 was generally not well-received and, as a
result, our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were adversely affected due to lower game sales. Further, a failure by us
to develop a high-quality product, or our development of a product that is otherwise not well-received, could potentially result in additional
expenditures to respond to consumer demands, harm our reputation, and increase the likelihood that our future products will not be well-
received. The increased importance of downloadable content to our business amplifies these risks, as downloadable content for poorly-received
games typically generates lower-than-expected sales. In addition, our own best-selling products could compete with our other games, reducing
sales for those other games. 

Our
business and products are highly concentrated in the racing game genre, and our operating results may suffer if consumer preferences
shift away from this genre. 

All
of our revenue is currently generated, and is expected to continue to be substantially generated, from products in the racing game genre.
Accordingly, our future success will depend on the popularity of games in the racing game genre with consumers. Consumer preferences
are difficult to predict and subject to frequent changes, and if interest in the racing game genre declines, even if our share of the
racing game genre is stable or expands, our operating results could suffer. Additionally, our concentration in the racing game genre
could place us at a disadvantage against other gaming companies that offer a more diverse selection of games. 

22 

If
we do not provide high-quality products, our business may be negatively impacted. 

Consumer
expectations regarding the quality, performance and integrity of our products and services are high. Consumers may be critical of our
brands, games, services and/or business practices for a wide variety of reasons, and such negative reactions may not be foreseeable or
within our control to manage effectively. For example, if our games or services, such as our creation and organization of esports leagues
and events, do not function as consumers expect, whether because they fail to function as advertised or otherwise, our sales may suffer, as was the case with our NASCAR 21: Ignition game as discussed above. If any of these issues occur, consumers may stop playing the
game and may be less likely to return to the game as often in the future, which may negatively impact our business. 

If
we fail to deliver products in a timely manner, our business may be negatively impacted. 

Delays
in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of one or more new products could negatively impact our business,
our revenues and reputation and could cause our results of operations to be materially different from expectations. This is particularly
the case where we seek to release certain products in conjunction with key events, such as the beginning of a racing season or a major
racing event. If we fail to release our products in a timely manner, or if we are unable to continue to improve our existing games by
adding features and functionality that will encourage continued engagement with these games, our business may be negatively impacted.
Moreover, if we or our third-party developers experience unanticipated development delays, financial difficulties, or additional costs,
for example as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or the current labor supply constraints affecting many industries, we may not be able
to release titles according to our schedule and at budgeted costs. There can be no assurance that our products will be sufficiently successful
so that we can recoup these costs or make a profit on these products. 

Additionally,
the amount of lead time and cost involved in the development of high-quality products is increasing due to growing technical complexities
and higher expectations from consumers. As a result, it is especially critical that we accurately predict consumer demand for such products.
If our future products do not achieve expected consumer acceptance or generate sufficient revenues upon introduction, we may not be able
to recover the substantial up-front development and marketing costs associated with those products. 

The
ongoing and prolonged COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our operations and, if it reemerges in severity in the future, may further adversely
affect our business operations, financial performance, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and/or results of operations, the extent
of which is uncertain and difficult to predict. 

The
lingering impact of COVID-19 has continued to create significant volatility throughout the global economy, such as supply chain disruptions,
limited labor supplies, higher inflation, and recession, which in turn has caused constraints on consumer spending. More recently, new
variants of COVID-19, such as the Omicron variant and its subvariants, that are significantly more contagious than previous strains,
have emerged. Further, the effectiveness of approved vaccines on these new strains remains uncertain. The spread of these new strains
initially caused many government authorities and businesses to reimplement prior restrictions in an effort to lessen the spread of COVID-19
and its variants. However, while many of these restrictions have been lifted, uncertainty remains as to whether additional restrictions
may be initiated or again reimplemented in response to surges in COVID-19 cases. 

23 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the related responses from government authorities, our business and operations have been
impacted, including the temporary closures of our offices in Miami, Florida, and Silverstone, England, which resulted in many of our
employees working remotely . Throughout the initial outbreak
of the COVID-19 pandemic, several retailers experienced closures, reduced operating hours and/or
other restrictions, which negatively impacted the sales of our products from such retailers . Additionally,
in our esports business, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in the cancellation or postponement of certain events to later dates or the shifting
of events from an in-person format to online only . 

Our
business operations, financial performance and results of operations have been and could be further adversely affected in a number of
ways, particularly if the COVID-19 pandemic remerges in severity in the future including, but not limited to, the following: 

reduced
 consumer demand for our products and adverse effects on the discretionary spending patterns of our customers, including the ability
 of our customers to pay for our products; 

the
 operations and seasons of the motorsports industry may be further altered or even canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which may
 further affect the demand for our products and esports business; 

further
 disruptions to our operations, including any additional closures of our offices and facilities, which may affect our ability to develop,
 market, and sell our products; 

disruptions
 to the operations of our suppliers, business partners and others, including the physical retail, digital download online platforms,
 and cloud streaming services we rely on for the distribution of our products, the suppliers who manufacture our physical products
 and other third parties with which we partner (e.g., to market or ship our products); 

increased
 counterparty credit risk, as certain of our counterparties may face financial difficulties in paying owed amounts on a timely basis
 or at all; 

Limitations
 on employee resources productivity and availability, including due to sickness, government restrictions, labor supply constraints,
 the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people or mass transit disruptions; 

a
 continuation or worsening of general economic conditions, including increased inflation, which may adversely affect discretionary
 spending by consumers; 

a
 fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, which could impact our operations in the United Kingdom, or interest rates could
 result from market uncertainties; and 

an
 increase in the cost or the difficulty of obtaining debt or equity financing could affect our financial condition or our ability
 to fund operations or future investment opportunities. 

Additionally,
an increase in the number of employees working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic also increases the potential adverse impact of risk
associated with information technology systems and networks, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malicious software, security
breaches, and telecommunication failures, both for systems and networks we control directly and for those that employees and third-party
developers rely on to work remotely. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or cyber risks or detect, or respond adequately
to, a security breach or cyber risk, or any other disruptions to our information technology systems and networks, can have adverse effects
on our business. 

24 

The
spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation
of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities
or that we determine are prudent to support the well-being of the Company s employees, suppliers,
business partners and others . 

Any
of the foregoing could adversely affect our business operations, financial performance and results of operations. The potential effects
of COVID-19 may also impact and potentially heighten many of our other risk factors discussed in this Risk Factors section.
 The degree to which the ongoing and prolonged COVID-19 pandemic impacts our operations, business,
financial results, liquidity, and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, continuously evolving
and cannot be predicted. This includes, but is not limited to, the duration and spread of the pandemic; its severity; the emergence and
severity of its variants; the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, such as the availability and efficacy of vaccines (particularly
with respect to emerging strains of the virus) and potential hesitancy to utilize them; the effect on discretionary spending by consumers;
and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume . 

Declines
in consumer spending and other adverse changes in economic, market and geopolitical conditions could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our
business is subject to economic, market and geopolitical conditions, which are beyond our control. In particular, o ur
product purchases are predominately driven by discretionary spending by consumers. We believe that consumer spending is influenced by
general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. This makes our products particularly sensitive to general economic
conditions and economic cycles as consumers are generally more willing to make discretionary purchases, including purchases of products
like ours, during periods in which favorable economic conditions prevail. Adverse economic, market and geopolitical conditions, such
as a prolonged U.S. or international general economic downturn, whether or not caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or geopolitical issues,
including the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, could result in further periods of increased inflation, unemployment levels, tax
rates, interest rates, energy prices, or declining consumer confidence, which would also reduce consumer spending. Reduced consumer spending
may in the future result in reduced demand for our products and may also require increased selling and promotional expenses, which has
had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, during periods
of relative economic weakness, our consolidated credit risk, reflecting our counterparty dealings with distributors, customers, capital
providers and others may increase, perhaps materially so. Furthermore, uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could also increase
the risk of material losses on our investments, costs associated with developing and publishing our products, the cost and availability
of sources of financing, and our exposure to material losses from bad debts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results. If economic conditions worsen, our business, financial condition and operating results
could be adversely affected. 

We
are particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks specific to the entertainment industry, which include the popularity, price,
and timing of our products; changes in consumer demographics; the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment and leisure;
and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted. 

The
video game and esports industry is significantly dependent on the popularity of a small number of games, and we may not have access to
 hit games or titles. 

The
video game and esports industries have generally been dominated by a select few hit game titles. Accordingly, the success
of our esports events will be closely linked to the quality and popularity of the games we publish or support for our esports events.
Further, if we are unable to produce engaging and popular games, we may fail to sell the expected number of console games, meet our target
install number for our mobile games, attract sufficient numbers of gamers to participate in our esports events attract a growing audience
for our live esports streams, all of which may have a material and adverse impact on our results of operations and financial conditions. 

25 

We
depend on a relatively small number of franchises for a significant portion of our revenues and profits. 

We
follow a franchise model and a significant portion of our revenues has historically been derived from products based on a relatively
small number of popular franchises. These products are responsible for a disproportionately high percentage of our profits. For example,
revenues associated with our NASCAR franchise accounted for approximately 63 and 88 of our total revenue for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the future, we expect this trend to continue with a relatively limited number of franchises producing
a disproportionately high percentage of our revenues and profits. Due to this dependence on a limited number of franchises, the failure
to achieve anticipated results by one or more products based on these franchises could negatively impact our business. Additionally,
if the popularity of a franchise declines, we may have to write off the unrecovered portion of the underlying intellectual property assets,
which could negatively impact our business. 

Our
ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property, especially for sports titles, affects our revenue and profitability.
Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our costs. 

Most
of our products and services are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. For example, we have obtained an exclusive
license for our NASCAR racing video games and related-esports franchise (subject to certain limited exceptions), as well as licenses
to develop multi-platform games for the BTCC, the 24 Hours of Le Mans race, the WEC and INDYCAR. Additionally, through a series of joint
ventures and other agreements with various racing series, we own exclusive rights to operate various esports tournaments and leagues,
including the Le Mans Virtual Series and the eNHPL. Competition for these licenses and rights is intense. If we are unable to maintain
these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses or rights with significant commercial value, our ability to develop successful
and engaging games and services may be adversely affected and our revenue, profitability and cash flows may decline significantly. Competition
for these licenses also may increase minimum guarantees and royalty rates payable to licensors and developers, which could significantly
increase our costs and reduce our profitability. 

The
importance of retail sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model. 

While
our customer base is increasingly purchasing our games as digital downloads, retail sales will remain important to our business. These
physical gaming products are sold through a distribution network with an exclusive partner who specializes in the distribution of games
through mass-market retailers (e.g., Target, Wal-Mart), consumer electronics stores (e.g., Best Buy), discount warehouses, game specialty
stores (e.g., GameStop) and other online retail stores (e.g., Amazon). The loss of, or a significant reduction in sales by, any of these
retailers could have adverse consequences to our business and results of operations. 

Moreover,
the importance of retail sales to our business exposes us to the risk of price protection with respect to our distribution partners and
retailers. Price protection, when granted, allows these distribution partners and retailers to receive a credit from us against amounts
owed to us with respect to merchandise unsold by them. We typically grant price protection to distribution partners and retailers who
meet certain conditions, which include compliance with applicable payment and marketing terms, delivery of weekly inventory and sales
information and consistent participation in the launches of premium title releases. We may also consider other factors, including the
facilitation of slow-moving inventory and other industry factors. Although we maintain a reserve for price protection, and although we
may place limits on price protection, we may be required to provide substantial price protection to maintain our relationships with retailers
and our distribution partners. 

Further,
retailers typically have a limited amount of brick and mortar shelf space and promotional resources, and there is intense
competition for high-quality retail shelf space and promotional support from retailers. Similarly, for online retail sales, there is
increasing competition for premium placement on websites. Competition for shelf space or premium online placement may intensify and require
us to increase our marketing expenditures. Additionally, retailers with limited shelf space typically devote the most and highest quality
shelf space to those products expected to be best sellers, such as those perceived to be AAA titles. We cannot be certain
that our new products will achieve such best seller status. Due to increased competition for limited shelf space, retailers
and distribution partners are in an increasingly strong position to negotiate favorable terms of sale, including price discounts, price
protection and marketing and display fees, as applicable. Our products constitute a relatively small percentage of most retailers 
sales volume. We cannot be certain that retailers will continue to purchase our products or provide those products with adequate levels
of shelf space and promotional support on acceptable terms. 

26 

We
primarily depend on a single third-party distribution partner to distribute our games for the retail channel, and our ability to negotiate
favorable terms with such partner and its continued willingness to purchase our games is critical for our business. 

As
discussed above, our physical gaming products are sold through a distribution network with an exclusive partner who specializes in
the distribution of games through mass-market retailers, consumer electronics stores, discount warehouses, game specialty stores and
other online retail stores. We expect to continue to derive significant revenues from sales of our physical gaming products to a
very limited number of distribution partners. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we sold substantially all of our physical disk
products for the retail channel through a single distribution partner, which represented approximately 9 and 28 of our total
revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This concentration of sales to a single distribution partner could lead to a disruption to our business if this partner
significantly reduces its purchases or ceases to offer our products. We also could be more vulnerable to collection risk if this
partner experiences a deterioration of its business or declares bankruptcy. Having a significant portion of our retail sales
concentrated through a single distribution partner could also reduce our negotiating leverage. Accordingly, if we are unable to
negotiate favorable terms with our existing or future distribution partners, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 

Our
current and future digital entertainment and community platforms are dependent on our ability to provide interesting and useful high-quality
content and experiences. 

The
quality of the content on our current and future digital entertainment and community platforms, including Traxion, is critical to the
success of such platforms. In order to attract and retain users, we must offer interesting and high-quality content and user experiences.
Further, we must remain sensitive and responsive to evolving user preferences and offer content and experiences that appeal to our users.
If we are unable to generate quality content and user experiences satisfactory to our users, we may suffer from reduced user traffic,
which could negatively impact our business. 

Our
business is partly dependent on our ability to enter into successful software development arrangements with third parties. 

We
currently rely on third-party software developers for the partial development of all of our titles, and in the future, we expect to continue
to rely on third-party software developers for the partial development of some of our titles. Accordingly, our success depends in part
on our ability to enter into successful software development arrangements with such third-party developers. Generally, quality third-party
developers are continually in high demand. Software developers who have helped develop titles for us in the past may not be available
to develop software for us in the future for various reasons, including their engagement on other projects. Due to the limited number
of quality third-party software developers and the limited control that we exercise over them, these developers may not be able to complete
titles for us on a timely basis, within acceptable quality standards, or at all. Additionally, we have entered into agreements with certain
third parties to use licensed intellectual property in our titles. These agreements typically require us to make development payments,
pay license fees and satisfy other conditions. Our development payments may not be sufficient to permit developers to develop new software
successfully, which could result in material delays and significantly increase our costs in bringing particular products to market. Future
sales of our titles may not be sufficient to recover development payments and advances to software developers and licensors, and we may
not have adequate financial and other resources to satisfy our contractual commitments to such developers. If we fail to satisfy our
obligations under agreements with third-party developers and licensors, the agreements may be terminated or modified in ways that are
burdensome to us, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

27 

Our
business depends in part on the success and availability of platforms and mass media channels developed by third parties and our ability
to develop commercially successful content, products, and services for those platforms. 

The
success of our business is driven in part by the commercial success and adequate supply of third-party platforms for which we develop
our products and services or through which our products and services are distributed or marketed, including our league tournaments and
competitions, such as through Twitch. Our success also depends on our ability to accurately predict which channels, platforms and distribution
methods will be successful in the marketplace, our ability to develop commercially successful content, products and services for these
platforms, our ability to simultaneously manage products and services on multiple platforms, our ability to effectively transition our
products and services to new platforms, and our ability to effectively manage the transition of our gamers from one generation or demographic
to the next. We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of the commercial availability
of new platforms and channels, and we may incur significant expense to adjust our product portfolio and development efforts in response
to changing consumer preferences. Additionally, we may enter into certain exclusive licensing arrangements that affect our ability to
deliver or market products or services on certain channels and platforms. A platform for which we are developing products and services
may not succeed as expected or new platforms may take market share and interactive entertainment consumers away from platforms for which
we have devoted significant resources. If consumer demand for the channels or platforms for which we are developing products and services
is lower than our expectations, we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in developing our products and services,
and our financial performance will be harmed. Alternatively, a channel or platform for which we have not devoted significant resources
could be more successful than we initially anticipated, causing us to not be able to take advantage of meaningful revenue opportunities. 

Third-party
platform providers may be able to influence our products and costs. 

We
plan to derive significant revenues from the distribution of certain of our future products on third-party mobile and web platforms,
such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook. These platforms may also serve as significant online distribution platforms
for, and/or provide other services critical for the operation of, a number of our games. If these platforms modify their current or future
discovery mechanisms, communication channels available to developers, operating systems, terms of service or other policies (including
fees), or they develop their own competitive offerings, our business could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if these platform providers
are required to change how they label free-to-play games or take payment for in-app purchases or change how the personal information
of consumers is made available to developers, our business could be negatively impacted. 

Moreover,
when we develop interactive entertainment software products for hardware platforms offered by companies such as Sony, Microsoft, or Nintendo,
the physical products are replicated exclusively by that hardware manufacturer or their approved replicator. The agreements with these
manufacturers typically include certain provisions, such as approval rights over all software products and related promotional materials
and the ability to change the fee they charge for the manufacturing of products, which allow the hardware manufacturers substantial influence
over the cost and the release schedule of such interactive entertainment software products. In addition, because each of the manufacturers
is also a publisher of games for its own hardware platforms and may manufacture products for other licensees, a manufacturer may give
priority to its own products or those of our competitors. Accordingly, console manufacturers like Sony, Microsoft, or Nintendo could
cause unanticipated delays in the release of our products, as well as increases to projected development, manufacturing, marketing or
distribution costs, any of which could negatively impact our business. 

The
platform providers also control the networks over which consumers purchase digital products and services for their platforms and through
which we provide online game capabilities for our products. The control that the platform providers have over the fee structures and/or
retail pricing for products and services for their platforms and online networks could impact the volume of purchases of our products
made over their networks and our profitability. With respect to certain downloadable content and microtransactions, the networks provided
by these platform providers are the exclusive means of selling and distributing this content. Further, increased competition for limited
premium digital shelf space has placed the platform providers in an increasingly better position to negotiate favorable
terms of sale. If the platform provider establishes terms that restrict our offerings on its platform, significantly changes the financial
terms on which these products or services are offered, or does not approve the inclusion of online capabilities in our console products,
our business could be negatively impacted. 

28 

If
we do not adequately address the shift to mobile device technology by our customers, operating results could be harmed and our financial
performance, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and/or growth plans could be negatively affected. 

Consumers
are increasingly using their mobile devices for entertainment, including for playing mobile games. As a result, our future success depends
in part on our ability to develop and publish mobile games that consumers will download and spend time and money playing. We must continue
to invest resources in research and development, technology, analytics and marketing to introduce new mobile games and continue to update
existing mobile games. The of success of our mobile games may be affected by unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control, including
consumer preferences and the number of applications they are willing to download and maintain on their devices, competing gaming and
non-gaming related applications and new mobile platforms. Even if our mobile games are widely downloaded, we may fail to retain users
or optimize the monetization of these games. This may occur for a variety of reasons, including poor game design or quality, lack of
social and community features, gameplay issues such as game unavailability, long load times or an unexpected termination of the game
due to data server or other technical issues, lack of differentiation from predecessor games or other competitive games, lack of innovative
features, differences in user demographics and purchasing power, or our failure to effectively respond and adapt to changing user preferences
through game updates. 

The
increasing importance of free-to-play games to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including the dependence
on a relatively small number of consumers for a significant portion of revenues and profits from any given game. 

Currently,
only our NASCAR Heat Mobile title is a free-to-play game, but the success of our business is partially dependent on our ability to develop,
enhance and monetize additional free-to-play games. As such, we are increasingly exposed to the risks of the free-to-play business model.
For example, we may invest in the development of new free-to- play interactive entertainment products that do not achieve significant
commercial success, in which case our revenues from those products likely will be lower than anticipated and we may not recover our development
costs. Further, if: (1) we are unable to continue to offer free-to-play games that encourage consumers to purchase our virtual currency
and subsequently use it to buy our virtual items; (2) we fail to offer monetization features that appeal to these consumers; (3) these
consumers do not continue to play our free-to-play games or purchase virtual items at the same rate; (4) our platform providers make
it more difficult or expensive for players to purchase our virtual currency; or (5) we cannot encourage significant additional consumers
to purchase virtual items in our free-to-play games, our business may be negatively impacted. 

Furthermore,
as there are relatively low barriers to entry to developing mobile or online free-to-play or other casual games, we expect new competitors
to enter the market and existing competitors to allocate more resources to developing and marketing competing games and applications.
We compete, or may compete, with a vast number of small companies and individuals who are able to create and launch casual games and
other content using relatively limited resources and with relatively limited start-up time or expertise. Competition for the attention
of consumers on mobile devices is intense, as the number of applications on mobile devices has been increasing dramatically, which, in
turn, has required increased marketing to garner consumer awareness and attention. This increased competition could negatively impact
our business. In addition, a continuing industry shift to free-to-play games could result in a reprioritization of our other products
by traditional retailers and distributors. 

29 

We
are subject to risks associated with operating in a rapidly developing industry and a relatively new market. 

Many
elements of our business are unique, evolving and relatively unproven. In particular, our esports business and prospects depend on the
continuing development of live streaming of competitive esports gaming. The market for esports and amateur online gaming competitions
is relatively new and rapidly developing and is subject to significant challenges. Our business relies upon our ability to cultivate
and grow an active gamer community, and our ability to successfully monetize such community, including, for example, through tournament
fees, subscriptions for our esports gaming services, and advertising and sponsorship opportunities. In addition, our continued growth
depends, in part, on our ability to respond to constant changes in the esports gaming industry, including rapid technological evolution,
continued shifts in gamer trends and demands, frequent introductions of new games and titles and the constant emergence of new industry
standards and practices. Developing and integrating new games, titles, content, products, services or infrastructure could be expensive
and time-consuming, and these efforts may not yield the benefits we expect to achieve. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in any
of these aspects or that the esports gaming industry will continue to grow as rapidly as it has in the past. 

We
plan to continue to generate a portion of our revenues from advertising and sponsorship during our esports events. If we fail to attract
more advertisers and sponsors to our gaming platform, tournaments or competitions, our revenues may be adversely affected. 

We
plan to continue to generate a portion of our revenues from advertising and sponsorship during our esports events as online viewership
of our esports gaming offerings expand. Our revenues from advertising and sponsorship partly depend on the continual development of the
online advertising industry and advertisers willingness to allocate budgets to online advertising in the esports gaming industry.
In addition, companies that decide to advertise or promote online may utilize more established methods or channels, such as more established
internet portals or search engines, over advertising on our gaming platform. If the online advertising and sponsorship market does not
continue to grow, or if we are unable to capture and retain a sufficient share of that market, our ability to increase our current level
of advertising and sponsorship revenue and our profitability and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
are reliant on the retention of certain key personnel and the hiring of strategically valuable personnel, and we may lose or be unable
to hire one or more of such personnel. 

Our
success depends in part on the continued service of our senior management team, key technical employees and other highly skilled personnel
and on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, retain and integrate highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization.
Certain employees, such as game designers, product managers and engineers, are in high demand, and we devote significant resources to
identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating and retaining these employees. We have historically hired a number of key personnel
through acquisitions, and as competition with several other game companies increases, we may incur significant expenses in continuing
this practice. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary personnel, particularly in critical areas of our business, we may
not achieve our strategic goals. 

Competition
in the interactive entertainment industry is intense, and our existing and potential users may be attracted to competing products or
other forms of entertainment. 

We
compete with other publishers of interactive entertainment software, both within and outside the United States. Generally, some of our
competitors include very large corporations with significantly greater financial, marketing and product development resources than we
have. Our larger competitors may be able to leverage their greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources to provide larger
budgets for development and marketing and make higher offers to licensors and developers for commercially desirable properties, as well
as adopt more aggressive pricing policies to develop more commercially successful video game products than we do. In addition, competitors
with large portfolios and popular games typically have greater influence with platform providers, retailers, distributors and other customers
who may, in turn, provide more favorable support to those competitors games. 

30 

Further,
the esports gaming industry generally is highly competitive. For our esports business, our competitors range from established leagues
and championships owned directly, as well as leagues franchised by, well-known and capitalized game publishers and developers, interactive
entertainment companies and diversified media companies to emerging start-ups, and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout
the amateur esports gaming ecosystem. If our competitors develop and launch competing amateur city leagues, tournaments or competitions,
or develop a more successful amateur online gaming platform for games similar to ours, then our revenue, margins, and profitability will
decline. 

Additionally,
we compete with other forms of entertainment and leisure activities. As our business continues to expand in complexity and scope, we
have increased exposure to additional competitors, including those with access to large existing user bases and control over distribution
channels. Further, it is difficult to predict and prepare for rapid changes in consumer demand that could materially alter public preferences
for different forms of entertainment and leisure activities. Failure to adequately identify and adapt to these competitive pressures
could negatively impact our business. 

Our
revenue may be harmed by the proliferation of cheating programs and scam offers that seek to exploit our games and players,
which may negatively affect players game-playing experiences and our ability to reliably validate our audience metric reporting
and may lead players to stop playing our games. 

Unrelated
third parties have developed, and may continue to develop, cheating programs that enable players to exploit vulnerabilities
in our games, play them in an automated way, collude to alter the intended game play or obtain unfair advantages over other players who
do play fairly. These programs harm the experience of players who play fairly and may reduce the demand for virtual items, disrupting
our in-game economy. If we are unable to discover and disable these programs quickly, our operations may be disrupted, our reputation
may be damaged, players may stop playing our games and our ability to reliably validate our audience metrics may be negatively affected.
These cheating programs and scam offers may result in lost revenue from paying players, disrupt our in-game economies,
divert our personnel s time, increase costs of developing technological measures to combat these programs and activities, increase
our customer service costs needed to respond to dissatisfied players, and lead to legal claims. 

Some
of our players may make sales or purchases of virtual items used in our games through unauthorized or fraudulent third-party websites,
which may reduce our revenue. 

Virtual
items in our games have no monetary value outside of our games. Nonetheless, some of our players may make sales and/or purchases of our
virtual items through unauthorized third-party sellers in exchange for real currency. These unauthorized or fraudulent transactions are
usually arranged on third-party websites. The virtual items offered may have been obtained through unauthorized means such as exploiting
vulnerabilities in our games, scamming our players with fake offers for virtual items or other game benefits, or credit card fraud. We
do not generate any revenue from these transactions. These unauthorized purchases and sales from third-party sellers could impede our
revenue and profit growth by, among other things: 

decreasing
 revenue from authorized transactions; 

creating
 downward pressure on the prices we charge players for our virtual currency and virtual items; 

increasing
 chargebacks from unauthorized credit card transactions; 

causing
 us to lose revenue from dissatisfied players who stop playing a particular game; 

increasing
 costs we incur to develop technological measures to curtail unauthorized transactions; 

resulting
 in negative publicity or harming our reputation with players and partners; and 

increasing
 customer support costs to respond to dissatisfied players. 

There
can be no assurance that our efforts to prevent or minimize these unauthorized or fraudulent transactions will be successful. 

The
success of our business relies heavily on our marketing and branding efforts, and these efforts may not be accepted by consumers to the
extent we planned. 

Because
we are a consumer brand, we rely heavily on marketing and advertising to increase brand visibility with potential customers. We currently
advertise through a blend of direct and indirect advertising channels, including through activities on Facebook, Twitter, Twitch, YouTube
and other online social networks, online advertising, public relations activity, print and broadcast advertising, coordinated in-store
and industry promotions (including merchandising and point of purchase displays), participation in cooperative advertising programs,
direct response vehicles, and product sampling through demonstration software distributed through the Internet or the digital online
services provided by our partners. If we are unable to recover our marketing costs, or if our broad marketing campaigns are not successful
or are terminated, it could have a material adverse effect on our growth, results of operations and financial condition. 

31 

Our
games are subject to scrutiny regarding the appropriateness of their content. If we fail to receive our target ratings for certain titles,
or if our retailers refuse to sell such titles due to what they perceive to be objectionable content, it could have a negative impact
on our business. 

Certain
of our gaming products are subject to ratings by the Entertainment Software Rating Board (the ESRB ), a self-regulatory
body based in the United States that provides U.S. and Canadian consumers of interactive entertainment software with ratings information,
including information on the content in such software, such as violence, nudity, or sexual content, along with an assessment of the suitability
of the content for certain age groups. Certain other countries have also established content rating systems as prerequisites for product
sales in those countries. In addition, certain stores use other ratings systems, such as Apple s use of its proprietary App
Rating System and Google Play s use of the International Age Rating Coalition (IARC) rating system. If we are unable to
obtain the ratings we have targeted for our products, it could have a negative impact on our business. In some instances, we may be required
to modify our products to meet the requirements of the rating systems, which could delay or disrupt the release of any given product,
or may prevent its sale altogether in certain territories. Further, if one of our games is re-rated for any reason, a ratings
organization could require corrective actions, which could include a recall, retailers could refuse to sell it and demand that we accept
the return of any unsold or returned copies or consumers could demand a refund for copies previously purchased. 

Additionally,
although lawsuits seeking damages for injuries allegedly suffered by third parties as a result of video games have generally been unsuccessful
in the courts, claims of this kind may be asserted and be successful in the future. 

Government
regulations applicable to us may negatively impact our business. 

We
are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet. In addition,
laws and regulations relating to user privacy, electronic contracts and communications, mobile communications, data collection, retention,
consumer protection, and publishing activities, including production and delivery of content, advertising, localization, and information
security have been adopted or are being considered for adoption by many jurisdictions and countries throughout the world. These laws,
including the General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act, which have restricted our ability to gather
and use data about our users, could harm our business by limiting the products and services we can offer consumers or the manner in which
we offer them. Data privacy, data protection, localization, security and consumer-protection laws are evolving, and the interpretation
and application of these laws in the United States (including compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act), Europe (including
compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation), and elsewhere often are uncertain, contradictory and changing. It is possible
that these laws may be interpreted or applied in a manner that is averse to us or otherwise inconsistent with our practices, which could
result in litigation, regulatory investigations and potential legal liability or require us to change our practices in a manner adverse
to our business. As a result, our reputation and brand may be harmed, we could incur substantial costs, and we could lose both gamers
and revenue. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation.
Any failure on our part to comply with these laws or the application of these laws in an unanticipated manner may harm our business and
result in penalties or significant legal liability. 

Certain
of our business models could be subject to new laws or regulations or evolving interpretations of existing laws and regulations. For
example, the growth and development of electronic commerce, virtual items and virtual currency has prompted calls for laws and regulations
that could limit or restrict the sale of our products and services or otherwise impact our products and services. In addition, we include
modes in our games that allow players to compete against each other and manage player competitions that are based on our products and
services. New laws related to these business models, or changes in the interpretation of current laws that impact these business models,
could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, lessen the engagement with, and growth of, profitable business models, and expose
us to increased compliance costs, significant liability, penalties and harm to our reputation and brand. 

We
are subject to laws in certain foreign countries, and adhere to industry standards in the United States, that mandate rating requirements
or set other restrictions on the advertisement or distribution of interactive entertainment software based on content. In addition, certain
foreign countries allow government censorship of interactive entertainment software products. Adoption of ratings systems, censorship
or restrictions on distribution of interactive entertainment software based on content could harm our business by limiting the products
we are able to offer to our customers. In addition, compliance with new and possibly inconsistent regulations for different territories
could be costly, delay or prevent the release of our products in those territories. 

We
are exposed to seasonality in the sale of our retail products. 

Historically,
we have seen a high degree of seasonality in our business and financial results due to the introduction of seasonal video game updates.
For example, we have typically experienced higher levels of consumer demand occurring during and around the launch of the seasonal annual
update of a racing series product, the overall start of the racing season, and the calendar year-end holiday buying season. Receivables
and credit risk are likewise higher during these periods, as retailers increase their purchases of our products in anticipation of increased
demand. Delays in development, approvals or manufacturing could affect the timing of the release of products, causing us to miss key
selling periods, which could negatively impact our business. 

32 

Our
retail products, online gaming platform and games offered through our gaming platform may contain defects. 

Our
retail products, online gaming platform and the games offered through our gaming platform are extremely complex and are difficult to
develop and distribute. We have quality controls in place to detect defects in our retail products and gaming platform before they are
released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding, and resource or technical constraints. Further,
we have not undertaken independent third-party testing, verification or analysis of our gaming platform and associated systems and controls.
Therefore, our products, gaming platform and quality controls and the preventative measures we have implemented have not, and in the
future may not, be effective in detecting all defects in our products and gaming platform. In the event a significant defect in our retail
products, gaming platform and associated systems and controls is realized, we could be required to offer refunds, suspend the availability
of our esports events and other gameplay, or expend significant resources to cure the defect, each of which could significantly harm
our business and operating results. 

We
may be held liable for information or content displayed on, retrieved from or linked to our gaming platform, or distributed to our users. 

Our
interactive live streaming platform enables gamers to exchange information and engage in various other online activities. Although we
require our gamers to register under their real names, we do not require user identifications used and displayed during gameplay to contain
any real-name information, and hence we are unable to verify the sources of all the information posted by our gamers. In addition, because
a majority of the communications on our online and in- person gaming platform is conducted in real time, we are unable to examine the
content generated by gamers before it is posted or streamed. Therefore, it is possible that gamers may engage in illegal, obscene or
incendiary conversations or activities, including publishing of inappropriate or illegal content. If any content on our platform is deemed
illegal, obscene or incendiary, or if appropriate licenses and third-party consents have not been obtained, claims may be brought against
us for defamation, libel, negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement, other unlawful activities or other theories and claims
based on the nature and content of the information delivered on or otherwise accessed through our platform. Moreover, the costs of compliance
may continue to increase when more content is made available on our platform as a result of our growing base of gamers, which may adversely
affect our results of operations. 

Additionally,
we currently generate, and intend to generate in the future, revenue through offering advertising within certain of our franchises. The
content of in-game advertisements is generally created and delivered by third-party advertisers without our pre-approval, and, as such,
objectionable content may be published in our games by these advertisers. This objectionable third party-created content may expose us
to regulatory action or claims related to content, or otherwise negatively impact our business. 

We
may experience security breaches and cyber threats. 

We
continually face cyber risks and threats that seek to damage, disrupt or gain access to our networks and our gaming platform, supporting
infrastructure, intellectual property and other assets. In addition, we rely on technological infrastructure, including third-party cloud
hosting and broadband, provided by third-party business partners to support the in-person and online functionality of our gaming platform.
These business partners are also subject to cyber risks and threats. Such cyber risks and threats may be difficult to detect, and the
techniques that may be used to obtain unauthorized access or disable, degrade, exploit or sabotage our networks and gaming platform change
frequently and often are not detected. Our systems and processes to guard against cyber risks and to help protect our data and systems,
and the systems and processes of our third-party business partners, may not be adequate. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security
breaches or cyber risks, or respond adequately to a security breach or cyber risk, could result in interruptions to our gaming platform,
degrade the gamer experience, cause gamers to lose confidence in our gaming platform and cease utilizing it, as well as significant legal
and financial exposure. This could harm our business and reputation, disrupt our relationships with partners and diminish our competitive
position. 

33 

Our
business could be adversely affected if our data privacy and security practices are inadequate, or are perceived as being inadequate,
to prevent data breaches, or under the applicable data privacy and security laws generally. 

In
the course of our business, we may collect, process, store and use gamer and other information, including personally identifiable information,
passwords and credit card information. Our security controls, policies and practices may not be able to prevent the improper or unauthorized
access, acquisition or disclosure of such information. The unauthorized access, acquisition or disclosure of this information, or a perception
that we do not adequately secure this information, could result in legal liability, costly remedial measures, governmental and regulatory
investigations, harm our profitability and reputation and cause our financial results to be materially affected. In addition, third-party
vendors and business partners receive access to information that we collect. These vendors and business partners may not prevent data
security breaches with respect to the information we provide them or fully enforce our policies, contractual obligations and disclosures
regarding the collection, use, storage, transfer and retention of personal data. A data security breach of one of our vendors or business
partners could cause reputational harm to them and/or negatively impact our credibility to our gamer community. 

We
depend on servers and Internet bandwidth to operate our games and digital services with online features. If we were to lose server capacity
or lack sufficient Internet bandwidth for any reason, our business could suffer. 

We
rely on data servers, including those owned or controlled by third parties, to enable our customers to download our games and other downloadable
content, to access our online gaming platform, and to operate other products with online functionality. Events such as limited hardware
failure, any broad-based catastrophic server malfunction, a significant intrusion by hackers that circumvents security measures, or a
failure of disaster recovery services would likely interrupt the functionality of our games with online services and could result in
a loss of sales for games and related services. An extended interruption of service could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results. See Risks Related to Our Business and Industry A significant disruption in service
on our website or platforms could damage our reputation and result in a loss of traffic and visitors, which could harm our business,
brand, operating results and financial condition for additional information. 

If
we underestimate the amount of server capacity our business requires or if our business were to grow more quickly than expected, our
consumers may experience service problems, such as slow or interrupted gaming access. Insufficient server capacity may result in decreased
sales, a loss of our consumer base and adverse consequences to our reputation. Conversely, if we overestimate the amount of server capacity
required by our business, we may incur additional operating costs. 

Because
of the importance of our online business to our revenues and results of operations, our ability to access adequate Internet bandwidth
and online computational resources to support our business is critical. If the price of either such resource increases, we may not be
able to increase our prices or subscriber levels to compensate for such costs, which could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

A
significant disruption in service on our website or platforms could damage our reputation and result in a loss of traffic and visitors,
which could harm our business, brand, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
brands, reputation, and ability to attract gamers or visitors depend on the reliable performance of our games, website and the supporting
systems, technology and infrastructure. We may experience significant interruptions with our systems in the future. Interruptions in
these systems, whether due to system failures, programming or configuration errors, computer viruses, or physical or electronic break-ins,
could affect the availability of our inventory on our website and prevent or inhibit the ability of customers to access our website.
Problems with the reliability or security of our systems could harm our reputation, result in a loss of customers and result in additional
costs. 

Substantially
all of the communications, network and computer hardware used to operate our websites are located at co-location facilities. Although
we have multiple locations, our systems are not fully redundant. In addition, we do not own or control the operation of these facilities.
Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist
attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, computer viruses, earthquakes, and similar events. The occurrence of any of
these events could damage our systems and hardware or could cause them to fail. 

34 

Problems
faced by our third-party web hosting providers could adversely affect the experience of our customers. For example, our third-party web
hosting providers could close their facilities without adequate notice. Any financial difficulties, up to and including bankruptcy, faced
by our third-party web hosting providers or any of the service providers with whom they contract may have negative effects on our business,
the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. If our third-party web hosting providers are unable to keep up with our growing
capacity needs, our business could be harmed. 

Our
business partners may be unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk. 

We
rely on various business partners, including third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development partners, and licensees
in many areas of our business. Their actions may put our business and our reputation and brand at risk. For example, we may have disputes
with our business partners that may impact our business and/or financial results. In many cases, our business partners may be given access
to sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support to our teams, and they may misappropriate our information
and engage in unauthorized use of it. In addition, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies,
or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to
our business operations. Further, disruptions in the financial markets, economic downturns, poor business decisions, insolvency, or reputational
harm may adversely affect our business partners, and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us or we may cease
our arrangements with them. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or we
may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more significant business
partners, including due to their insolvency or business failure, our business could be harmed and our financial results could be materially
affected. 

Our
efforts to expand into new products and services may subject us to additional risks. 

We
are exploring ways to capitalize on new trends to diversify our product mix, reduce our operating risks, and increase our revenue. There
are risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. There
is no assurance that we will be able to attract a sufficiently large number of customers or recover costs incurred in developing and
marketing any of these new products or services. For example, we may offer games that do not attract sufficient purchases of virtual
currency, which may cause our investments to fail to realize the expected benefits. External factors, such as competitive alternatives
and shifting market preferences, may also have an impact on the successful implementation of any new products or services. Failure to
successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new products or services could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Failure
to adequately protect our intellectual property, technology and confidential information could harm our business and operating results. 

Our
business depends on our intellectual property, technology and confidential information, the protection of which is crucial to the success
of our business. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright law and contractual restrictions to protect
our intellectual property, technology and confidential information. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology
and confidential information by requiring certain of our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality and assignment of inventions
agreements and certain third parties to enter into nondisclosure agreements. These agreements may not effectively grant all necessary
rights to any inventions that may have been developed by the employees and consultants. In addition, these agreements may not effectively
prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology and may not provide an adequate
remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property, or technology. Despite
our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our website features, software and
functionality or obtain and use information that we consider to be proprietary. Changes in the law or adverse court rulings may also
negatively affect our ability to prevent others from using our technology. 

We
currently lease or hold rights to certain domain names associated with our business. The regulation of domain names in the United States
is subject to change. Regulatory bodies could establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional domain name registrars, or modify
the requirements for holding domain names. As a result, we may not be able to acquire or maintain all domain names that are otherwise
important for our business. 

35 

The
costs involved in enforcement of our intellectual property rights could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
pursue the registration of our copyrights, trademarks, service marks, domain names, and patents in the U.S. and in certain locations
outside the U.S. This process can be expensive and time-consuming, may not always be successful depending on local laws or other circumstances,
and we also may choose not to pursue registrations in every location depending on the nature of the project to which the intellectual
property rights pertain. We may, over time, increase our investments in protecting our creative works. Enforcement of our intellectual
property rights to certain trademarks and service marks, such as NASCAR, the BTCC, INDYCAR and/or Le Mans, will require reliance on enforcement
efforts of third parties. 

Litigation
may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary
rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity,
and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. If we fail to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and results
of operations may be harmed. 

We
may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. 

From
time to time, third parties may claim that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. For example, patent holding companies
may assert patent claims against us in which they seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. Although we take
steps to avoid knowingly violating the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim infringement. 

Existing
or future infringement claims against us, whether valid or not, may be expensive to defend and divert the attention of our employees
from business operations. Such claims or litigation could require us to pay damages, royalties, legal fees and other costs. We also could
be required to stop offering, distributing or supporting our products, our gaming platform or other features or services, including esports
events, which incorporate the affected intellectual property rights, redesign products, features or services to avoid infringement, or
obtain a license, all of which could be costly and harm our business. 

In
addition, many patents have been issued that may apply to potential new modes of delivering, playing or monetizing interactive entertainment
software products and services, such as those offered on our gaming platform or that we would like to offer in the future. We may discover
that future opportunities to provide new and innovative modes of game play and game delivery to gamers may be precluded by existing patents
that we are unable to license on reasonable terms, or at all. 

Our
technology, content, and brands are subject to the threat of piracy, unauthorized copying and other forms of intellectual property infringement. 

We
regard our technology, content, and brands as proprietary. Piracy and other forms of unauthorized copying and use of our technology,
content, and brands are persistent, and policing is difficult. Further, the laws of some countries in which our products are or may be
distributed either do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States or are poorly
enforced. Legal protection of our rights may be ineffective in such countries. In addition, although we take steps to enforce and police
our rights, factors such as the proliferation of technology designed to circumvent the protection measures used by our business partners
or by us, the availability of broadband access to the Internet, the refusal of Internet service providers or platform holders to remove
infringing content in certain instances, and the proliferation of online channels through which infringing product is distributed all
may contribute to an expansion in unauthorized copying of our technology, content, and brands. 

36 

We
use open source software in connection with certain of our games and services, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software,
products, and services in a manner that could have a negative impact on our business. 

We
use open source software in our platform and expect to use open source software in the future. The term of various open source licenses
has not been interpreted by United States courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes
unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our software and services. By the terms of certain open source licenses,
we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, and to make our proprietary software available under open
source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. In the event that portions of
our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected
portions of our source code, or to re-engineer all or a portion of our technologies or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our technologies,
each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technologies and services. In addition to risks related to license requirements,
usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally
do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with usage of open source software
cannot be eliminated and could negatively affect our business and operating results. 

We
rely on third-party technology to complete critical business functions. If that technology becomes unavailable or fails to adequately
serve our needs and we cannot find alternatives, it may negatively impact our operating results. 

We
rely on third-party technology for certain of our critical business functions, including game engines such as Unreal and Unity ,
among others, as well as our back-office tools and technologies, such as enterprise resource planning, finance, development and analytics
tracking systems. If these technologies fail, or otherwise become unavailable, or we cannot maintain our relationships with the technology
providers and we cannot find suitable alternatives, our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 

Our
international operations are subject to increased challenges and risks. 

Attracting
players in international markets is a critical element of our business strategy. An important part of targeting international markets
is developing offerings that are localized and customized for the players in those markets. Additionally, we currently have operations
in the United Kingdom, Republic of Georgia, Australia, and the Netherlands and may seek to further expand our international operations.
Our ability to expand our business and to attract talented employees and players in an increasing number of international markets will
require considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business
in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems and commercial
infrastructures. The success and profitability, as well as the expansion, of our international operations are subject to numerous risks
and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control, such as: 

the
 inability to offer certain games in certain foreign countries; 

recruiting
 and retaining talented and capable management and employees in foreign countries; 

challenges
 caused by distance, language and cultural differences; 

developing
 and customizing games and other offerings that appeal to the tastes and preferences of players in international markets; 

competition
 from local game makers with intellectual property rights and significant market share in those markets and with a better understanding
 of local player preferences; 

utilizing,
 protecting, defending and enforcing our intellectual property rights; 

negotiating
 agreements with local distribution platforms that are sufficiently economically beneficial to us and protective of our rights; 

the
 inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content or technology into new jurisdictions; 

37 

implementing
 alternative payment methods for virtual items in a manner that complies with local laws and practices and protects us from fraud; 

compliance
 with applicable foreign laws and regulations, including privacy laws and laws relating to content and consumer protection, including,
 but not limited to, the United States Federal Trade Commission Act, various state consumer protection and video game control laws,
 and the United Kingdom s Office of Fair Trading s 2014 principles relating to in-app purchases in free-to-play games
 that are directed toward children 16 and under; 

compliance
 with anti-bribery laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in the United States and the Bribery Act 2010 in the United Kingdom; 

credit
 risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 

currency
 exchange rate fluctuations; 

protectionist
 laws and business practices that favor local businesses in some countries; 

potentially
 adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws of the U.S. or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; 

political,
 economic and social instability, including acts of war, such as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine (as discussed further
 below); 

public
 health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can result in varying impacts to our employees, players, vendors and commercial
 partners internationally; 

work
 stoppages or other changes in labor conditions; 

higher
 costs associated with doing business internationally; and 

trade
 and tariff restrictions. 

In
February 2022, Russian forces launched significant military actions against Ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the
region remains ongoing. We have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the current situation in Ukraine, as the conflict and
governmental reactions are rapidly developing and beyond our control. Potential impacts related to the conflict include further
market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, supply chain and logistics
disruptions, adverse global economic conditions resulting from escalating geopolitical tensions, volatility and fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, inflationary pressures on raw materials and heightened cybersecurity threats.
Additionally, in September 2022, we transitioned from using development staff in Russia to using development staff in other
countries, including the Republic of Georgia, for game development. Any technical, operational
or other difficulties related to the transition away from using Russian development staff could result in, among other things,
increased costs, disruptions to our operations and delays in the release of our game titles. The termination of the employment
arrangements with our Russian development staff could also cause us to incur certain liabilities and severance obligations under
local labor regulations, which may include payment of up to three months salary for each staff member terminated. Any
of the foregoing could adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations in various
manners. 

We
have currency exposure arising from both sales and purchases denominated in foreign currencies, including intercompany transactions outside
the United States. In addition, some currencies may be subject to limitations on conversion into other currencies, which can limit the
ability to otherwise react to rapid foreign currency devaluations. We cannot predict with precision the effect of future exchange-rate
fluctuations, and significant rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

If
we are unable to manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business, financial condition and operating results
could be adversely affected. Additionally, our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular market is uncertain,
and the distraction of our senior management team could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

38 

The
exit by the United Kingdom from the European Union could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
United Kingdom left the European Union on January 31, 2020 (commonly referred to as Brexit and entered into a transition
period in which the United Kingdom and the European Union were negotiating their future relationship, including the terms of trade between
the United Kingdom and the European Union. On December 24, 2020, an agreement was reached between the United Kingdom and the European
Union in relation to their future relationship in certain areas, which included a new trade and cooperation agreement relating principally
to the free trade in goods (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement ). While the Trade and Cooperation Agreement provides some
clarity with respect to the free trade in goods between the United Kingdom and the European Union, there remain uncertainties related
to the stability and effects of the new relationship. 

The
announcement of Brexit caused (and the post-transition period relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union is expected
to cause in the future) significant volatility in global stock markets and significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates,
which will affect our financial results as we report in U.S. dollars. The announcement of Brexit also created (and the post-transition
period relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union may create in the future) global economic uncertainty, which may
cause our customers to reduce the amount of money they spend on our games and products. The post-transition period relationship between
the United Kingdom and the European Union could cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding our business, including affecting
our United Kingdom operations and relationships with existing and future customers and players, suppliers, business partners and employees.
Any of these effects of Brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could harm our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 

Catastrophic
events may disrupt our business. 

Natural
disasters, cyber-incidents, weather events, wildfires, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, public health outbreaks, such
as the COVID-19 pandemic, failed upgrades of existing systems or migrations to new systems, acts of terrorism, acts of war, including
the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, geopolitical and social turmoil or other events could cause outages, disruptions and/or degradations
of our infrastructure, including our or our partners information technology and network systems, a failure in our ability to conduct
normal business operations, or the closure of public spaces in which players engage with our games and services. The health and safety
of our employees, suppliers, business partners and others could also be affected, which may prevent us from executing our business strategies
or cause a decrease in consumer demand for our products and services. System redundancy may be ineffective and our disaster recovery
and business continuity planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Such failures, disruptions, closures, or an inability to
conduct normal business operations could also prevent access to our products, services or online platforms selling our products and services,
cause delays or interruptions in our product or live services offerings, allow breaches of data security or result in the loss of critical
data. For example, several of our key locations have experienced temporary closures as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally,
throughout the initial outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, several retailers experienced, reduced operating hours and/or other restrictions
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which negatively impacted the sales of our products from such retailers. An event that results
in the disruption or degradation of any of our critical business functions or information technology systems and harms our ability to
conduct normal business operations or causes a decrease in consumer demand for our products and services could materially impact our
reputation and brand, financial condition and operating results. 

39 

Risks
Related to Our Relationship with Motorsport Network 

Motorsport
Network controls more than a majority of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock and therefore it has the ability to exert
significant control over the direction of our business, which could prevent other stockholders from influencing significant decisions
regarding our business plans and other matters. 

Motorsport
Network currently owns all of the shares of our Class B common stock and 1,480,384 shares of our Class A common stock, which together
represents approximately 87.44 of the combined voting power of both classes of our common stock as of March 24, 2023. Our Class B common
stock has ten times the voting power of our Class A common stock. As long as Motorsport Network continues to control a majority of the
voting power of our outstanding common stock, it will generally be able to determine the outcome of all corporate actions requiring stockholder
approval, including the election and removal of directors. Even if Motorsport Network were to control less than a majority of the voting
power of our outstanding common stock, it may be able to influence the outcome of such corporate actions so long as it owns a significant
portion of our common stock. In the event Motorsport Network or its affiliates relinquish beneficial ownership of any of the MSN Initial
Class A Shares at any time, one share of Class B common stock held by Motorsport Network will be cancelled for each such MSN Initial
Class A Share no longer beneficially owned by Motorsport Network or its affiliates. If, however, Motorsport Network does not dispose
of its MSN Initial Class A Shares, it could remain our controlling stockholder for an extended period of time or indefinitely. 

Motorsport
Network s interests may not be the same as, or may conflict with, the interests of our other stockholders. Moreover, Mike Zoi,
who is the manager of Motorsport Network and has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares of our common stock held
by Motorsport Network, may also have interests that are not the same as, or may conflict with, the interests of our other stockholders.
Holders of our Class A common stock will not be able to affect the outcome of any stockholder vote while Motorsport Network controls
the majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, Motorsport Network will be able to control, directly or
indirectly and subject to applicable law, all matters affecting us, including: 

any
 determination with respect to our business direction and policies, including the appointment and removal of officers and directors; 

any
 determinations with respect to mergers, business combinations or the disposition of assets; 

compensation
 and benefit programs and other human resources policy decisions; 

the
 payment of dividends on our common stock; and 

determinations
 with respect to tax matters. 

Because
Motorsport Network s interests may differ from ours or from those of our other stockholders, actions that Motorsport Network takes
with respect to us, as our controlling stockholder, may not be favorable to us or our other stockholders, including holders of our Class
A common stock. 

If
we are no longer controlled by or affiliated with Motorsport Network, we may be unable to continue to benefit from that relationship,
which may adversely affect our operations and have a material adverse effect on us and our financial performance, financial condition,
liquidity and/or cash flows. 

Motorsport
Network is a one of the leading global motorsport and automotive data-driven digital platforms that owns and operates a unique collection
of digital media motorsport and automotive brands. We rely, in part, on Motorsport Network to provide digital access to this audience
to market, communicate and engage with users regarding our product offerings and services. Pursuant to a promotion agreement we entered
into with Motorsport Network in August 2018, Motorsport Network provides us with exclusive promotion services consisting of the use of
its and its affiliates various media platforms to promote our business, organizations, products and services in the racing video
game market and related esports activities. The promotion agreement will remain in effect until such date that Motorsport Network no
longer holds at least 20 of the voting interest in Motorsport Games. If this occurs, we cannot assure you that we will continue to have
access to Motorsport Network s digital audience in the future. In the event that we no longer have access to Motorsport Network s
digital audience, our business, results of operations and financial conditions could be adversely affected. 

40 

If
Motorsport Network sells a controlling interest in our Company to a third party in a private transaction, you may not realize any change-of-control
premium on shares of our Class A common stock. Further, we may become subject to the control of a presently unknown third party in such
instance or in the event Motorsport Network pledges a controlling interest in our Company that is foreclosed upon. 

Motorsport
Network has the ability, should it choose to do so, to sell some or all of its shares of our Class A common stock in a privately negotiated
transaction, which, if sufficient in size, could result in a change of control of our Company. The ability of Motorsport Network to privately
sell its shares of our Class A common stock, with no requirement for a concurrent offer to be made to acquire all of the outstanding
shares of our Class A common stock, could prevent you from realizing any change-of-control premium on your shares of our Class A common
stock that may otherwise accrue to Motorsport Network on its private sale of our Class A common stock. Additionally, if Motorsport Network
either privately sells a controlling interest in our Company, or pledges such shares in the future and secured parties foreclose on the
shares, then we may become subject to the control of a presently unknown third party. Such third party may have conflicts of interest
with those of other stockholders. In addition, if Motorsport Network sells a controlling interest in our Company to a third party, any
outstanding indebtedness may be subject to acceleration and our commercial agreements and relationships could be impacted, all of which
may adversely affect our ability to run our business as described herein and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

We
are a controlled company within the meaning of the NASDAQ rules and, as a result, qualify for and may rely on exemptions
from certain corporate governance requirements of NASDAQ. Our stockholders will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders
of other companies that are subject to such requirements. 

Motorsport
Network currently controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company 
within the meaning of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held
by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance
requirements, including, but not limited to: 

the
 requirement that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors; 

the
 requirement that director nominees be selected, or recommended for our board of directors selection, either by a majority
 of the independent directors or a nominating and corporate governance committee composed solely of independent directors; and 

the
 requirement that our compensation committee be composed of at least two members, each of whom must be independent directors with
 a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

While
Motorsport Network controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, we may decide in the future to avail ourselves
of these controlled company exemptions in accordance with the NASDAQ Listing Rules. Accordingly, our stockholders will not have the same
protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of NASDAQ. Additionally,
our status as a controlled company and our reliance on NASDAQ s controlled company exemptions could make our Class A common stock
less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price. 

Motorsport
Network s competitive position in certain markets may constrain our ability to build and maintain certain partnerships or relationships
in the motorsport industry. 

We
do and may partner in the future with companies that compete with Motorsport Network in certain markets relating to the motorsport industry.
Motorsport Network s control over us may affect our ability to effectively build and maintain our relationships with these companies.
For example, these companies may favor our competitors over us due to our relationship with Motorsport Network and to avoid indirectly
supporting Motorsport Network. 

41 

Our
inability to resolve in a manner favorable to us any potential conflicts or disputes that arise between us and Motorsport Network or
its subsidiaries with respect to our past and ongoing relationships may adversely affect our business and prospects. 

Potential
conflicts or disputes may arise between Motorsport Network or its subsidiaries and us in a number of areas relating to our past or ongoing
relationships, including: 

tax,
 employee benefit, indemnification and other matters arising from our relationship with Motorsport Network or its subsidiaries; 

business
 combinations involving us; 

business
 opportunities that may be attractive to us and Motorsport Network or its subsidiaries; 

intellectual
 property or other proprietary rights; and 

joint
 sales and marketing activities with Motorsport Network or its subsidiaries. 

The
resolution of any potential conflicts or disputes between us and Motorsport Network or its subsidiaries over these or other matters may
be less favorable to us than the resolution we might achieve if we were dealing with an unaffiliated party. 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and we may not be able to effectively
grow our business or implement our business strategies. 

Motorsports
Games was formed and started operating in August 2018 in connection with the acquisition by Motorsport Games of a controlling interest
in 704Games. As such, Motorsports Games does not have a long history operating as a commercial company. Due to this and other factors,
our operating results are not predictable, and our historical results may not be indicative of our future results. We believe that our
ability to grow our business will depend on many risks and uncertainties, including our ability to: 

increase
 the number of players of our games; 

continue
 developing innovative technologies, tournaments and competitions in response to shifting demand in esports and online gaming; 

develop
 new sources of revenues; 

expand
 our brand awareness; or 

further
 improve the quality of our product offerings, features and complementary products and services, and introduce high-quality new products,
 services and features. 

There
can be no assurance that we will meet these objectives. Addressing these risks and uncertainties will require significant capital expenditures
and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. Our organizational structure is becoming more complex as we add staff,
and as a result, we will need to improve our operational, financial and management controls as well as our reporting systems and procedures.
We will require significant capital expenditures and the allocation of valuable management resources to grow and change in these areas
without undermining our corporate culture. If we cannot manage our growth effectively, our business could be harmed, and our results
of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

42 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses,
or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition
or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock. 

Prior
to our IPO, we were a private company and had limited accounting and financial reporting personnel and other resources with which to
address our internal controls and procedures. In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2022, we identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is
a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely
basis. 

The
material weaknesses we identified relate to (i) the documentation of significant accounting positions, estimates and conclusions that
were not contemporaneously formalized and reviewed independently of the preparer, (ii) the segregation of duties and (iii) the failure
to design and maintain effective monitoring procedures and controls to evaluate and monitor the effectiveness of our individual control
activities. We have taken steps toward remediating these material weaknesses, which to date have included: (1) the hiring of additional
qualified finance and accounting personnel, including the hiring of a new Chief Financial Officer with SEC reporting experience; (2)
the implementation of formal policies, procedures and controls, training on standards of documentary evidence, as well as implementation
of controls designed to ensure the reliability of critical spreadsheets and system generated reports from the enterprise resource
planning system that the Company implemented in 2020; and (3) the documenting and evaluating of business processes and controls, as well
as progressing towards readiness to test controls for operating effectiveness. 

If
we are unable to successfully remediate our existing or any future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting,
or identify any additional material weaknesses, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected, we may
be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports and applicable listing
requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting, and the share price of our Class A common stock may decline as
a result. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require
additional financial and management resources. See Part II, Item 9A Controls and
Procedures Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting of this Report for further information
on material weaknesses and our remediation plans. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to us will make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ), and
we expect to take advantage of certain exemptions and relief from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies. In particular, while we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to
comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
we will be exempt from any rules that could be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm
rotations or a supplement to the auditor s report on financial statements; we will be subject to reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and we will not be required to hold nonbinding advisory
votes on executive compensation or stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

In
addition, while we are an emerging growth company, we can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of this extended transition period and, as a result, our
operating results and financial statements may not be comparable to the operating results and financial statements of companies that
have adopted the new or revised accounting standards. 

43 

We
may remain an emerging growth company until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our
IPO, though we may cease to be an emerging growth company earlier under certain circumstances, including if (i) we have 1.07 billion
or more in annual revenue in any fiscal year, (ii) we become a large accelerated filer, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Exchange Act; or (iii) we issue more than 1.0 billion of non- convertible debt over a three-year period. 

We
are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company
even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller
reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock
held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue
is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates
is less than 700 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. Similar to emerging growth companies, smaller
reporting companies that are non-accelerated filers are exempt from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our Class A common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our Class A common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading
market for our Class A common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We
may acquire other companies, technologies, or assets, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution
to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 

Our
success will depend, in part, on our ability to grow our business in response to the demands of consumers and other constituents within
the gaming industry and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may decide to grow through the acquisition of complementary
businesses, technologies, and assets rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates
can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. The risks we face
in connection with acquisitions include: 

diversion
 of management time and focus from operating our business; 

coordination
 of technology, research and development and sales and marketing functions; 

transition
 of the acquired company s users to our website and mobile applications; 

retention
 of employees from the acquired company; 

cultural
 challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 

integration
 of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems; 

the
 need to implement or improve controls, policies and procedures at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective
 controls, policies and procedures; 

potential
 write-offs of intangibles or other assets acquired in such transactions that may have an adverse effect on our operating results; 

known
 and unknown liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement
 claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, and tax liabilities; and 

litigation
 or other claims resulting from the acquisition of the company, including claims from terminated employees, consumers, former stockholders,
 or other third parties. 

44 

Our
failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments could
cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments and to incur unanticipated liabilities and
otherwise harm our business. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of
debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, or the write-off of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Also,
the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions may not materialize. Any of these risks, if realized, could materially and adversely affect
our business and results of operations. 

We
may be subject to various legal proceedings, claims, litigation, governmental investigations or inquiries and other disputes from time
to time. If the outcomes of any of these actions are adverse to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

We
may be subject to various legal proceedings, claims, litigation, governmental investigations or inquiries and other disputes from time
to time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Claims or disputes
arising out of actual or alleged violations of law could be asserted against us by individuals, either individually or through class
actions, by governmental entities in civil or criminal investigations and proceedings or by other parties, including holders of non-controlling
interests in certain of our subsidiaries. Any claims made against us could be asserted under a variety of laws, including but not limited
to, contract or corporate law, consumer finance laws, consumer protection laws, intellectual property laws, privacy laws, labor and employment
laws, securities laws and employee benefit laws. These actions or disputes, whether meritorious or not, could expose us to adverse publicity
through various media channels and to substantial monetary damages or other nonmonetary components and legal defense costs, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and criminal and civil fines and penalties, including but not limited to suspension or revocation
of licenses to conduct business. For additional information, see Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3 of this Report. 

Unanticipated
changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect
our operating results and financial condition. 

We
are currently subject to taxes in the United States and the United Kingdom. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility
or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

changes
 in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

expected
 timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 

expiration
 of, or detrimental changes in, research and development tax credit laws; 

changes
 in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 

expansion
 into or future activities in additional jurisdictions. 

In
addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes in various jurisdictions. Outcomes from these
audits could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

We
may not successfully manage the transitions associated with certain of our executive officers, which could have an adverse impact on
us. 

On September 9, 2022, Jonathan New notified us of his decision to resign from his role as our Chief Financial Officer, effective September
23, 2022. Effective March 20, 2023, we appointed Jason Potter to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Mr. Potter s appointment
to the permanent Chief Financial Officer role, we had other individuals, including Dmitry Kozko, our Chief Executive Officer, serve in
an Interim Chief Financial Officer capacity. Leadership transitions may be inherently difficult to manage, and an inadequate transition
to a permanent Chief Financial Officer may cause disruption within the Company. In addition, our financial performance and ability to
meet operational goals and strategic plans may be adversely impacted. This may also impact our ability to retain and hire other key members
of management. 

45 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 

Substantial
future sales of our Class A common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress the price of our Class A common
stock. 

A
substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock are freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ), except for any shares of our Class A common stock that may be held or acquired by our directors,
executive officers and other affiliates (as that term is defined in the Securities Act), including Motorsport Network, which generally
may not be sold in the public market unless the sale is registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. 

Further,
Motorsport Network has registration rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements to register
the resale of 780,385 shares of our Class A common stock or to include such shares for resale in registration statements that we may
file for ourselves or other stockholders. Accordingly, sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market,
or the perception that these sales could occur, including sales by Motorsport Network, could adversely affect the price of our Class
A common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional shares. 

We
have also filed a registration statement registering under the Securities Act the shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance
under the Motorsport Games Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan for the grants of equity-based awards to employees, directors and consultants.
If these award recipients cause a large number of shares to be sold in the public market, such sales could also reduce the trading price
of our Class A common stock and impede our ability to raise future capital. 

Our
certificate of incorporation has limitations on the liability of our directors, and we may have to indemnify our officers and directors
in certain instances. 

Our
certificate of incorporation limits the liability of directors to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides
that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors,
except for liability for any: 

breach
 of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

act
 or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful
 payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation
 Law; or 

transactions
 for which the directors derived an improper personal benefit. 

These
limitations of liability will not apply to liabilities arising under the federal or state securities laws and will not affect the availability
of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. Our corporate bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors, officers
and employees to the fullest extent permitted by law. Our bylaws also provide that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred by a
director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding. We believe that these bylaw provisions are necessary
to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. The limitation of liability in our certificate of incorporation and
bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for a breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce
the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might provide a benefit
to us and our stockholders. Our results of operations and financial condition may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

46 

Certain
provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our board of directors
or current management and limit the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in our board of directors or management
 including, but not limited to : 

establishing
 an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons
 for election to our board of directors; 

creating
 a classified board of directors; 

prohibiting
 cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

permitting
 our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval ;
 and 

reflecting
 two classes of common stock, as discussed above. 

These
provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult
for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In
addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested 
stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially
all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative
action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us
arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or any action asserting a claim
against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting
in the State of Delaware. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States
of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors,
officers, employees or agents arising under the Securities Act. We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency
in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in
resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection
against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. The choice of forum provision requiring that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
be the exclusive forum for certain actions would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange
Act. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors,
officers and other employees. 

There
is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other
companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice
of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in
the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions.
If a court were to find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find the exclusive forum
provision in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

47 

We
expect that the price of our Class A common stock will fluctuate substantially. 

The
trading price of our Class A common stock is likely to be volatile due several factors, including those described in this Risk
Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. Factors that could
cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock include: 

changes
 to our industry, including demand and regulations; 

our
 ability to compete successfully against current and future competitors; 

our
 ability to develop and launch consumer-preferred electronic racing games and esports events; 

competitive
 pricing pressures; 

our
 ability to obtain liquidity to fund our operations and other working capital financing as required; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

sales
 of our Class A common stock; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

our
 loss of any strategic relationship, sponsor or licensor; 

any
 major change in our management; 

changes
 in accounting standards, procedures, guidelines, interpretations or principles; and 

economic,
 geopolitical and other external factors. 

In
addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market
and industry factors, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, or interest rate changes and financial market instability or disruptions to the banking system due to bank failures, particularly in light of the recent events
that have occurred with respect to Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank,
may seriously affect the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Historically,
securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities.
If we were to be sued, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could
harm our business. 

If
securities industry analysts cease to publish research reports on us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and
market trading volume of our Class A common stock could be negatively affected. 

The
trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish
about us. We anticipate having limited analyst coverage and we may continue to have inadequate analyst coverage in the future. If one
or more of such analysts downgrade our securities, or otherwise report on us unfavorably, or discontinue coverage of us, the market price
and market trading volume of our Class A common stock could be negatively affected. 

48 

The
dual class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 

In
July 2017, S P Dow Jones and FTSE Russell announced changes to their eligibility criteria for the inclusion of shares of public companies
on certain indices, including the Russell 2000, the S P 500, the S P MidCap 400 and the S P SmallCap 600, to exclude companies
with multiple classes of shares of common stock from being added to these indices. As a result, our dual class capital structure would
make us ineligible for inclusion in any of these indices, and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that
attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in our common stock. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that other stock
indices will not take a similar approach to S P Dow Jones or FTSE Russell in the future. Exclusion from indices could make our Class
A common stock less attractive to investors and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation
and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, investors
must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future
gains on their investments. 

General
Risk Factors 

Our
results of operations and financial condition are subject to management s accounting judgments and estimates, as well as changes
in accounting policies. 

Financial
statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP typically require the use of good faith estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported
amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. If these estimates or assumptions are incorrect, it could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We have identified several accounting policies as being critical 
to the fair presentation of our financial condition and results of operations because they involve major aspects of our business and
require us to make judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. These policies are described in Part II, Item 7, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. The implementation of new accounting
requirements or other changes to U.S. GAAP could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial condition. 

The
requirements of being a public company may require significant resources and divert management s attention. 

As
an Exchange Act reporting company, we are subject to certain ongoing reporting requirements. Compliance with these requirements will
increase our compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demands on our resources. The
requirements may also make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept
reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified members of our board of directors and qualified officers. Moreover, as a result of the disclosure of information
in the public filings we make, our business operations, operating results and financial condition will become more visible, including
to competitors and other third parties. 

In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for
public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty
regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 

49 

If
we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial
statements could be impaired. 

We
are subject to a requirement, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to conduct an annual review and evaluation of our
internal control over financial reporting and furnish a report by management on, among other things, our assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting each fiscal year. However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company or a non-accelerated
filer, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b). Ensuring that we have adequate internal control over financial reporting in place
so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that must be evaluated frequently.
Establishing and maintaining these internal controls will be costly and may divert management s attention. 

In
addition to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that we have identified, we may discover additional
weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting in the future. If we fail to achieve and maintain
the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time,
we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude, on an ongoing basis, that we have effective internal control over financial reporting
in accordance with Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation, testing
and any remediation actions or the impact of the same on our operations. If we do not adequately implement or comply with the requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act, we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC,
or suffer other adverse regulatory consequences, including penalties for violation of NASDAQ rules. As a result, there could be a negative
reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. In addition, we may be
required to incur costs to improve our internal control system, including the costs of the hiring of additional personnel. Any such action
could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and could also lead to a decline in the
price of our Class A common stock. 

We
are subject to risks related to corporate and social responsibility and reputation. 

Many
factors influence our reputation, including the perception held by our customers, business partners and other key stakeholders. Our business
faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance activities. We risk damage to our reputation if we fail to
act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, climate change,
workplace conduct, human rights and philanthropy. Any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention and the willingness
of customers and our partners to do business with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and cash flows. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters is located in Miami, Florida and currently consists of approximately 2,000 square feet of office space under a
lease with a related party that terminates on September 30, 2024, with a one-year extension option. See Note 10 - Related Party Transactions ,
and Note 17 Subsequent Events in our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

We
also lease offices in Orlando, Florida, Charlotte, North Carolina, Silverstone, England, Tbilisi, Republic of Georgia, and Melbourne,
Australia. We believe that we will be able to obtain additional space, as needed, on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are involved in various routine legal proceedings incidental to the ordinary course of our business. We believe that the outcome of
all pending legal proceedings in the aggregate is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, except as otherwise disclosed in this Report .
In light of the uncertainties involved in legal proceedings generally, the ultimate outcome of a particular matter could be
material to our operating results for a particular period depending on, among other things, the size of the loss or the nature of
the liability imposed and the level of our income for that particular period. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies
 Litigation and Note 17 Subsequent Events in our consolidated financial statements for additional
information. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

50 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
Class A common stock is publicly traded under the ticker symbol MSGM on the Nasdaq Capital Market and began trading on
January 13, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock. There is no public trading market
for our Class B common stock. 

Holders 

As
of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 15 holders of record of our Class A common stock and one holder of record of our Class B common
stock. The actual number of holders of our Class A common stock is greater than the number of record holders, and includes stockholders
who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or other nominees. 

Dividends 

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and, therefore,
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion
of our board of directors, subject to compliance with covenants in current and future agreements governing our and our subsidiaries 
indebtedness, and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual arrangements and other
factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

There
were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 other than as reported in our Current Reports
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

We
did not purchase any shares of our Class A common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

51 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

The
following overview is a high-level discussion of our operating results, as well as some of the trends and drivers that affect our business.
Management believes that an understanding of these trends and drivers provides important context for our results for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as our future prospects. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it intended
to be a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this Report, including in the Business 
section and Risk Factors above, the remainder of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations MD A or the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 

Our
Business 

Motorsport
Games is a leading racing game developer, publisher and esports ecosystem provider of official motorsport racing series throughout
the world, including NASCAR, the iconic 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance race Le Mans and the associated FIA World
Endurance Championship (the WEC ), INDYCAR, the British Touring Car Championship (the BTCC and others.
Our portfolio is comprised of some of the most prestigious motorsport leagues and events in the world. Further, in 2021 we acquired the KartKraft karting simulation game as well as Studio 397 B.V. Studio397 and their rFactor 2 realistic racing simulator technology and platform, adding both games and their underlying technology to our portfolio. 

Started
in 2018 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Motorsport Network, we are currently the official developer and publisher of the NASCAR video
game racing franchise and have obtained the official licenses to develop multi-platform games for the BTCC, the 24 Hours of Le Mans
race and the WEC, as well as INDYCAR. We develop and publish multi-platform racing video games including for game consoles, personal computers (PCs) and
mobile platforms through various retail and digital channels, including full-game and downloadable content. For fiscal years 2022 and
2021, a majority of our revenue was generated from sales of our NASCAR racing video games. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have a total headcount of 134 people, made up of 133 full-time employees, including 91 dedicated to game development,
to continue developing our expanded product offerings. Our headcount numbers as of December 31, 2022, reflect that we have ceased our development operations in Russia effective
September 2022, as a result of the Ukraine-Russia Conflict and as such, we do not expect the Company s development operations to
have significant exposure to changes in circumstances arising from the Ukraine-Russa Conflict. 

COVID-19
Pandemic Update 

The
lingering impact of COVID-19 has continued to create significant volatility throughout the global economy, such as supply chain disruptions,
limited labor supplies, higher inflation, and recession, which in turn has caused constraints on consumer spending. More recently, new
variants of COVID-19, such as the Omicron variant and its subvariants, that are significantly more contagious than previous strains,
have emerged. Further, the effectiveness of approved vaccines on these new strains remains uncertain. The spread of these new strains
initially caused many government authorities and businesses to reimplement prior restrictions in an effort to lessen the spread of COVID-19
and its variants. However, while many of these restrictions have been lifted, uncertainty remains as to whether additional restrictions
may be initiated or again reimplemented in response to surges in COVID-19 cases. 

Although
we do not currently expect the COVID-19 pandemic to have a material impact on our future business and operations, we will continue to
monitor the evolving situation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and we may take further actions required by governmental authorities
or that we determine are prudent to support the well-being of our employees, suppliers, business partners and others. The degree to which
the ongoing and prolonged COVID-19 pandemic impacts our operations, business, financial results, liquidity, and financial condition will
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, continuously evolving and cannot be predicted. This includes, but is not limited
to, the duration and spread of the pandemic; its severity; the emergence and severity of its variants; the actions to contain the virus
or treat its impact, such as the availability and efficacy of vaccines (particularly with respect to emerging strains of the virus) and
potential hesitancy to utilize them; the effect on discretionary spending by consumers; and how quickly and to what extent normal economic
and operating conditions can resume. 

Further
discussion of the potential impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the market price of our
Class A common stock due to the ongoing and prolonged COVID-19 pandemic is provided in the section entitled Risk Factors 
in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. 

52 

2022
Restructuring Program 

On
September 8, 2022, the Company announced an organization restructuring (the 2022 Restructuring Program designed to reduce
the Company s marketing, general and administrative expenses, improve the Company s profit and maximize efficiency, cash
flow and liquidity. The 2022 Restructuring Program includes right-sizing the organization and operating with more efficient workflows
and processes. The primary components of the organizational restructuring involve consolidating certain functions; reducing layers of
management, where appropriate, to increase accountability and effectiveness; and streamlining support functions to reflect the new organizational
structure. The leaner organizational structure is also expected to improve communication flow and cross-functional collaboration, leveraging
the more efficient business processes. In addition, given the ongoing uncertain economic environment and the potential effect that it
could have on the Company s net sales, these actions will also provide the Company with additional flexibility. 

As
a result of the 2022 Restructuring Program, the Company expects to eliminate approximately 20 of its overhead costs worldwide and deliver
approximately 4 million of total annualized cost reductions by the end of 2023, of which 2.5 million was achieved by the end of 2022.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had incurred restructuring costs of approximately 0.1 million, which primarily consisted of severance
payments, and expects total restructuring costs to fall within the previously estimated range of 0.1 million to 0.3 million. 

Trends
and Factors Affecting Our Business 

Product
Release Schedule 

Our
financial results are affected by the timing of our product releases and the commercial success of those titles. Our NASCAR products
have historically accounted for the majority of our revenue; however, we have diversified our product offerings and are generating revenues from KartKraft, rFactor 2 and the
 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual event ,
which reduced the percentage of our revenues derived from NASCAR products for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For example,
revenues associated with our NASCAR franchise accounted for approximately 63 and 88 of our total revenue for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, with the acquisitions of licenses to develop multi-platform
games for INDYCAR, BTCC and the WEC series, including the iconic 24 hours of Le Mans race, we expect our future revenue streams will become
further diversified and consist of revenues from multiple games and different franchises. 

Our recent product releases include: (i) our upgrade to our NASCAR game for next generation consoles and PCs, NASCAR
21: Ignition, on October 28, 2021, and a 2022 Season Expansion
update on October 6, 2022; (ii) NASCAR Heat Ultimate Edition+ on Nintendo Switch on November 19,
2021, the first-ever NASCAR title to come to Nintendo Switch; (iii) the full release of the KartKraft kart racing simulator on January
26, 2022 for the PC; (iv) NASCAR Rivals, the official game of the 2022 NASCAR Cup Series season ,
on Nintendo Switch on October 14, 2022 and (v) four quarterly content releases in 2022 for our rFactor 2 realistic racing simulation
game . In the first quarter of 2022, we modified our product release schedule such that our most
recent NASCAR console and PC title for 2022 was delivered as an update to our 2021 release through the 2022 Season Expansion update downloadable
content (DLC) and the anticipated timing of some of our other planned product releases for other racing series have been moved to later
periods. The NASCAR, INDYCAR, BTCC and Le Mans game experiences are currently under development, and we currently anticipate releasing
game experiences for these racing series in 2023 and 2024. 

Going forward, we intend to expand our license arrangements to other internationally recognized racing series and the platforms
we operate on. We believe that having a broader product portfolio will improve our operating results and provide a revenue stream that
is less cyclical based on the release of a single game per year. 

Economic
Environment and Retailer Performance 

Our
physical gaming products are sold through a distribution network with an exclusive partner who specializes in the distribution of games
through mass-market retailers (e.g., Target, Wal-Mart), consumer electronics stores (e.g., Best Buy), discount warehouses, game specialty
stores (e.g., GameStop) and other online retail stores (e.g., Amazon). We expect to continue to derive significant revenues from sales
of our physical gaming products to a very limited number of distribution partners. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we
sold substantially all of our physical disk products for the retail channel through a single distribution partner, which represented
approximately 9 and 28 of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Risk Factors Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry The importance of retail sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model 
and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We primarily depend on a single third-party distribution
partner to distribute our games for the retail channel, and our ability to negotiate favorable terms with such partner and its continued
willingness to purchase our games is critical for our business in Part I, Item 1A of this Report for additional information regarding
the importance of retail sales and our distribution partners to our business. 

Additionally,
we continue to monitor economic conditions, including the impact of the ongoing and prolonged COVID-19 pandemic, that may
unfavorably affect our businesses, such as deteriorating consumer demand, delays in development, pricing pressure on our products,
increased inflation and interest rates, recessionary factors (such as the impact that higher energy prices will have on consumer purchasing
behavior), supply chain constraints, labor supply issues, credit quality of our receivables and foreign currency exchange
rates. 

53 

Hardware
Platforms 

We
derive most of our revenue from the sale of products made for PCs and video game consoles manufactured by third parties, such as
Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc. s Sony PlayStation and Microsoft Corporation s Microsoft Xbox consoles, which comprised approximately 40 and 44 of our total revenue for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the sale of products for Microsoft Windows via
Steam comprised approximately 21 and 11 of our total revenue, respectively, and the sale of products for mobile platforms
comprised approximately 5 for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The success of our business is dependent upon
consumer acceptance of video game console/PC platforms and continued growth in the installed base of these platforms. When new
hardware platforms are introduced, such as those released by Sony and Microsoft in November 2020, demand for interactive entertainment used on older
platforms typically declines, which may negatively affect our business during the market transition to the new consoles. The latest
generation of Sony and Microsoft consoles provide backwards compatibility (i.e., the ability to play games for the
previous generation of consoles), which could mitigate the risk of such a decline. However, we cannot be certain how backwards
compatibility will affect demand for our products. 

Digital
Business 

Players
increasingly purchase our games as digital downloads, as opposed to purchasing physical discs. All of our titles that are available
through retailers as packaged goods products are also available through direct digital download. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, approximately 68 and 61 , respectively, of our revenue from sales of video games for game consoles and PCs was
through digital channels. We believe this trend of increasing direct digital downloads is primarily due to benefits relating to
convenience and accessibility that digital downloads provide. In addition, as part of our digital business strategy, we aim to drive
ongoing engagement and incremental revenue from recurrent consumer spending on our titles through in-game purchases and extra
content. 

Esports 

We
are striving to become a leader in organizing and facilitating esports tournaments, competitions, and events for our licensed racing
games as well as on behalf of third-party racing game developers and publishers. 2022 was another successful year for our Esports
segment, which began with the grand finale of the second running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual in January, the INDYCAR-Motorsport Games Pro
Challenge in February and the continuation and re-brand of elite single seater esports rFactor 2 Formula Pro. The year concluded
with the first 4 rounds of the 2022-23 Le Mans Virtual Series in September, October, November and December. In addition, we
organized competitions to drive user engagement on our rFactor 2 platform, as well as successfully delivering onsite esports
activations with rFactor 2 at selected BTCC events in Autumn. For 2022, our esports events had a cumulative total of
approximately 2.3 million video views with approximately 6.3 million minutes watched. Subsequently, in the first quarter of 2023, we
announced our viewership figures for the 2022-23 Le Mans Virtual Series, including the 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual, which had a
global audience of 8.5 million across television (TV)/over-the-top (OTT) channels, 36 million social media impressions and over 10 million video views across
the full 5-race season. 

Technological
Infrastructure 

As
our digital business has grown, our games and services increasingly depend on the reliability, availability and security of our technological
infrastructure. We are investing and expect to continue to invest in technology, hardware and software to support our games and services,
including with respect to security protections. Our industry is prone to, and our systems and networks are subject to, cyberattacks,
computer viruses, worms, phishing attacks, malicious software programs, and other information security incidents that seek to exploit,
disable, damage, disrupt or gain access to our networks, our products and services, supporting technological infrastructure, intellectual
property and other assets. As a result, we continually face cyber risks and threats that seek to damage, disrupt or gain access to our
networks and our gaming platform, supporting infrastructure, intellectual property and other assets. See Risks Related to Our
Business and Industry We may experience security breaches and cyber threats in Part I, Item 1A of this Report for additional
information. 

54 

Rapidly
Changing Industry 

We
operate in a dynamic industry that regularly experiences periods of rapid, fundamental change. In order to remain successful, we are
required to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, the ways in which our products and services will compete. For example, the global
adoption of portable and mobile gaming devices has led to significant growth in portable and mobile gaming, which we believe is a continuing
trend. Accordingly, in conjunction with the launch of our next generation NASCAR console/PC games, we have focused on developing titles
for Nintendo s Switch platform. We released NASCAR Heat Ultimate Edition+ on Nintendo Switch in the fourth quarter of 2021 and
followed this up with the release of NASCAR Rivals on Nintendo Switch in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Recurring
Revenue Sources 

Our
business model includes revenue that we deem recurring in nature, such as revenue from our annualized sports franchise (currently
NASCAR) for game consoles, PC, and mobile platforms. We deem this recurring because many existing game owners purchase, sometimes
free of charge, annual updates, which includes updated drivers, liveries, and cars as they are released. We have been able to
forecast the revenue from this area of our business with greater relative confidence than for new games, services, and business
models. As we continue to incorporate new business models and modalities of play into our games, our goal is to continue to look for
opportunities to expand the recurring portion of our business . 

Reportable
Segments 

We
use the management approach in determining reportable operating segments. The management approach considers the internal
organization and reporting used by our chief operating decision maker for making operating decisions and assessing performance as the
source for determining our reportable segments. Our chief operating decision maker is our Chief Executive Officer CEO ),
who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire company. We classified
our reportable operating segments into (i) the development and publishing of interactive racing video games, entertainment content and
services (the Gaming segment and (ii) the organization and facilitation of esports tournaments, competitions, and events
for our licensed racing games as well as on behalf of third-party video game racing series and other video game publishers (the esports
segment ). 

Components
of Our Results of Operations 

Revenues 

We
have historically derived substantially all of our revenue from sales of our games and related extra content that can be played by customers
on a variety of platforms, including game consoles, mobile phones, PCs and tablets. Starting in 2019, we began generating sponsorship
revenues from our production of live and virtual esports events. In early 2022, we also began offering software development services
for racing simulators. 

Our
product and service offerings included within the Gaming segment primarily include, but are not limited to, full PC, console, and mobile
games with both online and offline functionality, which generally include : 

the
 initial game delivered digitally or via physical disk at the time of sale, which also typically provides access to offline core game
 content; 

updates
 to previously released games on a when-and-if-available basis, such as software patches or updates, and/or additional content to
 be delivered in the future, both paid and free; and 

outsourced
 code and content development services. 

Our
product and service offerings included within the esports segment relate primarily to curating esports events. 

55 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues for our Gaming segment is primarily comprised of royalty expenses attributable to our license arrangement with NASCAR and
certain other third parties relating to our NASCAR racing series games. Cost of revenues for our Gaming segment is also comprised of
merchant fees, disk manufacturing costs, packaging costs, shipping costs, warehouse costs, distribution fees to distribute products to
retail stores, mobile platform fees associated with our mobile revenue (for transactions in which we are acting as the principal in the
sale to the end customer) and amortization of certain acquired license agreements and other intangible assets acquired through our various
acquisitions. Cost of revenues for our esports segment consists primarily of the cost of event staffing and event production . 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales
and marketing expenses are primarily composed of salaries, benefits and related taxes of our in-house marketing teams, advertising, marketing,
and promotional expenses, including fees paid to social media platforms, Motorsport Network and other websites where we market our products. 

Development 

Development
expenses consist of the cost to develop the games we produce, which includes salaries, benefits, and operating expenses of our in-house
development teams, as well as consulting expenses for any contracted external development. Development expenses also include expenses
relating to our software licenses, maintenance, and studio operating expenses. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and other costs associated with our operations including, finance,
human resources, information technology, public relations, legal audit and compliance fees, facilities, and other external general and
administrative services. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses include depreciation on fixed assets (primarily computers and office equipment), as well as amortization of
definite lived intangible assets acquired through our various acquisitions. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Gaming 
 9,144,639 
 14,267,735 
 (5,123,096 
 (35.9 
 
 Esports 
 1,179,920 
 807,795 
 372,125 
 46.1 
 
 Total Segment and Consolidated
 Revenues 
 10,324,559 
 15,075,530 
 (4,750,971 
 (31.5 

Consolidated
revenues were 10.3 million and 15.1 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 4.8 million, or 31.5 , when compared
to the prior year. 

Gaming segment revenues
represented 89 and 95 of our total 2022 and 2021 revenues, respectively, decreasing by 5.1 million, or 35.9 , when compared to
the prior year. The decrease in Gaming segment revenues was primarily due to 2.4 million in lower digital game sales, including
downloadable content, and 3.4 million in lower retail game sales. This was primarily driven by the release of one NASCAR game title
in 2022, compared to two in 2021, resulting in lower volumes of sales, as well as less favorable pricing and higher than expected
retail pricing concessions on existing games in our product portfolio. Specifically, the change in digital game sales was driven by
a 3.4 million reduction in NASCAR title sales on consoles and mobile platforms, partially offset by a 0.8 million and 0.2 million
increase in rFactor 2 and KartKraft title sales, respectively, on PC platforms. The reduction in retail game sales of 3.4 million
was due to 1.4 million in lower retail sales of NASCAR titles in 2022, as well as 2.0 million in higher-than-expected sales
allowances and retail pricing concessions on NASCAR games. These declines were partially offset by 0.6 million in revenues earned
through the development of simulation platforms for third-parties and 0.1 million in license fee revenues. 

56 

Esports
segment revenues represented 11 and 5 of our total 2022 and 2021 revenues, respectively, increasing by 0.4 million, or 46.1 , when
compared to the prior year. The increase in Esports segment revenue was primarily due to higher sponsorship revenue of 0.3 million from
our Le Mans Virtual Series, which started its 2022-23 season in September 2022, and an increase of 0.1 million in event entrance fees. 

Cost
of Revenues 

For
 the Year Ended 
December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Cost of Revenues: 

Gaming 
 4,080,724 
 7,041,579 
 (2,960,855 
 (42.0 
 
 Esports 
 879,593 
 487,576 
 392,017 
 80.4 
 
 Total Segment and Consolidated
 Cost of Revenues 
 4,960,317 
 7,529,155 
 (2,568,838 
 (34.1 

Consolidated
cost of revenues were 5.0 million and 7.5 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 2.6 million, or 34.1 , when compared
to the prior year. 

 Gaming
segment cost of revenues represented 82 and 94 of our total 2022 and 2021 cost of revenues, respectively, decreasing by 3.0 million,
or 42.0 , when compared to the prior year. The decrease in Gaming segment cost of revenues was primarily driven by a 1.7 million reduction
in game production costs, a 1.4 million reduction in royalty payments and a 0.1 million reduction in direct marketing costs, partially
offset by a 0.1 million increase in license and developed technology amortization expense and a 0.1 million increase in development
costs to support the development of simulation platforms for third-parties. The decrease in production costs was due to only one NASCAR
title being released in 2022, compared to two NASCAR titles in 2021, and the reduction in royalty payments was driven by the decrease
in digital and retail game sales. 

 Esports
segment cost of revenues represented 18 and 6 of our total 2022 and 2021 cost of revenues, respectively, increasing by 0.4 million,
or 80.4 , when compared to the prior year. The increase in Esports segment cost of revenues was primarily driven an increase in production
costs associated with the Le Mans Virtual Series. 

Gross
Profit 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Gross Profit: 

Gaming 
 5,063,915 
 7,226,156 
 (2,162,241 
 (29.9 
 
 Esports 
 300,327 
 320,219 
 (19,892 
 (6.2 
 
 Total Segment and Consolidated Gross Profit 
 5,364,242 
 7,546,375 
 (2,182,133 
 (28.9 

Gaming - Gross Profit Margin 
 55.4 
 50.6 

Esports - Gross Profit Margin 
 25.5 
 39.6 

Total Groff Profit Margin 
 52.0 
 50.1 

Consolidated gross profit
was 5.4 million and 7.5 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 2.2 million, or 28.9 , when compared to the prior
year. Gross profit margin was 52.0 in 2022, compared to 50.1 in 2021, driven primarily by lower game production costs and royalty
fees in the Gaming segment. 

57 

Gaming
segment gross profit was 5.1 million for 2022, compared to 7.2 million for 2021, representing a gross profit margin of 55.4 for
2022 and 50.6 for 2021. The change in gross profit margin was partially driven by changes in the sales mix, which included
third-party development revenues for the first time in 2022 and accounted for approximately 180 basis point year over year improvement.
The remaining change in gross profit margin was primarily due to lower production costs and royalty expense, as a result of
releasing one NASCAR title in 2022 compared to two NASCAR titles in 2021. 

Esports
segment gross profit was 0.3 million for both 2022 and 2021, representing a gross profit margin of 25.5 for 2022 and 39.6 for
2021. The increase in revenue was primarily offset by an increase in production costs associated with the Le Mans Virtual Series. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Operating Expenses: 

Sales and marketing 
 6,172,324 
 6,475,867 
 (303,543 
 (4.7 
 
 Development 
 10,417,260 
 9,621,712 
 795,548 
 8.3 
 
 General and administrative 
 13,764,177 
 25,378,149 
 (11,613,972 
 (45.8 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 4,788,270 
 - 
 4,788,270 
 100.0 
 
 Impairment of intangible
 assets 
 4,828,478 
 317,113 
 4,511,365 
 1,422.6 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 420,137 
 280,192 
 139,945 
 49.9 
 
 Total
 Operating Expenses 
 40,390,646 
 42,073,033 
 (1,682,387 
 (4.0 

Changes
in operating expenses are explained in more detail below: 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales
and marketing expenses were 6.2 million and 6.5 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a 0.3 million, or 4.7 , decrease
when compared to the prior year. The reduction in sales and marketing expense was primarily driven by a 1.0 million reduction in external
marketing expense, which was partially offset by an increase in payroll expense of 0.7 million as a result of higher headcount when
compared to the prior year. 

Development 

Development
expenses were 10.4 million and 9.6 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing an increase of 0.8 million, or 8.3 ,
when compared to the prior year. The incremental development expenses were primarily driven by higher compensation due to additional
headcount and reflect increased internal development efforts to produce and support existing games in our product portfolio, as well
as the development of future games such as the next INDYCAR title. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative G A expenses were 13.8 million and 25.4 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease
of 11.6 million, or 45.8 , when compared to the prior year. The reduction in G A expense was primarily driven by a 8.8 million
reduction in stock based compensation expense, a 2.5 million reduction in bonus expense due to IPO related bonus expense incurred
in 2021 that did not repeat in 2022, a 1.3 million reduction in legal, consultant and other professional expenses that were
incurred in connection with the 2021 IPO that did not repeat in 2022, a 0.7 million reduction in payroll and employee related
expenses, following certain headcount reductions in 2022, and a 0.2 million reduction in software expenditures. These were
partially offset by an increase of 1.4 million in lawsuit settlement expenses, driven by a 1.1 million loss contingency reserve
and a 0.3 million settlement expense, as well as a 0.2 million increase in rental expense and a 0.3 million increase in insurance
related expense. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation in our consolidated financial
statements for additional information regarding such legal proceeding. 

Impairment
of Goodwill, Intangible and Long-Lived Assets 

Impairment
of goodwill was 4.8 million and 0 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The impairment loss primarily relates to goodwill acquired in connection
with the acquisition of Studio397 that was deemed impaired as a result of impairment assessments performed during the year. The triggers
for the assessments was primarily revisions made in the first quarter of 2022 to the scope and timing of certain product releases included
in our product roadmap, as well as a significant reduction in the Company s market capitalization since the date of the last annual
impairment assessment. Changes to the forecasted revenues and discount rates, as a result of the triggers identified, were the primary
drivers for the change in fair value since the annual assessment. 

58 

Impairment
of Intangible Assets 

Impairment
of indefinite-lived intangible assets was 3.5 million and 0.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The triggers for the assessments
were the changes to the Company s product roadmap and the Company s market capitalization, as referenced above.
The indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment losses primarily relate to the rFactor 2 trade name and the Le Mans Video Gaming License
and are mainly driven by a reduction in expected future revenues following changes made to the Company s product roadmap in the
first quarter of 2022, as well as changes to the discount rates and royalty rates used when valuing the assets. 

Impairment
of finite-lived intangible assets was 1.3 million and 0 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The triggers for the assessments were the changes
to the Company s product roadmap and the Company s market capitalization, as referenced above. The finite-lived intangible
asset impairment losses relate to the rFactor 2 technology and was primarily driven by a change in the technical obsolescence assumption
used when determining the fair value of the asset. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses were 0.4 million and 0.3 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 0.1 million when compared
to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to additional depreciation expense on fixed assets acquired during 2022. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense was 1.1 million for 2022, compared to 0.5 million for 2021, an increase of 0.6 million when compared to the prior year. The
increase was primarily due to the ongoing non-cash interest accretion of our INDYCAR and BTCC license liabilities. 

Gain
Attributable to Equity Method Investment 

The
gain attributable to equity method investment in the Le Mans Esports Series Ltd was 0 for 2022 and 1.4 million for 2021. The decrease
was due to the discontinuation of equity method accounting as we began to fully consolidate Le Mans Esports Series Ltd upon acquiring
a majority interest during the first quarter of 2021. 

Other Expenses, net 

Other
expenses, net was 0.7 million for 2022, compared to 0.05 million for 2021. Other expenses, net of 0.7 million for 2022 was primarily comprised
of a foreign currency loss of 0.8 million, incurred remeasuring transactions denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, partially
offset by 0.2 million
in rental income from the sub-lease of our Charlotte, NC office space. For 2021, other expenses, net of 0.05 million was primarily comprised
of 0.2 million in rental income from the sub-lease of our Charlotte, NC office space, offset by 0.25 million of
foreign currency losses incurred remeasuring transactions denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars and translating to U.S. dollars
the results of our foreign operations that are denominated in a functional currency other than U.S. dollars. 

Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Other
comprehensive income was 0.01 million for 2022, compared to comprehensive loss of 1.0 million for 2021. The 1.1 million increase was
primarily due to activity in our U.K., Australian, Russian and Netherlands subsidiaries and represents unrealized foreign currency translation
adjustments. 

Net Loss Attributable
to Non-Controlling Interest 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the loss attributable to the non-controlling interest decreased by 0.3 million, or 57 , to a loss of 0.8 million as compared
to a loss of 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

Since
our inception and prior to our IPO, we financed our operations primarily through advances from Motorsport Network, which were subsequently
incorporated into a line of credit provided by Motorsport Network pursuant to the 12 million Line of Credit, as described below. 

On
January 15, 2021, we completed our IPO of 345,000 shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of 200 per share, which includes
the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase from us an additional 45,000 shares of Class A common stock. We
received net proceeds of approximately 63.1 million from the IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses paid
by us in 2020 and 2021. 

Following our IPO, we have financed
our operations primarily through cash generated from operations, advances from Motorsport Network pursuant to the 12 million Line of
Credit and through sales of our equity securities. 

59 

We
measure our liquidity in a number of ways, including the following: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 979,306 
 17,819,640 
 
 Working Capital (Deficiency) 
 (9,278,268 
 16,024,590 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 36.8 million, negative cash flows from operations of
approximately 19.5 million and an accumulated deficit of 74.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 1.0 million, which increased to 6.5 million as of March 22, 2023 primarily as a result of certain registered direct
offerings in February 2023 discussed below under Other Financing Activity, which resulted in aggregate net proceeds to
the Company of approximately 11.3 million. The proceeds are intended for use in the development of multiple games, working capital
and general corporate purposes. We expect to continue to incur significant operating expenses and, as a result, will need to grow
revenues to reach profitability and positive cash flows. We expect to continue to incur losses
for the foreseeable future as we continue to develop our product portfolio and invest in developing new video game titles. Based on
the Company s cash and cash equivalents position and the Company s average cash burn, we do not
believe we have sufficient cash on hand to fund our operations for the remainder of 2023 and that additional funding will be
required in order to continue operations. 

Our
future liquidity and capital requirements include funds to support the planned costs to operate our business, including amounts required
to fund working capital, support the development and introduction of new products, maintain existing titles, and certain capital expenditures.
The adequacy of our available funds generally depends on many factors, including our ability to successfully develop consumer-preferred
new products or enhancements to our existing products, continued development and expansion of our esports platform and our ability to
enter into collaborations with other companies and/or acquire other companies or technologies to enhance or complement our product and
service offerings. 

We
continue to explore additional funding in the form of potential equity and/or debt financing arrangements and similar transactions and
consider these to be viable options to support future liquidity needs, provided that such opportunities can be obtained on terms that
are commercially competitive and on terms acceptable to the Company. We are also seeking to improve our liquidity by achieving cost reductions
by maintaining and enhancing cost control initiatives, such as those that we expect to achieve through the 2022 Restructuring Program.
See 2022 Restructuring Program above for additional information. 

As
we continue to evaluate incremental funding solutions, we re-evaluated our product roadmap in the first quarter of 2022 and modified
the expected timing and scope of certain new product releases. These changes have been made not only to maintain the development of high-quality
video game titles, but also to improve the timing of certain working capital requirements and reduce expenditures, thereby decreasing
our expected future cash-burn and improve short-term liquidity needs. If needed, further adjustments could be made that would decrease
short-term working capital requirements, while pushing out the timing of expected revenues. 

We
expect to generate additional liquidity through consummating equity and/or debt financings or similar transactions, achieving cost reductions
by maintaining and enhancing cost control initiatives, such as those that we expect to achieve through the 2022 Restructuring Program
and/or further adjusting our product roadmap to reduce near term need for working capital. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue
and profit growth, there can be no assurances that such actions will provide us with sufficient liquidity to meet our cash requirements
as, among other things, our liquidity can be impacted by a number of factors, including our level of sales, costs and expenditures, economic
conditions in the capital markets, especially for technology companies, as well as accounts receivable and sales allowances. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, to
satisfy our future needed liquidity and capital resources . If we are unable to obtain adequate funds on acceptable terms, we may
be required to, among other things, significantly curtail or discontinue operations or obtain funds by entering into financing agreements
on unattractive terms. 

If
we are unable to satisfy our cash requirements from the sources identified above, we could be required to adopt one or more of the following
alternatives: 

selling
 assets or operations; 

seeking
 additional capital contributions and/or loans from Motorsport Network, the Company s other affiliates and/or third parties;
 and/or 

reducing
 other discretionary spending. 

There
can be no assurance that we would be able to take any of the actions referred to above because of a variety of commercial or market factors,
including, without limitation, market conditions being unfavorable for an equity or debt issuance or similar transactions, additional
capital contributions and/or loans not being available from Motorsport Network or affiliates and/or third parties, or that the transactions
may not be permitted under the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect, such as due to restrictions on the incurrence of
debt, incurrence of liens, asset dispositions and related party transactions. In addition, such actions, if taken, may not enable us
to satisfy our cash requirements if the actions that we are able to consummate do not generate a sufficient amount of additional capital. 

60 

Even
if we do secure additional financing, if our anticipated level of revenues are not achieved
because of, for example, less than anticipated consumer acceptance of our offering of products and events; less than effective
marketing and promotion campaigns, decreased consumer spending in response to weak economic conditions or weakness in the overall
electronic games category; adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates; decreased sales of our products and events as a
result of increased competitive activities by our competitors; changes in consumer purchasing habits, such as the impact of higher
energy prices on consumer purchasing behavior; retailer inventory management or reductions in retailer display space; less than
anticipated results from the Company s existing or new products or from its advertising and/or marketing plans; or if the
Company s expenses, including, without limitation, for marketing, advertising and promotions, product returns or price
protection expenditures, exceed the anticipated level of expenses, our liquidity may continue to be insufficient to satisfy our
future capital requirements. 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Going Concern , the Company has evaluated
whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the accompanying consolidated financial statements to this Report
are issued. The factors described above, in particular the available cash on hand to fund operations over the next year, have raised
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern
and which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Cash
Flows From Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 19.5 million and 20.9 million, respectively. The
net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily a result of cash used to fund a net loss of
 36.8 million, adjusted for net non-cash adjustments in the amount of 15.4 million and 1.6 million of cash provided by changes
in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily
due to net loss of 33.7 million, adjusted for net non-cash adjustments of 14.4 million and 1.6 million of cash used by changes
in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. 

Cash
Flows From Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0.3 million, which was primarily attributable to the purchase
of property and equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 14.4 million, which was
attributable to approximately 12.8 million paid in connection with the acquisition of Studio397 and 1.0 million paid in connection
with the acquisition of KartKraft, and approximately 0.8 million in purchases of property and equipment, which was partially
offset by 0.2 million of net cash acquired in the purchase of an additional controlling interest in Le Mans Esports Series Ltd. 

 Cash
Flows From Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.7 million and 49.3 million,
respectively. Cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily attributable
to 3.8 million in advances from Motorsport Network under the 12 million Line of Credit in September 2022, partially offset by 1.7
million in payments of purchase commitment liability relating to a portion of the deferred installment amount due in connection with
our acquisition of Studio397 and 0.4 million in game license payments. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided
by financing activities was primarily attributable to approximately 63.1 million of net cash provided by the sale of Class A Common
stock in our IPO, 2.2 million in advances from affiliates, partially offset by 13.0 million of net repayments to Motorsport
Network under the 12 million Line of Credit, and 3.0 million of payments for the acquisition of additional ownership interests from non-controlling shareholders. 

61 

Promissory
Note Line of Credit 

On
April 1, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note (the 12 million Line of
Credit with the Company s majority stockholder, Motorsport Network, that provides the Company with a line of
credit of up to 10 million (which was subsequently increased to 12 million pursuant to an amendment executed in November 2020), at
an interest rate of 10 per annum, the availability of which is dependent on Motorsport Network s available liquidity. The 12 million Line of Credit does not have a stated maturity date and is payable upon demand at any
time at the sole and absolute discretion of Motorsport Network. The Company may prepay the 12 million Line of Credit in whole or
in part at any time or from time to time without penalty or charge. In the event the Company or any of its subsidiaries consummates
certain corporate events, including any capital reorganization, consolidation, joint venture, spin off, merger or any other business
combination or restructuring of any nature, or if certain events of default occur, the entire
principal amount and all accrued and unpaid interest will be accelerated and become payable. Additionally, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Financial
Condition and Liquidity - Limits on the Company s borrowing capacity under the 12 million Line of Credit may affect the Company s
ability to finance its operations in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. 

On
September 8, 2022, the Company entered into a support agreement with Motorsport Network (the Support Agreement pursuant
to which Motorsport Network issued approximately 3 million (the September 2022 Cash Advance to the Company in accordance
with the 12 million Line of Credit, the proceeds of which the Company is using for general corporate purposes and working capital. In
the Support Agreement, Motorsport Network and the Company terminated the Side Letter Agreement dated September 4, 2020 and agreed that
until June 30, 2024, Motorsport Network would not demand repayment of the September 2022 Cash Advance or other advances under the 12
million Line of Credit unless and until such time that any of the following shall occur or exist: (i) the Company enters into a new financing
arrangement (whether debt, equity or otherwise) under which the Company is then able to draw or provides the Company with available cash
in excess of amounts required in the Company s reasonable judgment to run its operations in the ordinary course of business; (ii)
the Company generates from operations available cash in excess of amounts required in the Company s reasonable judgment to run
its operations in the ordinary course of business; or (iii) the Company s independent auditors issue an unqualified opinion on
its financial statements and the Company s repayment of the advances, in whole or in part, would not otherwise cause the independent
auditor to issue a going concern qualified opinion. Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing events, the Company shall prepay on such
date principal amount of the September 2022 Cash Advance and other advances under the 12 million Line of Credit then outstanding in
an amount equal to such available excess cash or, in the case of (iii) above, the amount that would not cause the Company s independent
auditor to issue a going concern qualified opinion, together with interest accrued but unpaid on the unpaid September 2022 Cash Advance
and other advances, which repayment obligation shall continue until all such advances under the 12 million Line of Credit are paid in
full. The entire aggregate principal amount of the September 2022 Cash Advance and the other advances under the 12 million Line of Credit,
together with interest accrued but unpaid thereon, shall also become immediately and automatically due and payable, and the 12 million
Line of Credit shall immediately and automatically terminate, in each case without any action required by Motorsport Network, if (i)
the Company experience an event of default under any other debt instrument, agreement or arrangement; or (ii) any final judgment or final
judgments for the payment of money in excess (net of amounts covered by third-party insurance with insurance carriers who have not disclaimed
liability with respect to such judgment or judgments) of 500,000 or its foreign currency equivalent is entered against the Company or
any subsidiary and is not discharged and either (a) an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or
decree or (b) there is a period of 60 days following the entry of such judgment or decree during which such judgment or decree is not
discharged, waived or the execution thereof stayed and, in the case of (b), such default continues for 60 consecutive days. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was not required to make any repayments to Motorsport Network under the September 2022
Cash Advance or the 12 million Line of Credit. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company owed approximately 3.8 million of principal and accrued interest on the 12 million Line of
Credit, compared with approximately 0 as of December 31, 2021. On January 30, 2023 and February 1, 2023, the Company entered into
certain debt-for-equity exchange agreements with Motorsport Network pursuant to which the entire outstanding amount due under the
 12 million Line of Credit was cancelled in exchange for an aggregate of 780,385 shares of the Company s Class A common stock issued
to Motorsport Network. See Note 17 Subsequent Events in our consolidated
financial statements for further information. 

Given the state of the financial
markets, the Company continues to assess its exposure to any potential non-performance by Motorsport Network and believes that there is
a substantial likelihood that Motorsport Network may not fulfill the Company s future borrowing requests. 

62 

Other
Financing Activity 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into a stock purchase commitment agreement (the Alumni Purchase Agreement with Alumni
Capital LP Alumni Capital ), which provides that the Company may sell to Alumni Capital up to 2,000,000 of shares (the
 commitment amount of the Company s Class A common stock, through the commitment period expiring on December 31,
2023, or earlier if the commitment amount is reached. Furthermore, the Company has an option to increase the commitment amount up to
 10,000,000 of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, subject to certain terms and conditions. On January 6, 2023, pursuant
to the Alumni Purchase Agreement, the Company issued 90,415 shares of the Company s Class A common stock to Alumni Capital, with
an approximate fair market value of 0.4 million. On January 19, 2023, the Company issued an additional 40,752 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock to Alumni Capital, with an approximate fair market value of 0.15 million. On January 27, 2023, the Company issued
a further 44,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock to Alumni Capital, with an approximate fair market value of 0.1
million. As of the date of this Report, the remaining commitment amount under the Alumni Purchase Agreement amounted to approximately
 1.3 million. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued 183,020 shares of the Company s Class A common stock in a registered direct offering priced
at-market under NASDAQ rules, with a fair market value of approximately 3.9 million (the 3.9 million RDO ), before deducting
placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright acted
as the exclusive placement agent for the 3.9 million RDO, pursuant to the engagement letter with the Company, dated as of January 9,
2023. In connection with the 3.9 million RDO, the Company paid Wainwright a cash transaction fee equal to 7.0 of the aggregate gross
proceeds from the registered direct offering, non-accountable expenses of 50,000 and closing fees of 15,950. The Company has also issued
to Wainwright warrants to purchase up to 10,981 shares of Class A Common Stock, which is equal to 6.0 of the aggregate number of shares
of Class A Common Stock placed in the 3.9 million RDO, at an exercise price of 26.75 per share and will expire five years from the
closing of the 3.9 million RDO. 

On
February 2, 2023, the Company issued 144,366 shares of the Company s Class A common stock in a registered direct offering priced
at-market under NASDAQ rules, with a fair market value of approximately 3.4 million (the 3.4 million RDO ), before deducting
placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. Wainwright acted as the exclusive placement agent for the 3.4
million RDO. In connection with the 3.4 million RDO, the Company paid Wainwright a cash transaction fee equal to 7.0 of the aggregate
gross proceeds from the registered direct offering, non-accountable expenses of 25,000 and closing fees of 15,950. The Company has
also issued to Wainwright warrants to purchase up to 8,662 shares of Class A Common Stock, which is equal to 6.0 of the aggregate number
of shares of Class A Common Stock placed in the 3.4 million RDO, at an exercise price of 29.375 per share and will expire five years
from the closing of the 3.4 million RDO. 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company issued 232,188 shares of the Company s Class A common stock in a registered direct offering priced
at-market under NASDAQ rules, with a fair market value of approximately 4.0 million (the 4.0 million RDO ), before deducting
placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. Wainwright acted as the exclusive placement agent for the 4.0
million RDO. In connection with the 4.0 million RDO, the Company paid Wainwright a cash transaction fee equal to 7.0 of the aggregate
gross proceeds from the registered direct offering, non-accountable expenses of 25,000 and closing fees of 15,950. The Company has
also issued to Wainwright warrants to purchase up to 13,931 shares of Class A Common Stock, which is equal to 6.0 of the aggregate number
of shares of Class A Common Stock placed in the 4.0 million RDO, at an exercise price of 21.738 per share and will expire five years
from the closing of the 4.0 million RDO. 

63 

Capital
Expenditures 

The
nature of the Company s operations does not require significant expenditures on capital assets, nor does the Company typically
enter into significant commitments to acquire capital assets. The Company does not have material commitments to acquire capital assets
as of December 31, 2022. 

Material
Cash Requirements 

As
of December 31, 2022, our material cash requirements were as follows (in thousands): 

Payments due by period 

Less than 
 1-3 
 3-5 
 More than 

Total 
 1 Year 
 Years 
 Years 
 5 Years 
 
 Operating Activities: 

Operating lease obligations 
 1,076,951 
 432,978 
 594,998 
 48,975 
 - 
 
 Minimum payment guarantees 
 18,120,336 
 2,698,000 
 5,739,136 
 6,433,200 
 3,250,000 
 
 Other 
 1,525,070 
 978,880 
 546,190 
 - 
 - 
 
 Financing Activities: 

Purchase commitments 
 2,320,000 
 1,870,000 
 450,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 23,042,357 
 5,979,858 
 7,330,324 
 6,482,175 
 3,250,000 

The
Company intends to fund these material cash requirements with a combination of cash generated from operations, as well as future funding
arrangements that as of December 31, 2022 have not been determined. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain funds on
commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Please see Liquidity and Going Concern above and Note 1 Business
Organization, Nature of Operations and Risks and Uncertainties Liquidity in our consolidated financial statements for further
details on the Company s going concern position as of December 31, 2022. 

As
a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and overall growth strategy, we consider potential acquisitions.
If any of these opportunities were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, issuance of additional
shares or through cash flows from operations, provided that we are able to obtain such funds on terms acceptable to us. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have, during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any relationships with any organizations or financial partnerships,
such as structured finance or special purpose entities, that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance
sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

64 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
contingent assets and liabilities, each as of the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
On an ongoing basis, management evaluates their estimates and assumptions, and the effects of any such revisions are reflected in the
financial statements in the period in which they are determined to be necessary. Management bases their estimates on historical experience
and on various other factors that they believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual outcomes could
differ materially from those estimates in a manner that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our
consolidated financial statements, we believe that certain of these policies and estimates are deemed critical, as they require management s
highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. We have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee
of our Board of Directors. We believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows: 

Valuation
of Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 

We
review goodwill at the reporting unit level and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or when events or circumstances
dictate, more frequently. 

The
impairment review consists of a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more
than 50 that the fair value of a reporting unit or the identified indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount.
Factors considered in the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors,
overall financial performance, entity-specific factors such as changes to the product road map and restructuring changes, and changes
in the Company s share price. 

If
the Company elects to bypass the qualitative assessment, or if the Company concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value
of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value, then the Company performs a one-step quantitative
impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, in order to determine if goodwill is impaired,
and for indefinite-lived intangible assets we compare their carrying value to their fair value. We recognize a loss on impairment in
the event the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible assets carrying value exceeds its fair value. 

Where
a one-step quantitative assessment is required for goodwill, we typically estimate fair value of a reporting unit by utilizing discounted
cash flow models, which may also include a combination of a market-based valuation approach. The estimation of fair value utilizing a
discounted cash flow model includes uncertainties that require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues,
cost of revenues, and development, marketing, and general administrative expenses. The principal assumptions used in the discounted cash
flow model for our 2022 and 2021 impairment assessment were: 

- 
 Forecasted
 net revenues; and 

- 
 Weighted
 average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate) 

The
discounted cash flow model uses the most current projected operating results for the upcoming fiscal year as a base. We discount the
projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital. 

65 

If
the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no write-down of goodwill is required. As amended by ASU No. 2017-04,
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, if the fair value of the reporting
unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, an impairment is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value of
a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit. 

Where
a one-step quantitative assessment is required for our indefinite-lived intangible assets, we compare the carrying value of the asset
to its fair value. We typically determine fair value using either a relief from royalty method for trade names, and a discounted cash
flow model for our other indefinite-lived intangible assets. The principal assumptions used in our cash flow models and relief from royalty
models for our 2022 and 2021 impairment assessments were: 

- 
 Forecasted
 net revenues; 

- 
 Weighted
 average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate); and 

- 
 Royalty
 rate (relief from royalty method only) 

If
the carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. If the fair value exceeds
its carrying value, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. 

Valuation
of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets 

We
review our finite-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on recent and projected cash
flow performance and remaining useful lives, that the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable. We evaluate asset
impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.
The lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities
is at the intangible asset level, with the exception of technology intangible assets which are at the reporting unit level. If estimated
undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying
value exceeds fair value. 

We
typically estimate fair value a cost to recreate valuation technique, however the valuation method used will be dependent on the finite-lived
intangible asset subject to fair value assessment. 

The
principal assumptions used in our cost to recreate model for the interim and annual impairment reviews completed during the year ended
December 31, 2022 were: 

- 
 Number
 of hours to recreate; 

- 
 Rate
 per hour; and 

- 
 Technological
 obsolescence. 

If
the carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. If the fair value exceeds
its carrying value, the finite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. Intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized
on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 

Sales Allowances and Price Protection Reserves 

We
evaluate the collectability of our accounts receivable continuously throughout the year and reduce revenue for estimated future sales allowances
and price protections, which may occur with distributors and retailers channel partners ). 

Price
protection represents our practice to provide channel partners with a credit allowance to lower their wholesale price on a particular
game unit that they have not resold to customers. The amount of the price protection for permanent markdowns is the difference between
the original wholesale price and the new reduced wholesale price. Credits are also given for short-term promotions that temporarily reduce
the wholesale price. 

When
evaluating the adequacy of our sales allowances and price protection reserves, the Company analyzes the following: historical
credit allowances, current sell-through of channel partners inventory of the Company s products, current trends in
retail and the video game industry, changes in customer demand, acceptance of products, and other related factors. In addition, the
Company monitors the volume of sales to its channel partners and their inventories, as substantial overstocking in the distribution
channel could result in higher-than-expected returns or higher price protection in subsequent periods. For the year ended December
31, 2022, the principal assumptions used to develop our sales allowances and price protection reserves were: 

- 
 Expected
 future selling prices 

- 
 Expected
 future sell through of units in the channel 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

As
an emerging growth company , the JOBS Act allows us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable
to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition
period under the JOBS Act. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act until such time as we are no longer
considered to be an emerging growth company. 

Our
analysis of recently issued accounting standards are more fully described in our consolidated financial statements (Note 2 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies in our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021). 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

66 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

67 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

Motorsport
Games Inc. 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Motorsport
Games Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company incurred a net loss of approximately 36.8 million and negative cash flows from
operations of approximately 19.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. These conditions, along with other matters set
forth in Note 1, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The
financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Change in accounting principle 

As discussed in
Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases
on January 1, 2022, due to the adoption of ASC 842, Leases . 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
24, 2023 

F- 1 

MOTORSPORT
GAMES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net
 of allowances of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Due from related parties 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders 
 Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Purchase commitments 

Operating
 lease liabilities (current) 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities (non-current) 
 
 - 
 
 Other non-current liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized
 shares; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, 
 par value; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, 
 par value; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
 2021, respectively 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Total Stockholders 
 Equity Attributable to Motorsport Games Inc. 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

MOTORSPORT
GAMES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues [1] 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Sales and marketing [2] 

Development [3] 

General and administrative
 [4] 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of intangible
 assets 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Loss From Operations 

Interest expense [5] 

Gain attributable to equity
 method investment 
 - 

Other
 expenses, net 

Net
 Loss 

Less:
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net
 Loss Attributable to Motorsport Games Inc. 

Net loss per Class A common
 share attributable to Motorsport Games, Inc.: 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted-average shares
 of Class A common stock outstanding: 

Basic and Diluted 

[1] 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

[2] 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

[3] 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

[4] 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

[5] 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

MOTORSPORT
GAMES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss attributable
 to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive loss attributable
 to Motorsport Games Inc. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

MOTORSPORT
GAMES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Equity 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Games
 Inc. 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Total Stockholders 

Accumulated 
 Equity 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 
 Additional 
 
 Other 
 Attributable to 
 Non- 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Member s 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Motorsport 
 controlling 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Equity 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Games
 Inc. 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balances - January
 1, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion
 of membership interest into share of common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock in initial public offering, net [1] 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock to Ascend and PlayFast 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Purchase
 of additional interest in Le Mans Esports Series Ltd 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of 704Games minority
 interest 
 - 
 - 

ACO investment
 in Le Mans Esports Series Ltd 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 

- 
 
 - 

Other comprehensive
 loss 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balances
 - December 31, 2021 

- 

Equity
 settled issuance costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other comprehensive
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balances
 at December 31, 2022 

- 

[1] 
 less offering costs of . 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

MOTORSPORT
GAMES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Loss on impairment of intangible
 assets 

Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of property
 and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Purchase commitment and
 license liability interest accretion 

Non-cash lease expense 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Gain on equity method investment 
 - 

Sales return and price
 protection reserves 

Changes in assets and liabilities,
 net of acquisitions and the effect of consolidation of equity affiliates: 

Accounts receivable 

Due from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other
 assets 

Other assets 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Due to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 expenses and other liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Acquisition of Le Mans,
 net of cash acquired 
 - 

Acquisition of KartKraft 
 - 

Acquisition of Studio 397 
 - 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Advances from related parties 

Repayments on advances
 from related parties 
 - 

Repayments of purchase
 commitment liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of non-controlling
 interest 
 - 

Contributed capital from
 non-controlling shareholders 
 - 

Payment of license liabilities 

Issuance of common stock
 in initial public offering, net 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock, net 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
 cash equivalents 

Net (decrease) increase
 in cash and cash equivalents 

Total
 cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 

Total
 cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosures
 of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Non-cash investing and financing
 activities: 

Commitment fees settled
 with shares issued to Alumni Capital LLP 
 
 - 
 
 Reduction of member contributions
 in MS Gaming Development LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Accrual of intangible assets 
 - 

Purchase commitment liability 
 - 

Reduction of additional
 paid-in capital for purchased 704Games minority shares 
 - 

Reduction of additional
 paid-in capital for initial public offering issuance costs that were previously paid 
 - 

Purchase of additional
 interest in Le Mans Esports Series Ltd. 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MOTORSPORT
GAMES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid by the Company. 

The Company had a net loss
of approximately 
million, negative cash flows from operations of approximately 
million and an accumulated deficit of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
cash and cash equivalents of 
million, which increased to million as of March 22, 2023, primarily as a result of the completion of certain equity offerings in January and February 2023 that raised an aggregate of 
million in gross proceeds see Note 17 - Subsequent Events for further details. The Company expects to
continue to incur significant operating expenses and, as a result, will need to grow revenues to reach profitability and positive
cash flows. The Company expects to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future
as it continues to develop its product portfolio and invest in developing new video game titles. 

Our
future liquidity and capital requirements include funds to support the planned costs to operate our business, including amounts required
to fund working capital, support the development and introduction of new products, maintain existing titles, and certain capital expenditures.
The adequacy of our available funds generally depends on many factors, including our ability to successfully develop consumer-preferred
new products or enhancements to our existing products, continued development and expansion of our esports platform and our ability to
enter into collaborations with other companies and/or acquire other companies or technologies to enhance or complement our product and
service offerings. 

The
Company continues to explore additional funding in the form of potential equity and/or debt financing arrangements or similar transactions
and consider these to be viable options to support future liquidity needs, provided that such opportunities can be obtained on terms
that are commercially competitive and on terms acceptable to the Company. The Company is also seeking to improve its liquidity by achieving
cost reductions by maintaining and enhancing cost control initiatives, such as those that it expects to achieve through its previously
announced organizational restructuring (the 2022 Restructuring Program ). 

As
the Company continues to evaluate incremental funding solutions, it has reevaluated its product roadmap in the first quarter of 2022
and modified the expected timing and scope of certain new product releases. These changes have been made not only to maintain the development
of high-quality video game titles, but also to improve the timing of certain working capital requirements and reduce expenditures, thereby
decreasing our expected future cash-burn and improve our short-term liquidity needs. If needed, further adjustments could be made that
would decrease short-term working capital requirements, while pushing out the timing of expected revenues. 

The
Company expects to generate additional liquidity through consummating one or more potential equity and/or debt financings or similar
transactions, achieving cost reductions by maintaining and enhancing cost control initiatives, such as those that it expects to achieve
through the 2022 Restructuring Program, and/or further adjusting its product roadmap to reduce near term need for working capital. If
the Company is unable to generate adequate revenue and profit growth, there can be no assurances that such actions will provide the Company
with sufficient liquidity to meet its cash requirements as, among other things, its liquidity position can be impacted by a number of
factors, including its level of sales, costs and expenditures, economic conditions in the capital markets, especially for technology
companies, as well as accounts receivable and sales allowances. 

There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, to satisfy its future
needed liquidity and capital resources. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate funds on acceptable terms, it may be required to,
among other things, significantly curtail or discontinue operations or obtain funds by entering into financing agreements on unattractive
terms. 

If
the Company is unable to satisfy its cash requirements from the sources identified above, it could be required to adopt one or more of
the following alternatives: 

selling
 assets or operations; 

seeking
 additional capital contributions and/or loans from Motorsport Network, the Company s other affiliates and/or third parties;
 and/or 

reducing
 other discretionary spending. 

There
can be no assurance that the Company would be able to take any of the actions referred to above because of a variety of commercial or
market factors, including, without limitation, market conditions being unfavorable for an equity or debt issuance or similar transactions,
additional capital contributions and/or loans not being available from Motorsport Network or affiliates and/or third parties, or that
the transactions may not be permitted under the terms of the Company s various debt instruments then in effect, such as due to
restrictions on the incurrence of debt, incurrence of liens, asset dispositions and related party transactions. In addition, such actions,
if taken, may not enable the Company to satisfy its cash requirements if the actions that the Company is able to consummate do not generate
a sufficient amount of additional capital. 

Even
if the Company does secure additional financing, if the anticipated level of revenues are not
achieved because of, for example, less than anticipated consumer acceptance of the Company s offering of products and events;
less than effective marketing and promotion campaigns, decreased consumer spending in response to weak economic conditions or
weakness in the overall electronic games category; adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates; decreased sales of the
Company s products and events as a result of increased competitive activities by the Company s competitors; changes in
consumer purchasing habits, such as the impact of higher energy prices on consumer purchasing behavior; retailer inventory
management or reductions in retailer display space; less than anticipated results from the Company s existing or new products
or from its advertising and/or marketing plans; or if the Company s expenses, including, without limitation, for marketing,
advertising and promotions, product returns or price protection expenditures, exceed the anticipated level of expenses, the
Company s liquidity position may continue to be insufficient to satisfy its future capital requirements. 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Going Concern , the Company has evaluated whether
there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The factors described above,
in particular the available cash on hand to fund operations over the next year, have raised substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern
and which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business.

million and million, respectively. 

years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 

years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 

useful life - years 

Goodwill
and Other Indefinite-Lived Assets 

The
Company accounts for goodwill and indefinite-lived assets in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC
350 ), which requires goodwill and indefinite-lived assets to be tested for impairment annually or more frequently, if events or
circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset or the reporting unit associated with the goodwill has decreased below its carrying
value. 

The
Company performs its annual or interim goodwill and indefinite-lived asset impairment tests by comparing the fair value of its reporting
units and indefinite-lived assets to their respective carrying values. An entity recognizes an impairment charge for the amount by which
the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived asset or reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The Company has determined that its reporting
units align with its operating segments as defined in the Segment Reporting section below. 

In
evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived assets for impairment, the Company may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is
more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 that the fair value of a reporting unit or the indefinite-lived asset is
less than its carrying amount. If the Company bypasses the qualitative assessment, or if the Company concludes that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived asset is less than its carrying value, then the Company performs
a one-step quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived asset with its carrying amount
and recognizes a loss on impairment in the event the carrying value exceeds the fair value. 

In
assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, the Company utilizes discounted cash flow models and market approach methodologies, such
as the guideline public company and guideline transaction methodologies. The Company fair values its indefinite-lived assets using valuation
methodologies appropriate for the type of asset. Such methods might include discounted cash flow models, relief from royalty and cost
to replace methods. The Company performs its impairment testing as of December 31 of each year or as required if triggering events occur
indicating a potential for impairment. 

Finite-lived
Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets 

Finite-lived
intangible assets subject to amortization are carried at cost less accumulated amortization, and amortized over the estimated useful
life in proportion to the economic benefits received. 

Amortization
of the Company s finite-lived intangible assets is computed using the following useful lives: 

- years 
 
 Software 
 
 - years 
 
 Distribution contracts 
 
 year 
 
 Employment and non-compete agreements 
 
 years 

Finite-lived
intangible assets and other long-lived assets, such as plant and equipment, are subject to the provisions of ASC 360, Property, Plant
and Equipment when determining the extent of impairment losses, if any. 

The
Company evaluates the recoverability of its finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets when events or circumstances indicate
a potential impairment exists. The Company considers certain events and circumstances in determining whether the carrying value of its
finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets, other than indefinite-lived intangible assets, may not be recoverable including,
but not limited to: significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results; significant changes in the use of the
assets; significant negative industry or economic trends; a significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period of time; and
changes in the Company s business strategy. If the Company determines the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Company estimates
the undiscounted cash flows to be generated from the use and ultimate disposition of the asset group to determine whether an impairment
exists. If an impairment is indicated based on a comparison of the asset groups carrying values and the undiscounted cash flows,
the impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value. 

Certain
products are sold to customers with a street date, which is the earliest date these products may be sold by retailers to the end consumer.
For these products, the Company recognizes revenues on the later of the street date and the date the product is sold to our customer. For digitally
delivered games, the Company recognizes revenue when it is available for download or is activated for gameplay. Revenues are recorded net of taxes
assessed by governmental authorities that imposed at the time of the specific revenue generating transaction. 

Payment
terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment immediately upon purchase or within
30 to 90 days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we do not adjust the promised
amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when we expect, at contract inception, that the period between
our transfer of a promised product or service to our customer and payment for that product or service will be one year or less. 

In-game
Revenues 

In-game
revenues primarily consist of revenue earned through the sale of downloadable content that enhances the gameplay experience for the Company s
customers using console, PC or mobile platforms, as well as the purchase of in-game credits for the purchase of downloadable content.
In-game credits can only be used for in-game purchases and are non-refundable. 

Revenue
related to in-game content is recognized at the point in time the Company satisfies its performance obligation, which is generally at
the time the customer obtains control of the in-game content, either by downloading the digital in-game content or by purchasing the
in-game credits. 

Esports

The
Company recognizes sponsorship revenue associated with hosting online esports competition events over the period of time the Company
satisfies its performance obligation under its contracts, which is generally concurrent with the time events are held. If the Company
enters into a contract with a customer to sponsor a series of esports events, the Company allocates the transaction price between the
series of events and recognizes revenue over the period of time each event is held and the Company satisfies its performance obligations. 

Software
Development 

The
Company s software development services primarily include the development of gaming platforms and simulators for external customers,
licenses fees for use of the products commercially, as well as the associated maintenance, training, and support services related to
the deliverables. The contracts with customers set payment milestones over the course of the software development cycle through delivery
of the final product. The contracts also provide maintenance and support services with respect to the furnished product over a specified
length of time after delivery. 

The
milestones set within the software development cycle are not considered to be separately identifiable or distinct from the final product.
Revenue related to the software development is recognized at the point in time the Company delivers, and the customer takes possession
of the final product. Revenue associated with the license, maintenance, training, and support services are recognized over the life of
the agreement for such services. 

Esports 

Total Revenues 

Identifying
Performance Obligations 

Performance
obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred to the customer that are both
capable of being distinct (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on its own or together with other resources
that are readily available) and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is separately identifiable from other goods or
services in the contract). To the extent a contract includes multiple promises, the Company must apply judgment to determine whether
those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. If these criteria are not met, the promises are accounted for as a
combined performance obligation. 

Determining
the Transaction Price 

The
transaction price is determined based on the consideration that the Company will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring
its goods and services to the customer. Determining the transaction price often requires significant judgment based on an assessment
of contractual terms and business practices. It further includes reviewing variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price
protection, and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. See below for additional information regarding the Company s
sales returns and price protection reserves. 

Allocating
the Transaction Price 

Allocating
the transaction price requires the Company to determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance
obligation. 

Principal
Versus Agent Considerations 

The
Company evaluates sales to end customers of its full games and related content via third-party storefronts, including digital storefronts
such as Microsoft s Xbox Store, Sony s PlayStation Store, Nintendo s eShop, Apple s App Store, and Google s
Play Store, to determine whether the Company is acting as the principal or agent in the sale to the end customer. Key indicators that
the Company evaluates in determining gross versus net treatment include but are not limited to the following: 

the
 underlying contract terms and conditions between the various parties to the transaction; 

which
 party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service to the end customer; 

which
 party has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to the end customer; and 

which
 party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service. 

Based
on an evaluation of the above indicators, the Company determined that, apart from contracts with customers where revenue is generated
via the Apple s App Store or Google Play Store, the third party is considered the principal with the end customer and, as a result,
the Company reports revenue net of the fees retained by the storefront. For contracts with customers where revenues are generated via
the Apple s App Store or Google s Play Store, the Company has determined that it is the principal and, as a result, reports
revenues on a gross basis, with mobile platform fees included within cost of revenues. 

Allowances
for Returns and Price Protection 

The
Company may permit product returns from, or grant price protection to, its customers under certain conditions. Price protection represents
the Company s practice to provide channel partners with a credit allowance to lower their wholesale price on a particular game
unit that they have not resold to customers. The amount of the price protection for permanent markdowns is the difference between the
original wholesale price and the new reduced wholesale price. Credits are also given for short-term promotions that temporarily reduce
the wholesale price. 

Allowances
for returns and price protection are considered variable consideration under ASC 606. The Company reduces revenue for estimated future
returns and price protections that may occur with distributors and retailers channel partners ). See Note 2 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies Accounts Receivable for additional details. 

When
evaluating the adequacy of allowances for returns and price protection, the Company analyzes the following: historical credit allowances,
current sell-through of channel partners inventory of the Company s products, current trends in retail and the video game
industry, changes in customer demand, acceptance of products, and other related factors. In addition, the Company monitors the volume
of sales to its channel partners and their inventories, as substantial overstocking in the distribution channel could result in higher-than-expected
returns or higher price protection in subsequent periods. 

The
Company s allowances for returns and price protection as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 
million and 
million, respectively. The Company recognized an expense of approximately 
million and 
million for sales returns and price protections as a reduction of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

and for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Such amounts have been classified within other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Adoption
of Accounting Pronouncement s 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ASU 2016-02 ).
ASU 2016-02 revises an entity s accounting for operating leases and requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease
liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months. This update also requires that lessees recognize assets and liabilities on
the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by all such leases and requires disclosures designed to give financial statement
users information on the amount and timing of lease expenses arising from such leases. These disclosures include certain qualitative
and specific quantitative disclosures. 

The
Company adopted ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective transition approach and has elected the optional transition
method, which allows entities to initially apply the standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the
opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. 

Upon
adoption, ASU 2016-02 did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated balance sheets due to the recognition of approximately
 of operating lease assets and approximately of operating lease liabilities primarily related to real estate and automobiles.
There was no cumulative-effect adjustment of initially applying the guidance to the opening balance of retained earnings. As of December
31, 2022, ASU 2016-02 did not have a material impact on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss or the consolidated
statements of cash flows. 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations: Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts
with Customers , which requires entities to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business
combination in accordance with Topic 606, as if the acquiring entity had originated the related revenue contracts. Early adoption is
permitted, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity that early adopts this guidance in an interim period should
apply the amendments (1) retrospectively to all business combinations for which the acquisition date occurs on or after the beginning
of the fiscal year that includes the interim period of early application and (2) prospectively to all business combinations that occur
on or after the date of initial application. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company early adopted the guidance during the fourth quarter of 2021. Upon adoption, this guidance did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

In
January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-01, Investments Equity Securities Topic 321 ), Investments Equity
Method and Joint Ventures Topic 323 ), and Derivatives and Hedging Topic 815 Clarifying the Interactions
between Topic 321, Topic 323, and Topic 815 (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force) ASU 2020-01 ). The amendments
in this ASU clarify certain interactions between the guidance to account for certain equity securities under Topic 321, the guidance
to account for investments under the equity method of accounting in Topic 323, and the guidance in Topic 815, which could change how
an entity accounts for an equity security under the measurement alternative or a forward contract or purchased option to purchase securities
that, upon settlement of the forward contract or exercise of the purchased option, would be accounted for under the equity method of
accounting or the fair value option in accordance with Topic 825, Financial Instruments . These amendments improve current U.S.
GAAP by reducing diversity in practice and increasing comparability of the accounting for these interactions. The Company adopted ASU
2020-01 on January 1, 2022. Upon adoption, this guidance did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU
2019-12 ). The amendments in ASU 2019-12 simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general
principles in ASC 740. The amendments also improve consistent application of and simplify U.S. GAAP for other areas of ASC 740 by clarifying
and amending existing guidance. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 on January 1, 2022. Upon adoption, this guidance did not have
a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

to , with the Company holding a controlling
financial interest and ACO holding a 49 minority ownership share in Le Mans Esports Series Ltd. 

Pursuant
to the Le Mans Amendment, the parties expanded the primary objective and purpose of Le Mans Esports Series Ltd to include the creation,
development, and publishing of video games based on the FIA World Endurance Championship and the 24 Hours of Le Mans, in addition to
operating, promoting, and running an electronic sports events business replicating races of the FIA World Endurance Championship and
the 24 Hours of Le Mans on an electronic video gaming platform. 

Pursuant
to the Le Mans Amendment, if the board of directors of Le Mans Esports Series Ltd determines that its working capital requirements for
the development of future games exceeds its resources, the Company will be obligated to contribute such additional funding to Le Mans
Esports Series Ltd as a loan (which would not be interest bearing). Any such loan would be repayable when additional funding was
no longer required by Le Mans Esports Series Ltd, as determined by its board of directors, provided that any such repayment would occur
prior to Le Mans Esports Series Ltd s distribution of any of its profits to the shareholders of Le Mans Esports Series Ltd. 

Further,
pursuant to the Le Mans Amendment, the Company has a right to priority distribution of profits to recoup the additional funding and royalty
payments that serve as the consideration for the Le Mans Video Gaming License (as defined below). 

On
January 25, 2021, simultaneously with the execution of the Le Mans Amendment, Le Mans Esports Series Ltd and ACO entered into a license
agreement pursuant to which Le Mans Esports Series Ltd was granted an exclusive license to use certain licensed intellectual property
described in such license agreement for motorsports and/or racing video gaming products related to, themed as, or containing the FIA
World Endurance Championship and the 24 Hours of Le Mans (including Le Mans Esports Series Ltd s esports web platform) (the Le
Mans Video Gaming License ). 

The
Le Mans Video Gaming License s term is 10 years starting on the date of the first release of a product and automatically renews
for an additional 10-year term, unless ACO elects not to renew. In exchange for the Le Mans Video Gaming License, the Company agreed
to fund up to (approximately USD as of December 31, 2022) as needed by Le Mans Esports Series Ltd to develop
video game products, which will be contributed on an as-needed basis during the term of the Le Mans Video Gaming License. Additionally,
the Company is obligated to pay ACO an annual royalty payment beginning from the time of the launch of the first video game product and
continuing through each anniversary thereof for the term of the license. 

On
January 25, 2021, Le Mans Esports Series Ltd and ACO entered into an esports license agreement pursuant to which Le Mans Esports Series
Ltd was granted an exclusive license to use certain licensed intellectual property described in such license agreement for motorsports
and/or racing esports events related to, themed as, or containing the FIA World Endurance Championship and the 24 Hours of Le Mans (including
the Le Mans Esports Series Ltd s esports web platform) (the Le Mans Esports License ). 

The
Le Mans Esports License s term is through January 25, 2031, which automatically renews for an additional 10-year term, unless ACO
elects not to renew. The Le Mans Esports License was granted to Le Mans Esports Series Ltd on a royalty-free basis in consideration of
the investments already made into Le Mans Esports Series Ltd by the Company and ACO. 

On
January 25, 2021, Le Mans Esports Series Ltd and ACO entered into another esports license agreement pursuant to which Le Mans Esports
Series Ltd was granted an exclusive license to use certain licensed intellectual property described in such license agreement to run,
promote, and exploit the 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual event (the 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual License ). 

The
24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual License s term is through January 25, 2031, which will automatically renew for an additional 10-year
term, unless ACO elects not to renew. The 24 Hours of Le Mans Virtual License was granted to Le Mans Esports Series Ltd on a royalty-free
basis in consideration of the investments already made into Le Mans Esports Series Ltd by the Company and ACO. 

The
following key assumptions were utilized by the Company to determine the fair value of the acquired intangible assets: (i) revenue projections;
(ii) risk-free rate, which was estimated based on the rate of treasury securities with the same term as the mid-period of the projection
periods; and (iii) revenue volatility, which was estimated based on an analysis of historical asset volatilities for similar companies
and adjusted for operating leverage to estimate revenue volatility. 

Other assets 

Gaming license 

Esports licenses 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable 
 
 - 

Non-controlling interest 

Total
 Fair value of Member s equity 

Fair
 value of the previously held interest 

Fain value of the
 consideration 

Following
the Company s acquisition of additional interest in Le Mans Esports Series Ltd on January 25, 2021, the Company ceased equity method
accounting for its interest in Le Mans Esports Series Ltd and commenced consolidation accounting. 

Results
of operations of Le Mans Esports Series Ltd for the period from January 25, 2021 to December 31, 2021 included approximately 
in revenues and approximately in net losses. 

The
acquisition of Le Mans Esports Series Ltd has been recorded in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 .
 The transactions were taxable for income tax purposes and all assets and liabilities have been recorded at fair value for both book
and income tax purposes. 

KartKraft 

On
March 19, 2021, the Company acquired all assets comprising the KartKraft computer video game from Black Delta Holdings PTY, Black Delta
Trading Pty Ltd and Black Delta IP Pty Ltd. (collectively, Black Delta ). The purchase price for the assets was ,
of which was paid at closing and was transferred to an escrow account, which was released in September 2021 on the
6-month anniversary of closing. Through this acquisition, the Company entered the simulated kart-racing space and formed Motorsport Games
Australia to support the Black Delta development team. 

Software 

Employment Non-Compete 

Total Consideration 

Results
of operations of KartKraft for the period from March 18, 2021 to December 31, 2021 included revenues of approximately and approximately
 in net losses. 

The
KartKraft acquisition has been recorded in accordance with ASC 805. The transactions were taxable for income tax purposes and all assets
and liabilities have been recorded at fair value for both book and income tax purposes. 

Studio397 

On
April 20, 2021, the Company closed the transactions contemplated by the share purchase agreement, dated April 1, 2021 (the SPA ),
with Luminis International BV Luminis and Technology In Business B.V. TIB pursuant to which the Company
purchased from TIB 100 of the share capital (the Studio397 Shares of Studio397 B.V. Studio397 ). Studio397
is a racing simulation and technology company that provides the industry-leading racing simulation platform, rFactor 2. Since early 2020,
Studio397 has been providing its vehicle physics, tire modeling and artificial intelligence software to the Company s video games. 

The
purchase price for the Studio397 Shares was , payable in the following two installments: was paid at closing (the
 Completion Payment and in April 2022 on the first anniversary of closing (the Deferred Payment ).
The Deferred Payment was discounted to using a discount rate as of the acquisition date with a payment date of April
20, 2022. The balance of the Deferred Payment as of December 31, 2021 was . 

To
secure the Company s payment of the Deferred Payment, the Company granted a right of pledge on of the Studio397 Shares Pledged
Shares by means of execution of a deed of pledge at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the SPA. The voting rights
attached to the Pledged Shares will be transferred to TIB if and to the extent that the Company fails to pay the Deferred Payment within
30 business days following receipt of TIB s notice of any such failure. 

On
April 22, 2022, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the First SPA Amendment amending the terms of (i) the SPA
and (ii) the related deed of pledge that secured the Company s payment of the million Deferred Payment due under the SPA.
 million payment. Further, pursuant to the First SPA Amendment, secured obligations under
the deed of pledge were correspondingly reduced from 3.2 million to 2.2 million following the finalization of an amendment to the deed
of pledge on May 12, 2022 . The million payment was made on April 30, 2022. 

On
July 21, 2022, the Company entered into an additional letter agreement (the
 Second SPA Amendment to further amend the terms of paid on July 31, 2022; for the period August 15, 2022,
through December 15, 2022 monthly installments of ; and for the period beginning on January 15, 2023, monthly installments
of until the remaining deferred payment is satisfied. The Second SPA Amendment also calls for interest on the deferred
payment balance effective on July 19, 2022. The remaining balance of the Deferred Payment as of December 31, 2022 was 
with unpaid accrued interest of approximately . 

The
Studio397 acquisition has been recorded in accordance with ASC 805. The purchase price allocation for total invested capital was based
on preliminary estimates of fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, with excess allocated
to goodwill. Goodwill represents synergies from combining the operations of the acquiree with the Company, as well as other intangible
assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes and the transaction itself was deemed
taxable for income tax purposes. All assets and liabilities have been recorded at fair value for both book and income tax purposes. 

was completed as of the Studio397 acquisition date. The aggregate
purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows: 
 
 Fixed assets 
 - 
 - 

rFactor 2 Trade Name 

Software 

Employment Non-Compete Agreements 

Internally developed franchise 

Goodwill 

Total
 Consideration 

Total
acquisition-related costs and expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition of Studio397 were immaterial. 

Studio397 s
results of operations for the period from April 20, 2021 to December 31, 2021 included approximately in revenues and 
in net losses. On an unaudited pro forma basis, if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2021, the Company s consolidated
revenues and net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 would have been approximately and , respectively. 

Trade debtors 

Paid
 in advance 

Total
 current assets 

Less current liabilities: 

Trade creditors 

Advance invoices/payments 

Audit costs 

Holiday allowances 

Bonuses 

Taxes
 and social securities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Debt
 free net working capital deficit 

The
Studio397 acquisition has been recorded in accordance with ASC 805. The transaction was taxable for income tax purposes and all assets
and liabilities have been recorded at fair value for both book and income tax purposes. 

704Games
Company 

On
April 16, 2021, the Company closed the transactions contemplated by each of (i) the share exchange agreement with PlayFast Games, LLC,
a North Carolina limited liability PlayFast ), dated as of March 11, 2021, as amended by that certain amendment dated as
of April 1, 2021 (as amended, the PlayFast Exchange Agreement and (ii) the share exchange agreement with Ascend FS, Inc.,
a British Columbia corporation Ascend ), dated as of March 14, 2021, as amended by that certain amendment dated as of April
1, 2021 (as amended, the Ascend Exchange Agreement ). As a result, the Company acquired all of the remaining issued and
outstanding equity interests in 704Games, which represented of 704Games. 

The
transactions contemplated by the PlayFast Exchange Agreement and the Ascend Exchange Agreement were structured as a merger of 704Games
Company with and into 704Games LLC, a newly-formed Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with
704Games LLC being the surviving entity in such merger. The merger consideration issued to (i) PlayFast with respect to the shares of
common stock of 704Games Company it surrendered in such merger consisted of newly-issued shares of the Company s Class
A common stock with a fair market value at such date of and in cash and (ii) Ascend with respect to the shares
of common stock of 704Games Company it surrendered in such merger consisted of newly-issued shares of the Company s Class
A common stock with a fair market value of and in cash. 

Computer software and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Property and equipment,
gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

each, the first of which was due on June 5, 2020 and the second installment
paid on May 29, 2022. Following the initial fee, the agreement also requires the Company to pay royalties, including certain minimum
annual guarantees, on an ongoing basis to BARC and to meet certain product distribution, marketing and related milestones, subject to
termination penalties. 

The
Company capitalized the initial license fee and present value of committed future minimum royalty payments as a license intangible asset
in the amount of approximately . The Company considers this to be a non-amortizing intangible asset until such point the Company
begins to generate revenues under the BTCC license, at which amortization will be recorded, and as such the asset has been monitored
for impairment triggers throughout the year. As such, no amortization expense has been recognized in respect of this asset during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a remaining liability in connection with the
licensing agreement of approximately and , respectively, which is included in other non-current liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

INDYCAR 

On
July 13, 2021, the Company entered into a license agreement (the INDYCAR Gaming License with INDYCAR LLC INDYCAR ).
Pursuant to the INDYCAR Gaming License, INDYCAR granted the Company with a license to use certain licensed intellectual property (described
in the INDYCAR Gaming License) for motorsports and/or racing video gaming products related to, themed as, or containing the INDYCAR SERIES.
The INDYCAR Gaming License is a long-term agreement, in connection with which the parties intend to form an exclusive relationship for
the development of video games to be the official video games of the INDYCAR SERIES. 

In
exchange for the INDYCAR Gaming License, the Company will pay to INDYCAR an annual development fee through the date of launch, after
which INDYCAR will receive a royalty equal to a certain percentage of sales of physical and digital video gaming products, subject to
certain minimum guarantees. The Company has agreed under the INDYCAR Gaming License to provide advertising and publicity to bring the
INDYCAR SERIES racing video gaming products to the attention of as many purchasers and potential purchasers as possible. 

Additionally,
the Company and INDYCAR entered into a license agreement pursuant to which, the Company was granted a license to use certain licensed
intellectual property described in such license Licensed IP for motorsports and/or racing esports events related to,
themed as, or containing the INDYCAR SERIES (including the rFactor 2 platform) (the INDYCAR Esports License ). The INDYCAR
Esports License is a long-term agreement, in connection with which the parties intend to form an exclusive relationship for the development
of events to be the official esports events of the INDYCAR SERIES, which include the esports events related to and/or themed as or containing
the Licensed IP and related features which, prior to launch, are hosted on the Company s rFactor 2 and, after launch of the products,
are hosted using the products. In exchange for the INDYCAR Esports License, INDYCAR will receive, on an annual basis, a royalty equal
to a certain percentage of the net revenue (as defined in the INDYCAR Esports License) derived from or in connection with the events
during the previous calendar year. 

The
Company capitalized the initial license fee and present value of committed future minimum royalty payments as a license intangible asset
in the amount of approximately . The Company considers this to be a non-amortizing intangible asset until such point the Company
begins to generate revenues under the INDYCAR Esports License, at which amortization will be recorded, and as such the asset has been
monitored for impairment triggers throughout the year. As such, no amortization expense has been recognized in respect of this asset
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a remaining liability in connection
with the licensing agreement of approximately and , respectively, which is included as current and other non-current
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Acquisitions 

Esports licenses 

Total 

In
connection with the acquisition of KartKraft, the Company acquired the following intangible assets (See Note 3 Acquisitions
 for additional details): 

Intangible
 Asset 
 Useful Life 
 Cost 
 
 KartKraft Trade Name 

Software 

Employment Non-Compete 

Total 

In
connection with the acquisition of Studio397, the Company acquired the following intangible assets (See Note 3 Acquisitions
 for additional details): 

Intangible
 Asset 
 Useful
 Life 
 Cost 
 
 Software 

rFactor
 2 Trade Name 

Employment
 Non-Compete Agreements 

Total 

Impairment 

The
Company completed interim impairment assessments for its indefinite- and finite-lived intangible assets for the interim periods ended
March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, following the identification of triggering events, in addition to its annual impairment assessment
performed as of December 31, 2022. 

As
a result of these assessments, the Company determined the carrying value of its rFactor 2 trade, Le Mans Gaming License and rFactor
2 software technology exceeded their respective fair values, recognizing impairment losses of million, million and 
million, respectively, for the interim period ended March 31, 2022. For the interim period June 30, 2022, the Company recognized
additional impairment losses of million related to the rFactor 2 trade name. An additional million of impairment
losses with respect of the rFactor 2 trade name was recognized at the annual impairment assessment date of December 31,
2022. 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2022 interim impairment review, the primary triggers were changes made to the Company s product
roadmap in the first quarter of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, which resulted in changes to the scope and timing of certain
product releases, as well as changes in the value of the Company s market capitalization which had reduced significantly since
December 31, 2021. These changes were made by the Company to better align the product roadmap with the Company s ability to produce
and release high quality games. 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2022 interim impairment review, the primary triggers were the ongoing reduction in the
Company s share price, the receipt of a deficiency letter notice from NASDAQ and the Company s ongoing uncertain
liquidity position. No indicators of impairment were identified as of September 30, 2022. The interim period impairment assessments
indicated that the carrying value of the rFactor 2 trade name and Le Mans video gaming license indefinite-lived intangible assets,
as well as its rFactor 2 finite-lived technology, were lower than their respective carrying values. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company performed its annual indefinite-lived and finite-lived intangible asset impairment reviews, electing
to bypass the optional qualitative assessment and performed quantitative impairment assessments for all of its indefinite-lived and finite-lived
intangible assets. 

The
Company determined the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets using a relief-from-royalty method for the trade name, a
discounted cash flow valuation model for the Le Mans Gaming License and a cost to recreate valuation model for the finite-lived
technology intangible asset. For all impairment assessments performed, the impairment loss for indefinite- and finite-lived
intangible assets was primarily driven by a reduction in expected future revenues, following changes to the Company s product
roadmap, as well as changes to the discount rates applied, royalty rates and technological obsolescence assumptions used in the
valuation models. The principal assumptions used in each of the relief-from-royalty method assessments used to determine the fair
value of the rFactor 2 trade name consisted of forecasted revenues, royalty rate and weighted average cost of capital (i.e., the
discount rate), while the principal assumptions used in each of the discounted cash flow valuation models used to value the Le Mans
Gaming License were forecasted revenues and weighted average cost of capital. The principal assumptions used determining the fair
value of the finite-lived technology intangible asset were number of production hours, cost per hour and technological obsolescence.
The Company considers these assumptions to be judgmental and subject to risk and uncertainty, which could result in further changes
in subsequent periods. 

The
impairment loss is presented as impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated statements of operations. 

- 
 - 

Additions 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Impairment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Amortization 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Additions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Amortization 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 - 

- 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

Weighted average remaining amortization
 period at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Amortization
 expense 

- 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

- 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Amortization
 expense 

- 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

million, is as follows: 

 SCHEDULE OF ESTIMATED AGGREGATE AMORTIZATION EXPENSE OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

For
 the Years Ending December 31, 
 Total 
 
 2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Estimated
 aggregate amortization expense 

- 

Goodwill 
 
 - 

Goodwill attributable to Le Mans Esports Series Ltd 
 - 

Goodwill attributable to Studio397 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation
 adjustment 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Goodwill 

Impairment loss 

Foreign exchange 
 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Goodwill 

Accumulated impairment loss 

- 
 - 
 - 

The
Company identified triggering events on March 31, 2022 that indicated its goodwill associated with the acquisition of Studio397 B.V. Studio397 was at risk of impairment and as such, performed a quantitative impairment assessment to determine whether
the fair value of the associated reporting unit exceeded its fair value. The primary triggers for the impairment review were changes
made to Motorsport Games product roadmap during the three months ended March 31, 2022, which resulted in changes to the scope
and timing of certain product releases, as well as changes in the value of Motorsport Games market capitalization which had reduced
significantly subsequent to December 31, 2021, the date of the last impairment assessment. 

As
a result of the March 31, 2022 interim impairment assessment, the Company determined the carrying value of its Gaming reporting unit
exceeded its fair value and the associated goodwill was fully impaired. Impairment losses of approximately million have been recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2022, reducing the carrying value of the Company s goodwill to . As such, no further impairment
assessments have been completed subsequent to the March 31, 2022 interim assessment. 

The
Company determined the fair value of the Gaming reporting unit using a discounted cash flow valuation model. The impairment loss was
primarily driven by a reduction in expected future revenues, following changes to the Company s product roadmap, as well as a higher
discount rate applied in the valuation model. The principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model were forecasted
revenues and weighted average cost of capital (i.e., the discount rate). 

The
impairment loss is presented as impairment of goodwill in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Operating lease expense 
 G A 

Total lease costs 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating
 leases 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for
 new lease obligations 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less effects of imputed
 interest 

Present value of lease
 liabilities 

New
lease agreements 

On
February 8, 2022, the Company entered into a new lease agreement with Lemon City Group, LLC, an entity affiliated with our majority shareholder,
Motorsport Network, for office space located in Miami, Florida (the New Lemon City Lease ). The base rent from the New Lemon City
Lease was fixed at approximately per month. On August 10, 2022, the Company provided written notice to terminate the New Lemon
City Lease in accordance with the terms of the lease agreement, without penalty, resulting in a lease modification and the remeasurement
of the lease liability and right-of-use asset balances associated with the modified lease which terminated on October 9, 2022. No gain
or loss was recognized within the consolidated statement of operations as a result of the lease modification. 

On
November 1, 2022 the Company entered into a new lease agreement with Lisi Side LTD Lisi for office space located in Tbilisi,
Republic of Georgia (the Tbilisi Lease ). The leased space is for use by the Company s product development personnel.
The term of the lease is years, which commenced on November 30, 2022, and calls for monthly payments of per month in arrears.
The Tbilisi Lease can be terminated by the Company upon 90 days written notice with no penalty or in the event of Lisi s breach
of contract to the Tbilisi Lease, where such breach has not been cured for more than 15 days from the Company s written notice
of such breach. The Tbilisi Lease does not contain any options for extension, however, the agreement allows modification at any time by
written agreement between the Company and Lisi. 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued consulting fees 

Accrued development costs 

Esports prize money 

Accrued taxes 

Accrued payroll 

Deferred revenue 

Loss contingency reserve (see Note
 13) 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued other 

Total 

million Line of Credit with the Company s majority stockholder, Motorsport Network, that provides the Company with a line of credit of up to 
million at an interest rate of per annum, the availability of which is dependent on Motorsport Network s available liquidity.
On November 23, 2020, the Company and Motorsport Network entered into an amendment to the million Line of Credit, effective in 2020,
pursuant to which the availability under the million Line of Credit was increased from million to million, with no changes
to the other terms. The million Line of Credit does not have a stated maturity date and is payable upon demand at any time at the
sole and absolute discretion of Motorsport Network. The Company may prepay the million Line of Credit in whole or in part at any
time or from time to time without penalty or charge. In the event the Company or any of its subsidiaries consummates certain corporate
events, including any capital reorganization, consolidation, joint venture, spin off, merger or any other business combination or restructuring
of any nature, or if certain events of default occur, the entire principal amount and all accrued
and unpaid interest will be accelerated and become payable. 

On
September 8, 2022, the Company entered into a support agreement with Motorsport Network (the Support Agreement pursuant
to which Motorsport Network issued approximately million (the September 2022 Cash Advance to the Company in accordance
with the million Line of Credit, the proceeds of which the Company is using for general corporate purposes and working capital. In
the Support Agreement, Motorsport Network and the Company terminated the Side Letter Agreement dated September 4, 2020 and agreed that
until June 30, 2024, Motorsport Network would not demand repayment of the September 2022 Cash Advance or other advances under the 12
million Line of Credit unless and until such time that any of the following shall occur or exist: . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was not required to make any repayments to Motorsport Network under the September 2022
Cash Advance or the million
Line of Credit. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company owed approximately million
of principal and accrued interest on the million
Line of Credit, compared with approximately as
of December 31, 2021. On January 30, 2023 and February 1, 2023, the Company entered into certain debt-for-equity exchange agreements
with Motorsport Network pursuant to which the entire outstanding amount due under the million
Line of Credit was cancelled in exchange for an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock issued to Motorsport
Network. See Note 17 Subsequent Events for further information. 

Given the state of the financial
markets, the Company continues to assess its exposure to any potential non-performance by Motorsport Network and believes that there is
a substantial likelihood that Motorsport Network may not fulfill the Company s future borrowing requests. 

During
both the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded related party interest expense of 
 million. 

of the Company s voting interest, at which
time the promotion agreement will terminate automatically, unless otherwise extended by the parties. The Company agreed to give Motorsport
Network an exclusive first look on any media-related activity in consideration of the promotion services. 

In
January 2020, the Company entered into a three-year services agreement (the Services Agreement with Motorsport Network,
pursuant to which Motorsport Network will provide exclusive legal, development and accounting services on a full-time basis to support
the Company s business functions. The Services Agreement can be extended by mutual agreement and may be terminated by either party
at any time. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, the Company is required to pay monthly fees to Motorsport Network as follows: (i) 
for legal services, (ii) for accounting services and (iii) on an hourly, per use basis, from to per hour for development
services. On March 23, 2023, the Company entered into a new services agreement with Motorsport Network.
See Note 17 Subsequent Events for additional information. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was approximately and , respectively, related to the Services Agreement included
within due to related parties on the consolidated balance sheets. 

On
February 8, 2022, the Company entered into the New Lemon City Lease with Lemon City Group, LLC, an entity affiliated with our majority
shareholder, Motorsport Network, for office space located in Miami, Florida, which was subsequently terminated on August 10, 2022, effective
on October 9, 2022. See Note 7 Leases for further information. 

In
addition to the million Line of Credit, the Company had other related party receivables and payables outstanding as of December 31,
2022 and 2021. Specifically, the Company owed approximately million to its related parties as a related party payable and was due
approximately million from its related parties as a related party receivable as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company owed approximately million to its related parties as a related party payable and was due approximately 
million from its related parties as a related party receivable. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 
million and million, respectively, has been paid to related parties in settlement of related party payables. 

of the membership interests held by the sole member of Motorsport Gaming, Motorsport Network, converted into an aggregate
of (i) shares of Class A common stock of Motorsport Games, with , and (ii) shares of , of Motorsport Games, after giving effect for the 1-10 reverse stock split that was completed on November 10,
2022. The converted stock represented all of the outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock immediately following the corporate
conversion. Motorsport Network is the only holder of shares of the Company s Class B common stock and does not have any transfer,
conversion, registration or economic rights with respect to such shares of Class B common stock. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
January 15, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering of shares of its Class A common stock at a price to the public
of per share, which includes the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase from the Company an additional
 shares of the Company s Class A common stock, after giving effect for the 1-10 reverse stock split that was completed on
November 10, 2022. The net proceeds to the Company from the initial public offering were , after deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions and offering expenses paid by the Company during 2020 and 2021. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
November 10, 2022, the 

Stock
Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 704Games has outstanding ten-year warrants to purchase 
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 
per share that were issued on October 2, 2015. As of December 31, 2022, the warrants had no intrinsic value and a remaining
contractual term of 
years. 

Stock
Purchase Agreement 

On
August 18, 2020, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with HC2 Holdings 2, Inc. HC2 and Continental General
Insurance Company Continental pursuant to which the Company purchased an aggregate of shares of common stock
of 704Games at a price of per share for an aggregate consideration of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company recognized an adjustment to non-controlling interest and additional paid-in capital of in connection with the purchase
of the shares of common stock. 

On
April 16, 2021, the Company closed the transactions contemplated by each of (i) the share exchange agreement with PlayFast, dated as
of March 11, 2021, as amended by that certain amendment dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended, the PlayFast Exchange Agreement and (ii) the share exchange agreement with Ascend, dated as of March 14, 2021, as amended by that certain amendment dated as of April
1, 2021 (as amended, the Ascend Exchange Agreement ). As a result, the Company acquired all of the remaining equity interests
in 704Games Company. 

The
transactions contemplated by the PlayFast Exchange Agreement and the Ascend Exchange Agreement were structured as a merger of 704Games
Company with and into 704Games LLC, a newly-formed Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with
704Games LLC being the surviving entity in such merger. newly-issued shares of the Company s Class
A common stock with a fair market value of and in cash and (ii) Ascend with respect to the shares of common stock
of 704Games Company it surrendered in such merger consisted of newly-issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock
with a fair market value of and in cash . 

Stock
Purchase Commitment Agreement 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into a stock purchase commitment agreement (the Alumni Purchase Agreement with
Alumni Capital LP Alumni Capital ), which provides that the Company may sell to Alumni Capital up to 
of shares (the commitment amount of the Company s Class A common stock, through the commitment period expiring
on December 31, 2023, or earlier if the commitment amount is reached. Furthermore, the Company has an option to increase the
commitment amount up to 
of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The Alumni Purchase Agreement provides that the aggregate number of
shares issued to Alumni Capital cannot exceed 
shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment, which is equal to approximately 19.99 of the shares of the Company s
Class A and Class B common stock combined (the Exchange Cap ), unless shareholder approval is obtained. In all
instances, the Company may not sell shares of its Class A common stock to Alumni Capital and its affiliates under the Alumni Purchase Agreement if it would result in Alumni Capital beneficially owning more that 9.99 of the Company s outstanding
shares of Class A common stock. 

As
consideration for Alumni Capital s commitment to purchase the shares of the Company s Class A common stock, a commitment
fee of two percent of the commitment amount was issued to Alumni Capital in shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the initial
commitment shares ). Upon execution of the Alumni Purchase Agreement, the Company issued initial commitment shares of
the Company s Class A common stock with a fair market value of . In the event the Company exercises its option to increase
the commitment amount, the Company is obligated to issue additional commitment shares of the Company s Class A common stock, equal
to two percent of such increase in the commitment amount. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not exercised the option to increase
the commitment amount. 

On
December 12, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of the Company s Class A common stock to Alumni Capital under the Alumni Purchase Agreement, with a fair market value
of .
As of December 31, 2022, the remaining commitment amount under the Alumni Purchase Agreement amounted to . See Note 17 Subsequent Events for information regarding additional issuances to Alumni Capital under
the Alumni Purchase Agreement after December 31, 2022. 

shares of Class A common stock to be available for issuance. As of December 31, 2022, 
shares of Class A common stock were available for issuance under the MSGM 2021 Stock Plan. Shares issued in connection with awards
made under the MSGM 2021 Stock Plan are generally issued as new issuances of Class A common stock. 

In
conjunction with the Company s initial public offering, the Company granted an aggregate of shares of Class A common, with
an aggregate grant date fair value of . These shares were primarily awarded to a third-party consultant, with a portion allocated
to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and three of its directors. The grant date fair value of these shares was recognized as
stock-based compensation expense on the date of grant as the awards were fully vested on such date. 

The
Company issued stock options under its MSGM 2021 Stock Plan during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. The majority of
the options issued under the MSGM 2021 Stock Plan have time-based vesting schedules, typically vesting ratably over a three-year period.
Certain stock option awards differed from this vesting schedule, notably awards made to the Company s Chief Executive Officer in
conjunction with the Company s initial public offering that vested immediately, as well as those made to Motorsport Game s
directors that vested on the one-year anniversary of award issuance. All stock options issued under the MSGM 2021 Stock Plan expire 
years from the grant date. 

Fair
Value Valuation Assumptions 

The
fair value of the stock options and stock appreciation rights are estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The estimation
of fair value for these awards is affected by subjective and complex variables, which are typically based on historical information.
Judgment is required to determine if historical trends are indicators of future outcomes. 

Key
assumptions of the Black-Scholes option pricing model are the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected term and expected dividends.
The Company determined the risk-free interest rate using U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of the grant that matched the expected
term of the options. Expected volatility is based on a combination of historical stock price volatility, as well as implied volatilities,
of comparable publicly traded companies with operations similar to Motorsport Games over a 10-year period, consistent with the contractual
term of the options. The Company calculated the expected term using the simplified method as prescribed by the SEC s Staff Accounting
Bulletin, topic 14 SAB Topic 14 ). This
decision was based on the lack of relevant historical data due to the Company s limited historical experience. The dividend yield
was zero, as the Company has never declared or paid dividends and has no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. 

Share-based
compensation expense recognized is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and therefore has been reduced for actual forfeitures
occurring within the period. 

- 
 
 Expected volatility 

- 
 
 Weighted-average volatility 

Expected term 
 
 years 
 
 - years 
 
 Expected dividends 

Weighted-average grant date fair value per share 

Stock
Options 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited, cancelled
 or expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Vested and expected
 to vest 

- 
 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

- 

The
following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Options 
 Weighted- 
 Average Exercise Prices 
 Weighted-Average 
 Remaining Contractual Term (in years) 
 Aggregate
 Intrinsic Value 
 
 Outstanding as of January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited, cancelled
 or expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Vested and expected
 to vest 

- 
 
 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 

The
aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value based on the Company s closing stock price as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, which would have been received by the option holders had all the option holders exercised their options as of those
dates. There were no stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. The Company issues new
Class A common stock from its authorized shares upon the exercise of stock options. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

Sales and marketing 

Development 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 

As
of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options was which will be recognized over approximately
 years. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

On
April 3, 2017, as amended on August 8, 2018, 704Games effected the 2017 Appreciation Plan SAR Plan that provides a means
whereby directors, officers, employees, consultants or advisors of 704Games can be granted Stock Appreciation Rights SARs as incentive compensation measured by reference to the value of common stock. A total of SARs may be granted under the SAR Plan.
The SARs granted under the SAR Plan that vest were required to be settled in cash only upon the occurrence of a change of control event,
as defined in the SAR Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the outstanding shares were settled in cash for in connection
with the acquisition of the remaining equity interest in 704Games during the second quarter of 2021. 

million and for loss contingencies, respectively. 

As
previously disclosed, on February 11, 2021, HC2 Holdings 2 Inc. (now known as Innovate 2) and Continental General Insurance Company,
former minority stockholders of 704Games, filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against the
Company, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and the
manager of Motorsport Network. The complaint was later amended and added Leo Capital Holdings LLC as an additional plaintiff and the
controller of Motorsport Network as an additional individual defendant. The complaint alleges, among other things, purported
misrepresentations and omissions concerning 704Games financial condition made in connection with the Company s purchase
of these minority shareholders interest in 704Games in August and October 2021. The complaint asserts claims under Section
10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder; Section 20(a)
of the Exchange Act; Section 20A of the Exchange Act; breach of the Company s obligations under the Stockholders 
Agreement dated August 14, 2018; fraudulent inducement; breach of fiduciary duties; and unjust enrichment. The plaintiffs seek,
among other things, damages from the defendants, jointly and severally, based on the alleged difference between the fair market
value of the shares of common stock of 704Games on the date of plaintiffs sale and the purchase price that was paid, as well
as punitive damages and other relief. In May 2021, the Company, along with the other defendants, filed a motion to dismiss the
plaintiffs complaint. On March 28, 2022, the court entered an order denying the motion to dismiss. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company has accrued 
million in loss contingencies as it relates to this case, which represents the Company s probable reasonable estimable
exposure. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had not accrued any amounts for contingencies. See Note 17 Subsequent
Events for additional information regarding a settlement agreement entered into among the Company, the other defendants and
Continental in January 2023. 

On
March 22, 2021, the Company entered into a binding term sheet (as amended, the Digital Tales Term Sheet with EleDa s.r.l. EleDa in connection with a contemplated acquisition by the Company of the shares of Digital Tales USA, LLC, a Florida
limited liability company. The Digital Tales Term Sheet expired on September 30, 2021, and the Company and EleDa did not consummate any
transaction by such date, nor does the Company expect to complete any such transaction. On September 29, 2021, EleDa filed a complaint
in the Eleventh Judicial Circuit Court of Florida against the Company and its Chief Executive Officer relating to the expiration of the
Digital Tales Term Sheet, without having consummated any transaction. In November 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiffs 
complaint and EleDa filed an amended complaint on February 2, 2022. The Company filed a motion to extend case management deadlines on
March 2, 2022. The Company subsequently completed an out of court settlement with the plaintiff in April 2022, paying EleDa
 as consideration for a full release and dismissal of all claims. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement, effective as of January 1, 2020, with Dmitry Kozko, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
for a term expiring on December 31, 2024. After such term expires, Mr. Kozko will be employed as an employee at will. Mr.
Kozko s base salary will be per annum, subject to annual increases to of the base salary paid to Mr. Kozko in the
prior calendar year. Mr. Kozko is entitled to participate (in addition to the additional incentive compensation described below) in all
equity incentive plans generally available to the Company s executive officers, subject to the compensation committee of the Company
determining any awards and performance metrics for such awards under any such plans. Mr. Kozko is also entitled to certain additional
incentive compensation outside of the Company s equity incentive plans, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions pursuant
to Mr. Kozko s employment agreement. Mr. Kozko s employment agreement also provides for payments to him and/or vesting acceleration
of certain equity awards upon the termination of his employment in certain circumstances and upon a Change in Control (as
such term is defined in the employment agreement), as applicable. 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement, effective as of October 1, 2020, with Stephen Hood, President of Motorsport Games, which
replaced Mr. Hood s prior employment agreement. Pursuant to this employment agreement, Mr. Hood was entitled to a base salary of
 per year, was eligible to receive a discretionary bonus and had the right to participate in the Company s group pension
plan for UK employees. In addition, other than in connection with a termination for cause as specified in the agreement, the Company
was required to provide Mr. Hood notice in writing three months in advance of any termination of employment. However, the Company could
terminate Mr. Hood immediately by paying a sum equal to his gross basic salary (less any deductions) in lieu of this notice period or
any remaining part of it. Following the consummation of the Company s initial public offering in January 2021, Mr. Hood s
gross salary increased to (which was to be paid in pound sterling at the then applicable exchange rate). Subject to consummation
of the initial public offering, Mr. Hood was paid a one-time cash bonus of (subject to the applicable withholding and deductions)
payable to Mr. Hood 90 days after the consummation of the Company s initial public offering. Mr. Hood was also entitled to receive
an annual stock option award for such number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock that will equal his then applicable
annual base salary divided by the closing trading price of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of each such grant, which
would vest in three equal annual installments from the date of grant. . 

Joint
Venture Agreement 

On
March 15, 2019, Motorsport Games (Party B) entered into a joint venture agreement with ACO (Party A), whereby Motorsport Games acquired
45 B Shares, which represented of the equity interests of Le Mans Esports Series Ltd, and ACO acquired the remaining 55 A Shares,
which represented of the equity interests of Le Mans Esports Series Ltd. Under the joint venture agreement, Motorsport Games and
ACO are jointly and severally liable for the fulfillment of the obligations of Le Mans Esports Series Ltd. The parties agreed to make
the following in-kind contributions to Le Mans Esports Series Ltd: 

i. 
 ACO
 has and will continue to provide a dedicated team to develop and implement the business and has and will continue to make the 24
 Hours of Le Mans brand available to Le Mans Esports Series Ltd under a separate license agreement; and 

ii. 
 Motorsport
 Games has provided and will continue to provide a dedicated team to develop and implement the business and has and will continue
 to make itself and its employees, who have experience in e-sports and e-gaming platforms, available to develop the business and create
 a dedicated gaming platform for use by and to facilitate the continued development of the business. 

On
January 25, 2021, the Company entered into the Le Mans Amendment that increased the Company s ownership interest in the joint venture
from to . Additionally, through certain multi-year licensing agreements that were entered into in connection with the Le Mans
Amendment, the Company secured the rights to be the exclusive video game developer and publisher for the 24 Hours of Le Mans race and
the WEC, as well as the rights to create and organize esports leagues and events for the 24 Hours of Le Mans race, the WEC and the 24
Hours of Le Mans Virtual event. In exchange for certain of these license rights, the Company agreed to fund up to (approximately 
 USD as of December 31, 2022) as needed for development of the video game products, to be contributed on an as-needed basis
during the term of the applicable license. See Note 3 Acquisitions for additional information. 

Epic
Lease Agreement 

On
August 11, 2020, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with Epic Games International Epic for worldwide licensing
rights to Epic s proprietary computer program known as the Unreal Engine 4. Pursuant to the agreement, upon payment of the initial
license fee described below, the Company was granted a nonexclusive, non-transferable and terminable license to develop, market and sublicense
(under limited circumstances and subject to conditions of the agreement) certain products using the Unreal Engine 4 for its next generation
of games. 

In
exchange for the license, the agreement required the Company to pay Epic an initial license fee of , which was paid during the
year ended December 31, 2020. An additional was paid during the year ended December 31, 2021 to add the Xbox and PlayStation
platforms to the license. The Company will pay Epic a license fee royalty payment equal to of product revenue, as defined in the licensing
agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Epic earned royalties of approximately thousand under the
agreement. During a two-year support period, Epic will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Company with updates to the
Unreal Engine 4 and technical support. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Company has the right to actively develop new or existing
authorized products during a 5-year period ending on August 11, 2025. 

Minimum
Royalty Guarantees 

The
Company is required to make certain minimum royalty guarantee payments to third-party licensors, arising primarily from its NASCAR, INDYCAR
and BTCC licenses, Le Mans Video Gaming License and Le Mans Esports License. These minimum royalty guarantee payments apply throughout
the duration of the licensing agreements, which expire between fiscal years ending December 31, 2024 and 2032, and give rise to a commitment
of approximately million, in the aggregate, for the duration of these arrangements. The Company made million in cash payments
in order to comply with the license agreements minimum royalty guarantees during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. 

Purchase
Commitment Liabilities 

paid on July 31, 2022; for the period August 15, 2022, through December 15, 2022 monthly installments of ; and for
the period beginning on January 15, 2023, monthly installments of until the remaining deferred payment is satisfied. The remaining
balance of the Deferred Payment as of December 31, 2022 was with unpaid accrued interest of approximately . See Note
3 Acquisitions for additional details. 

Bad
 debts 

Stock
 options 

Charitable
 contribution carryforward 

Goodwill 

Unrealized gain 

Other intangible assets 

Other
 assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities: 

Depreciable
 assets 

Other
 intangible assets 

- 

Total
 Liabilities 

Net
 asset before valuation allowance 

Valuation
 allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 deferred tax (liability) asset 

- 

- 

State
 income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

IPO
 Acquisition Costs 

() 
 
 Permanent
 differences and other 

() 

() 
 
 Change
 in valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Other
 adjustments 

() 

() 
 
 Effective
 income tax rate 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had United States federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards available to reduce future
taxable income in the amount of 
 million, which do not expire due to changes made
by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). As a result of the 704Games, LLC acquisition during the 2018 tax year, certain pre-change federal
and state net operating losses were limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and were subject to a valuation allowance
to the extent they are not expected to be realized in the foreseeable future. 

In assessing whether the
Company s deferred tax assets will be realized, management considered whether it was more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the ability to generate
future taxable income (including reversals of deferred tax liabilities) during periods in which temporary differences become deductible.
A valuation allowance was recognized as of December 31, 2022, as management concluded that is not more likely than not that the Company
will generate sufficient future income to utilize the NOL carryforward and realize the deferred tax assets. 

We
do not have any unrecorded unrecognized tax positions UTPs as of December 31, 2022. While we currently do not have any
UTPs, it is foreseeable that the calculation of our tax liabilities may involve dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex
tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. ASC 740 states that a tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions
of any related appeals or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits. Upon identification of a UTP, we would (1) record
the UTP as a liability in accordance with ASC 740 and (2) adjust these liabilities if/when management s judgment changes as a result
of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Ultimate resolution of UTPs may produce a result that is materially different
from an entity s estimate of the potential liability. In accordance with ASC 740, we would reflect these differences as increases
or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. We recognize and include interest and penalties
accrued on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. 

The
Company regularly assesses the likelihood of additional tax assessments by jurisdiction and, if necessary, adjusts its tax reserves based
on new information or developments. The Company is not currently under any income tax audits or examinations, however, the tax years
2019-2022 remain open for examination. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

Total 

The
following table sets forth information as to each customer that accounted for 10 or more of the Company s accounts receivable
as of: 

December
 31, 

Customer 
 
 2022 

2021 

Customer
 A 

Customer
 B 

Customer
 C 

- 

Customer
 D 

- 

Total 

A
reduction in sales from or loss of these customers, in a significant amount, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s
results of operations and financial condition. 

Supplier
Concentrations 

Supplier
 B 

- 

Supplier
 C 

- 

Total 

reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were (i) the development and publishing of interactive racing
video games, entertainment content and services (the Gaming segment and (ii) the organization and facilitation of esports
tournaments, competitions and events for the Company s licensed racing games as well as on behalf of third-party video game racing
series and other video game publishers (the esports segment ). The Company s CODM has been
identified as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources
and assessing performance for the entire Company. Segment information is presented based upon the Company s management organization
structure as of December 31, 2022 and the distinctive nature of each segment. Future changes to this internal financial structure may
result in changes to the reportable segments disclosed. There are no inter-segment revenue transactions and, therefore, revenues are
only to external customers. As the Company primarily generates its revenues from customers in the United States, no geographical segments
are presented. 

Segment
operating profit is determined based upon internal performance measures used by the CODM. The Company derives
the segment results from its internal management reporting system. The accounting policies the Company uses to derive reportable segment
results are the same as those used for external reporting purposes. Management measures the performance of each reportable segment based
upon several metrics, including net revenues, gross profit and operating loss. Management uses these results to evaluate the performance
of, and to assign resources to, each of the reportable segments. The Company manages certain operating expenses separately at the corporate
level and does not allocate such expenses to the segments. Segment income from operations excludes interest income/expense and other
income or expenses and income taxes according to how a particular reportable segment s management is measured. Management does
not consider impairment charges, and unallocated costs in measuring the performance of the reportable segments. 

Esports 

Total Revenues 

Cost of Revenues: 

Gaming 

Esports 

Total Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit: 

Gaming 

Esports 

Total Gross Profit 

Loss From Operations: 

Gaming 

Esports 

Total Loss From Operations 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Gaming 

Esports 

Total Depreciation and
 Amortization 

Interest Expense, net: 

Gaming 

Esports 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Interest Expense,
 net 

Gain Attributable to Equity Method Investment: 

Gaming 
 - 

Esports 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Gain Attributable
 to Equity Method Investment 
 - 

Other Expense, net: 

Gaming 

Esports 

Total Other Expense,
 net: 

Net Loss: 

Gaming 

Esports 

Total Net Loss 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Total Assets: 

Gaming 

Esports 

Total Assets 

million to Continental. The Company paid an initial payment of approximately 
million on January 17, 2023, and is obligated to make payments of no less than approximately 
every 30 days after the initial payment date until the settlement amount of 
million is paid in full. As of March 24, 2023, all required payments under the settlement agreement have been made. 

On
January 6, 2023, pursuant to the Alumni Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of the
Company s Class A common stock to Alumni Capital, with an approximate fair market value of million. On January 19, 2023, the
Company issued an additional shares of the Company s Class A common stock to Alumni Capital, with an approximate fair market
value of million. On January 27, 2023, the Company issued a further shares of the Company s Class A common stock to
Alumni Capital, with an approximate fair market value of million. As of the date these consolidated financial statements were issued,
the remaining commitment amount under the Alumni Purchase Agreement amounted to approximately million. 

On
January 30, 2023, the Company entered into a debt-for-equity exchange agreement with Motorsports Network, where the Company issued to
Motorsport Network shares of the Company s Class A common stock with an approximate fair market value of million, representing
a portion of the Company s outstanding debt (including the principal and unpaid interest) under the million Line of Credit.
On February 1, 2023, the Company entered into a second debt-for-equity exchange agreement with Motorsports Network, where the Company
issued to Motorsport Network shares of the Company s Class A common stock with an approximate fair market value of 
million, representing the Company s remaining debt outstanding (including the principal and unpaid interest) under the million
Line of Credit. The shares of the Company s Class A common stock issued to Motorsport Network on January 30, 2023, and February
1, 2023 under the debt-for-equity exchange agreements were issued in consideration for the cancellation of all amounts outstanding under
the million Line of Credit. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock in a registered direct offering priced
at-market under NASDAQ rules, with a fair market value of approximately million (the million RDO ), before deducting
placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. H.C. Wainwright 
Co., LLC Wainwright acted as the exclusive placement agent for the million RDO ,
pursuant to the engagement letter with the Company, dated as of January 9, 2023. In connection with the million RDO ,
the Company paid Wainwright a cash transaction fee equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds from the registered direct offering,
non-accountable expenses of and closing fees of . The Company has also issued to Wainwright warrants to purchase up to
 shares of Class A Common Stock, which is equal to of the aggregate number of shares
of Class A Common Stock placed in the million RDO, at an exercise price of per share and will expire five years from the
closing of the million RDO. 

On
February 2, 2023, the Company issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock in a registered direct offering priced
at-market under NASDAQ rules, with a fair market value of approximately million (the million RDO ), before deducting
placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. Wainwright acted as the
exclusive placement agent for the million RDO . In connection with the million
RDO , the Company paid Wainwright a cash transaction fee equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds
from the registered direct offering, non-accountable expenses of and closing fees of . The Company has also issued to
Wainwright warrants to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock, which is equal to
 of the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock placed in the million RDO, at an exercise price of per share
and will expire five years from the closing of the million RDO. 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock in a registered direct offering priced
at-market under NASDAQ rules, with a fair market value of approximately million (the million RDO ), before deducting
placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. Wainwright acted as the
exclusive placement agent for the million RDO . In connection with the million
RDO , the Company paid Wainwright a cash transaction fee equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds
from the registered direct offering, non-accountable expenses of and closing fees of . The Company has also issued to
Wainwright warrants to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock, which is equal to
 of the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock placed in the million RDO, at an exercise price of per share
and will expire five years from the closing of the million RDO. 

The
net proceeds from the million RDO on February 1, 2023, the million RDO on February 2, 2023, and million RDO on February
3, 2023, are intended for use in the development of multiple games, working capital and general corporate purposes. 

On March 23, 2023 (but
effective as of January 1, 2023), the Company entered into a new Backoffice Services Agreement with Motorsport Network (the
 New Services Agreement ), following the expiration of the Services Agreement. Pursuant to the New Services Agreement,
Motorsport Network will provide management, operational (including by employing and assigning the applicable personnel to perform
relevant management and/or operational functions), accounting, payroll, employee benefits, human resources and other back-office services on a full-time basis to support the
Company s business functions. The term of the New Services Agreement is 12 months from the effective date. The term will
automatically renew for successive 12-month terms unless either party provides written notice of nonrenewal at least 30 days prior
to the end of the then-current term. The New Services Agreement may be terminated by either party at any time with a 60-day prior
notice. Pursuant to the New Services Agreement, the Company is required to pay a monthly fee to Motorsport Network of . 

F- 44 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) described below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management, under the supervision and with participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment of internal control over financial
reporting, our management used the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded we did not maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weaknesses identified below. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to issue an attestation report on our internal control over financial
reporting until we are no longer an emerging growth company (as defined in the JOBS Act) and a non-accelerated filer. 

Material
Weaknesses 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

We
did not maintain effective controls over (i) the documentation of significant accounting positions, estimates and conclusions that were
not contemporaneously formalized and reviewed independently of the preparer, (ii) the segregation of duties and (iii) we did not design
and maintain effective monitoring procedures and controls to evaluate and monitor the effectiveness of our individual control activities.
These material weaknesses could result in misstatements to our account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement
to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. The material weaknesses identified
in subclauses (i) and (ii) above were previously described in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. 

68 

Remediation 

We
are actively engaged in the design and implementation of remedial measures to address the material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting. We are committed to improving our internal control processes and resolving our control deficiencies, including
the material weaknesses identified above. 

To
date, we have taken and will continue to take the actions described below to remediate the identified material weaknesses. As the remediation
efforts are ongoing, we will continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting and may implement
additional measures, or modify the remedial actions described below, as considerate appropriate, to remediate the identified material
weaknesses. 

Steps taken to remediate these
material weaknesses include the implementation of formal policies, procedures and controls, including activities designed to evaluate
the reliability of critical spreadsheets and system generated reports, establishment and operation of a Disclosure Committee and the roll-out
of a Delegation of Authority Matrix that will help to identify and maintain appropriate segregation of duties across financially significant
processes. We have taken measures to implement formal independent review processes and minimum documentation requirements fpr significant
accounting positions and management estimates, including consideration of underlying assumptions and judgments, where applicable, that
are used in the financial statement preparation and reporting process. In addition, the Company has hired additional qualified finance
and accounting personnel, including the hiring of a new Chief Financial Officer with SEC reporting experience. 

The
Company continues to evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls across various business processes and
accordingly, our management plans to continue its efforts to remediate the identified material weaknesses and remains committed to
improving our internal control processes, activities and resolving identified deficiencies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except
as described above, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation
pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

On
March 23, 2023 (but effective as of January 1, 2023), we entered into a new Backoffice Services Agreement with Motorsport Network (the
 New Services Agreement ), following the expiration of the Services Agreement. Pursuant to the New Services Agreement, Motorsport
Network will provide accounting and other back-office services on a full-time
basis to support the Company s business functions. The term of the New Services Agreement is 12 months from the effective date
of such agreement. The term will automatically renew for successive 12-month terms unless either party provides written notice of nonrenewal
at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term. The New Services Agreement may be terminated by either party at any time
with a 60-day prior notice. Pursuant to the New Services Agreement, the Company is required to pay a monthly fee to Motorsport Network
of 17,500. 

The
foregoing description of the New Services Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety
by, the full text of the New Services Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

69 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this Item 10 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

70 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 Documents
 filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements . The consolidated financial statements listed on the index set forth on page F-1 of this Report are filed as a part
 of this Report. 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules . All financial statement schedules have been omitted since the information is either not applicable or required
 or is included in the financial statements or notes thereof. 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Incorporated
 by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing 
 Date 
 
 Filed/Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Plan
 of Conversion of Motorsport Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-251501 
 
 2.1 
 
 1/11/21 

2.2 
 
 Delaware
 Certificate of Conversion 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-251501 
 
 2.2 
 
 1/11/21 

2.3 
 
 Florida
 Articles of Conversion 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-251501 
 
 2.3 
 
 1/11/21 

2.4 
 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 14, 2018, by and between 704Games Company and Motorsport Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 2.4 
 
 12/18/20 

2.5 
 
 Plan
 of Merger, dated as of April 16, 2021, between 704Games Company and 704 Games LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 2.1 
 
 4/20/21 

3.1.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of Motorsport Games Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-251501 
 
 3.3 
 
 1/11/21 

3.1.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Motorsport Games Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/10/22 

3.2.1 
 
 Bylaws
 of Motorsport Games Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-251501 
 
 3.4 
 
 1/11/21 

3.2.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Bylaws of Motorsport Games Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 3.2 
 
 11/10/22 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Merger of 704Games LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/20/21 

4.1 
 
 Form
 of Class A common stock Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/18/20 

71 

4.2 
 
 Description of Motorsport Games Inc. s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 

X 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Wainwright Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-251501 
 
 4.1 
 
 2/2/23 

10.1 
 
 Services
 Agreement, dated January 1, 2020, by and between Motorsport Network, LLC and Motorsport Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.1.1 
 
 Backoffice Services Agreement, dated March 23, 2023 (but effective as of January 1, 2023), by and between Motorsport Network, LLC and Motorsport Games Inc. 

X 

10.2.1 
 
 Exclusive
 Promotion Agreement, dated August 3, 2018, by and between Motorsport Network, LLC and Motorsport Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.2.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.2.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Exclusive Promotion Agreement, effective as of December 1, 2020, by and between Motorsport Network, LLC and Motorsport Gaming
 US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.2.2 
 
 12/18/20 

10.3 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated April 1, 2020, by and between Motorsport Network, LLC and Motorsport Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/18/20 

10.4 
 
 Stockholders 
 Agreement, dated August 14, 2018, by and among Gaming Nation Inc., PlayFast Games, LLC, Leo Capital Holdings, LLC, HC2 Holdings 2,
 Inc., Continental General Insurance Company, Motorsport Gaming US LLC and 704Games Company 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.4 
 
 12/18/20 

10.5 
 
 Joint
 Venture Agreement, dated March 15, 2019, by and among Automobile Club de l Ouest, Motorsport Gaming US LLC and Le Mans Esports
 Series Limited 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.5 
 
 12/18/20 

10.5.1 
 
 Amendment
 No.1, dated January 25, 2021, to Joint Venture Agreement, dated March 15, 2019, between Motorsport Games Inc. and Automobile Club
 de l Ouest 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/27/21 

10.6.1 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of Racing Pro League, LLC, effective March 1, 2019 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.6.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.6.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated December 11, 2020 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.6.2 
 
 12/18/20 

72 

10.7.1 
 
 License
 Agreement, dated February 11, 2020, by and between National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, LLC and Racing Pro League, LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.7.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.7.2 
 
 Amendment
 to License Agreement, dated December 11, 2020, by and between National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, LLC and Racing Pro
 League, LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.7.2 
 
 12/18/20 

10.8.1 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement, dated January 1, 2019, by and between 704Games Company and NASCAR Team Properties 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.8.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.8.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Second Amended Distribution and License Agreement, dated November 30, 2020, by and between 704Games Company and NASCAR Team Properties 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.8.2 
 
 12/18/20 

10.9 
 
 License
 Agreement, dated May 29, 2020, by and between BARC (TOCA) Limited and Motorsport Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.9 
 
 12/18/20 

10.10.1 
 
 Distribution
 Agreement, dated April 18, 2016, by and between U I Entertainment, LLC and 704Games Company LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.10.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.10.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Distribution Agreement, dated November 23, 2020, by and between U I Entertainment, LLC and 704Games Company 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.10.2 
 
 12/18/20 

10.11.1+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2020, by and between Motorsport Gaming US LLC and Dmitry Kozko 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.11 
 
 12/18/20 

10.11.2+ 
 
 Amendment,
 dated June 18, 2021, to Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2020, by and between Motorsport Games Inc. and Dmitry Kozko 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/21/21 

10.11.3+ 
 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2022, by and between Motorsport Games Inc. and Dmitry Kozko 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/21/22 

10.12+ 
 
 Offer
 Letter, effective as January 3, 2020, by and between Motorsport Gaming US LLC and Jonathan New 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.12 
 
 12/18/20 

73 

10.13.1+ 
 
 Statement
 of Terms and Conditions of Employment, dated June 26, 2018, by and between Autosport Media UK Limited and Stephen Hood 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.13.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.13.2+ 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated April 5, 2019, by and between Autosport Media UK Limited and Stephen Hood 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.13.2 
 
 12/18/20 

10.13.3+ 
 
 Statement
 of Terms and Conditions of Employment, dated October 1, 2020, by and between Motorsport Games Limited and Stephen Hood 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.13.3 
 
 12/18/20 

10.14.1 
 
 Promotional
 Services Agreement, dated July 20, 2020, by and between Motorsport Gaming US LLC and Fernando Alonso Diaz 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.14.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.14.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Promotional Services Agreement, dated November 23, 2020, by and between Motorsport Gaming US LLC and Fernando Alonso Diaz 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.14.2 
 
 12/18/20 

10.15.1+ 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Motorsport Games Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, dated November 10, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/10/22 

10.15.2+ 
 
 Form
 of UK Approved Company Share Option Plan (Sub-Plan to the Motorsport Games Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.15.2 
 
 12/31/20 

10.15.3+ 
 
 Form
 of UK Motorsport Games Incentive Plan (Sub-Plan to the Motorsport Games Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.15.3 
 
 12/31/20 

10.16+ 
 
 Form
 of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement Under the Motorsport Games Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.16 
 
 12/18/20 

10.17+ 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Award Agreement Under the Motorsport Games Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.17 
 
 12/18/20 

10.18 
 
 Grant
 of the Right of First Refusal, dated May 19, 2020, by and between Motorsport Gaming US LLC and Luminis International B.V. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.18 
 
 12/18/20 

74 

10.19 
 
 Software
 Development and License Agreement, dated May 19, 2020, by and between Motorsport Gaming US LLC and Studio397 B.V. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.19 
 
 12/18/20 

10.20 
 
 License
 Agreement, dated August 11, 2020, by and between Epic Games International S. .r.l. and MS Gaming Development LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.20 
 
 12/18/20 

10.21 
 
 Xbox
 Console Publisher License Agreement, by and between Microsoft Corporation and 704Games Company 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.21 
 
 12/18/20 

10.22 
 
 PlayStation
 Global Developer and Publisher Agreement, by and among Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc., Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC,
 Sony Computer Entertainment Europe Ltd. and 704Games Company 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.22 
 
 12/18/20 

10.23 
 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 18, 2020, by and among HC2 Holdings 2, Inc., Continental General Insurance Company and Motorsport
 Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.23 
 
 12/18/20 

10.24+ 
 
 Form
 of Stock Option Award Agreement to Dmitry Kozko 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.24 
 
 12/18/20 

10.25 
 
 Lease
 Agreement, dated May 15, 2020, by and between Lemon City Group, LLC and 704Games Company 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.25 
 
 12/18/20 

10.26 
 
 Side
 Letter Agreement relating to Promissory Note, dated September 4, 2020, by and between Motorsport Network, LLC and Motorsport Gaming
 US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.26 
 
 12/18/20 

10.27 
 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement, dated October 6, 2020, by and among Leo Capital Holdings, LLC and Motorsport Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.27 
 
 12/18/20 

75 

10.28 
 
 Amendment
 to Promissory Note, dated November 23, 2020, by and between Motorsport Network, LLC and Motorsport Gaming US LLC 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 10.28 
 
 12/18/20 

10.29 
 
 License
 Agreement, effective as of January 25, 2021, between Automobile Club de l Ouest and Le Mans Esports Series Ltd 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/27/21 

10.30 
 
 License
 Agreement, effective as of January 25, 2021, between Automobile Club de l Ouest and Le Mans Esports Series Ltd 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/27/21 

10.31 
 
 License
 Agreement, effective as of January 25, 2021, between Automobile Club de l Ouest and Le Mans Esports Series Ltd 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.4 
 
 1/27/21 

10.32 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, among Motorsport Games Inc., Motorsport Games Australia PTY LTD, Black Delta Trading PTY
 LTD, Black Delta IP PTY LTD and Black Delta Holdings PTY LTD 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/22/21 

10.33.1 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2021, among Motorsport Games Inc., Luminis International B.V. and Technology In Business B.V. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/1/21 

10.33.2 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated April 22, 2022, to amend Share Purchase Agreement and Pledge of Shares among Motorsport Games Inc., Luminis International
 B.V., Technology In Business B.V. and certain Technology In Business B.V. shareholders parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/28/2022 

10.33.3 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated July 21, 2022 but effective as of July 19, 2022, to further amend Share Purchase Agreement and Pledge of Shares
 Among Motorsport Games Inc., Luminis International B.V., Technology In Business B.V. and certain Technology In Business B.V. shareholders
 parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/22/22 

76 

10.34.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between Motorsport Games Inc. and PlayFast Games, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/12/21 

10.34.2 
 
 Amendment,
 dated as of April 1, 2021, to Share Exchange Agreement among Motorsport Games Inc., 704Games Company and PlayFast Games, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/2/21 

10.35.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement, dated March 14, 2021, between Motorsport Games Inc. and Ascend FS, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/15/21 

10.35.2 
 
 Amendment,
 dated as of April 1, 2021, to Share Exchange Agreement among Motorsport Games Inc., 704Games Company and Ascend FS, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/2/21 

10.36 
 
 License
 Agreement, effective as of July 13, 2021, between Motorsport Games Inc. and INDYCAR LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/15/21 

10.37 
 
 License
 Agreement, effective as of July 13, 2021, between Motorsport Games Inc. and INDYCAR LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/15/21 

10.38 
 
 Lease
 Agreement, dated February 8, 2022, by and between Lemon City Group, LLC and Motorsport Games Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/10/22 

10.39 
 
 Support
 Agreement, dated September 8, 2022, by and between Motorsport Games Inc. and Motorsport Network, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/8/22 

10.40+ 
 
 Consulting
 Services Agreement, dated October 4, 2022, by and between Motorsport Games Inc. and TechCXO, LLC (John Delta) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/14/22 

10.41+ 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2022, between Motorsport Games Inc. and John Delta 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/18/22 

10.42 
 
 Purchase
 Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, between Motorsport Games Inc. and Alumni Capital LP 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/9/22 

10.43+ 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2022, between Motorsport Games Inc. and Andrew Jacobson 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/27/22 

10.44+ 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023, between Motorsport Games Inc. and Navtej Singh Sunner 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/13/23 

77 

10.45 
 
 Settlement
 Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2023, among Motorsport Games Inc., Continental General Insurance Company, Counsel to Continental
 and other defendants name therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/18/23 

10.46 
 
 Debt-For-Equity
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2023, between Motorsport Games Inc. and Motorsport Network, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/30/23 

10.47 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, between Motorsport Games Inc. and the purchaser identified on the
 signature page thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/2/23 

10.48 
 
 Debt-For-Equity
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, between Motorsport Games Inc. and Motorsport Network, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/2/23 

10.49 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2023, between Motorsport Games Inc. and the purchaser identified on the
 signature page thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/3/23 

10.50 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2023, between Motorsport Games Inc. and the purchaser identified on the
 signature page thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/6/23 

16.1 
 
 Letter
 from Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP to the SEC, dated September 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39868 
 
 16.1 
 
 9/7/21 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Motorsport Games Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-251501 
 
 21.1 
 
 12/18/20 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

X 

78 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 

X 

Portions
 of the exhibit, marked by brackets, have been omitted because the omitted information (i) is not material and (ii) would likely cause
 competitive harm if publicly disclosed. 

+ 
 Indicates
 management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

79 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 March 24, 2023 
 MOTORSPORT
 GAMES INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Dmitry Kozko 

Dmitry
 Kozko 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

By: 
 /s/
 Dmitry Kozko 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 
 
 March
 24, 2023 

Dmitry
 Kozko 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Jason Potter 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 24, 2023 

Jason Potter 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 John Delta 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 

John
 Delta 

By: 
 /s/
 Andy Jacobson 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 

Andy
 Jacobson 

By: 
 /s/
 Nav Sunner 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 

Nav
 Sunner 

80 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

As
of December 31, 2022, Motorsport Games Inc. we, us, Motorsport Games or the Company had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 7,000,000 shares of Class B common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,183,808 shares of
Class A common stock and 700,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Effective on November 10, 2022,
we amended our certificate of incorporation to effectuate a reverse split of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock
and Class B common stock at a ratio of 1-for-10. There was no change in the par value of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock
as a result of the reverse stock split. All Class A common stock and Class B common stock share data and share-based calculations
set forth in this Exhibit 4.2 have been adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split on a retroactive basis. 

The
following summary description is based on the provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions
of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). This description is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in
its entirety by reference to, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part, and the DGCL. You should read our certificate of incorporation,
our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the DGCL for a complete statement of the provisions described below and for other provisions
that may be important to you. 

Common
Stock 

Prior
to January 8, 2021, we operated as a Florida limited liability company under the name Motorsport Gaming US LLC. On January 8, 2021, Motorsport
Gaming US LLC converted into a Delaware corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion and changed its name to Motorsport Games Inc. 

Effective
as of January 8, 2021, 100 of the membership interests held by the sole member of Motorsport Gaming US LLC, Motorsport Network, LLC Motorsport Network ), converted into an aggregate of (i) 7,000,000 shares of Class A common stock of Motorsport Games Inc.
(the MSN Initial Class A Shares and (ii) 7,000,000 shares of Class B common stock of Motorsport Games Inc., representing
all of the outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock immediately following the corporate conversion. Motorsport Network
is the only holder of shares of our Class B common stock and does not have any transfer, conversion, registration or economic rights
with respect to such shares of Class B common stock. In the event Motorsport Network or its affiliates relinquish beneficial ownership
of any of the MSN Initial Class A Shares at any time, one share of Class B common stock held by Motorsport Network will be cancelled
for each such MSN Initial Class A Share no longer beneficially owned by Motorsport Network or its affiliates. Any pledge of MSN Initial
Class A Shares by Motorsport Network or its affiliates will not constitute a relinquishment of such beneficial ownership. The MSN Initial
Class A Shares and shares of Class B common stock held by Motorsport Network will be adjusted in equal proportions for any stock dividend,
stock split or similar transaction undertaken by the Company. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and holders
of our Class B common stock are entitled to 10 votes for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The holders
of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by law. Under our
certificate of incorporation, approval of the holders of a majority of the Class B common stock will be required to increase or decrease
the number of authorized shares of our Class B common stock, and the approval of two-thirds of the Class B common stock will be required
to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision inconsistent with, or otherwise alter, any provision of our certificate of incorporation that
modifies the voting, par value, conversion or other rights, powers, preferences, special rights, privileges or restrictions of the Class
B common stock. In addition, Delaware law could require either holders of our Class A common stock or our Class B common stock to vote
separately as a single class in the following circumstances: 

if
 we were to seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares or par
 value of a class of stock, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment; and 

if
 we were to seek to amend our certificate of incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or special rights
 of a class of stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve
 the proposed amendment. 

Dividends 

Subject
to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of shares of Class A common stock
are entitled to dividends when and as declared by our board of directors from funds legally available therefor if, as and when determined
by our board of directors in its sole discretion, subject to provisions of law and any provision of our certificate of incorporation,
as amended from time to time. The holder of Class B common stock will not be entitled to receive any dividends with respect to the shares
of Class B common stock, except dividends payable in shares of Class B common stock or rights to acquire shares of Class B common stock
that may be declared and paid to the holder of Class B common stock to proportionally adjust for dividends payable in shares of Class
A common stock or rights to acquire shares of Class A common stock that are declared and paid to the holders of Class A common stock. 

Liquidation 

In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of our Class A common stock
and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available
for distribution to stockholders after the payment of or provision for all of our debts and other liabilities, and the preferential rights
of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. The holder of Class B common stock
will not be entitled to receive any liquidation distributions with respect to the shares of Class B common stock. 

Fully
Paid and Non-Assessable 

All
outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Other
Matters 

There
are no preemptive, conversion or redemption privileges, nor sinking fund provisions with respect to our common stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation,
powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case
without further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any
series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by
our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely
affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility
in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change in control of our Company and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other
rights of the holders of our common stock. We have no current plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

Certain
provisions of Delaware law, as well as our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, may have the effect of delaying, deferring or
discouraging another person from acquiring control of us. These provisions include the items described below. They are also designed,
in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits
of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of
discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Delaware
Law 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a
 business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction
in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

the
 business combination or transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder was approved by the board
 of directors prior to the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder; 

upon
 consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
 owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding shares owned
 by directors who are also officers of the corporation and shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do
 not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer;
 or 

at
 or subsequent to the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the business combination was approved by the board of
 directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote
 of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

In
general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines a business combination to include mergers, asset sales and other transactions
resulting in financial benefit to a stockholder and an interested stockholder as a person who, together with affiliates
and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. 

A
Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation
or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from an amendment approved by at least a majority of
the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control
attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing changes in
control of our Company. 

Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions 

Our
certificate of incorporation and our bylaws include a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes
in control of our board of directors or management team, including the following: 

Dual
Class Stock 

As
described above in Common Stock Voting, our certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common
stock structure, which will provide the holder of Class B common stock with significant influence over matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or
its assets. 

Each
share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote, while each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes. Motorsport
Network is the only holder of shares of our Class B common stock and does not have any transfer, conversion, registration or economic
rights with respect to such shares of Class B common stock. In the event Motorsport Network or its affiliates relinquish beneficial ownership
of any of the MSN Initial Class A Shares at any time, one share of Class B common stock held by Motorsport Network will be cancelled
for each such MSN Initial Class A Share no longer beneficially owned by Motorsport Network or its affiliates. Any pledge of MSN Initial
Class A Shares by Motorsport Network or its affiliates will not constitute a relinquishment of such beneficial ownership. The MSN Initial
Class A Shares and shares of Class B common stock held by Motorsport Network will be adjusted in equal proportions for any stock dividend,
stock split or similar transaction undertaken by the Company. 

Board
of Directors Vacancies 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws authorize only our board of directors to fill vacant directorships, including newly created seats.
In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by
a majority vote of our entire board of directors. These provisions would prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board
of directors and then gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes
it more difficult to change the composition of our board of directors and promotes continuity of management. 

Stockholder
Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board
of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our President, thus prohibiting a stockholder
from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or
for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. 

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our
bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate
candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the
form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions might preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual
meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not
followed. We expect that these provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies
to elect any potential acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. 

Removal
of Directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that directors may only be removed for cause and upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the
outstanding voting power of our capital stock voting together as a single class. 

No
Cumulative Voting 

The
DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s certificate
of incorporation provides otherwise. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Amendment
of Charter and Bylaw Provisions 

Amendments
to our certificate of incorporation will require the approval of two-thirds of the outstanding voting power of our common stock. Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of our outstanding voting power voting
as a single class is required for stockholders to amend or adopt any provision of our bylaws. 

Issuance
of Undesignated Preferred Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue shares of undesignated preferred stock with
rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized
but unissued shares of preferred stock would enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means. 

Board
Classification 

Our
board of directors is divided into two classes, with an alternating class being elected each year by our stockholders. The directors
in each class will serve for a two-year term. A third party may be discouraged from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to
obtain control of us because it is more difficult and time-consuming for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors on a classified
board. 

Exclusive
Forum 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action
asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or (iv) any
action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware;
provided that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange
Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in
another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide that the federal
district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of
action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision.
Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law for the specified
types of actions and proceedings, these provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.
There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions
in other companies charter documents has been successfully challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined
that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those
designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those
other jurisdictions. We note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common stock is Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent s address is One
University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, New Jersey 07601 and its telephone number is (201) 820-2008. 

Listing 

Our
Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol MSGM. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.1_1>
 3
 ex10_1-1.htm

Exhibit 10.1.1 

BACKOFFICE
SERVICE AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 23, 2023 (BUT EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 1, 2023), BY AND BETWEEN MOTORSPORTNETWORK, LLC AND MOTORSPORT GAMES
INC US. 

</EX-10.1_1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our report dated March 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Motorsport
Games Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration
Statements of Motorsport Games Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-262462) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-252054). 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Miami,
Florida 

 March
24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I,
Dmitry Kozko, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Motorsport Games Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 24, 2023 
 /s/
 Dmitry Kozko 

Dmitry
 Kozko 

Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I, Jason Potter, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Motorsport Games Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 /s/ Jason Potter 

Jason Potter 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Motorsport Games Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned,
Dmitry Kozko, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Jason Potter, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his
knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 /s/
 Dmitry Kozko 

Dmitry Kozko 

Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 24, 2023 
 /s/
 Jason Potter 

Jason
 Potter 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 24
 msgm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 26
 msgm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 27
 msgm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 28
 msgm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

