<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_876343_0001493152-23-007129.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12075398</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>584129</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3846182</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3183179</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1925628</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2280690</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007129.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309161615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007129
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000876343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				943127919
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12830
		FILM NUMBER:		23719952

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2173 SALK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5105213390

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2173 SALK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIOTIME INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007129.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from___________ to __________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 
million. 

The
number of common shares outstanding as of March 3, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Lineage
Cell Therapeutics, Inc. 

 Table
of Contents 

Page 
 Number 
 
 Part I . 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 7 

Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 32 

Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 76 

Item
 2 
 Properties 
 76 

Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 76 

Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 76 

Part II. 

Item
 5 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 77 

Item
 6 
 Reserved 
 77 

Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 78 

Item
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 88 

Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 89 

Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 128 

Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 128 

Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 129 

Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Present Inspections 
 129 

Part III. 

Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 129 

Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 129 

Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 129 

Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 

Item
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 129 

Part IV. 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 130 

Item
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 133 

Signatures 
 134 

2 | P a g e 

PART
I 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties.
The forward-looking statements are contained principally in Part I, Item 1. Business, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, 
and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, but are
also contained elsewhere in this report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words may, might, 
 will, could, would, should, expect, intend, plan, 
 objective, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, project, 
 potential, continue and ongoing, or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology
intended to identify statements about the future. Forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not limited to, statements
about: 

the
 potential to receive developmental, regulatory, and commercialization milestone and royalty payments under our Collaboration and
 License Agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Genentech, Inc.; 

our
 plans to research, develop and commercialize our product candidates; 

the
 initiation, progress, success, cost and timing of our clinical trials and other product development activities; 

the
 therapeutic potential of our product candidates, and the indications for which we intend to develop our product candidates; 

our
 ability to successfully manufacture our product candidates for clinical development and, if approved, for commercialization, and
 the timing and costs of such manufacture; 

the
 potential of our cell therapy platform; 

our
 expectations and plans regarding existing and potential future collaborations with third parties such as pharmaceutical and biotechnology
 companies, government agencies, academic laboratories, and research institutes for the discovery, development, and/or commercialization
 of novel cell therapy products; 

the
 size and growth of the potential markets for our product candidates and our ability to serve those markets; 

the
 potential scope and value of our intellectual property rights; and 

the
 effects on our operations of pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts, political and economic instability, and rising
inflation and interest rates. 

3 | P a g e 

Forward-looking
statements reflect our views and expectations as of the date of this report about future events and our future performance and condition,
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual activities, performance, results or condition
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should refer to Item 1A. Risk
Factors in Part I of this report for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual activities, performance, results
and condition to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of a variety of factors,
including those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this report, our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate, and the inaccuracy
may be material. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. We anticipate that subsequent events
and developments may cause our current views and expectations to change. However, while we may elect to update the forward-looking statements
in this report at some point in the future, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking
statements as representing our views as of any date after the date of this report. 

You
should read this report and the documents that we reference in this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future
performance, results and condition may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements
by these cautionary statements. 

This
report also contains market data, industry forecasts and other data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and
growth and other data about our industry. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give
undue weight to such estimates. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance
of the markets in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. 

All
brand names or trademarks appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks
and trade names in this report are referred to without the symbols and TM , but such references should not
be construed as any indication that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights
thereto. 

Unless
otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, references in this report to Lineage, , the Company, our
company, we, us, and our refer collectively to Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and its
consolidated subsidiaries. 

4 | P a g e 

RISK
FACTOR SUMMARY 

Below
is a summary of the material factors that make an investment in our common shares speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this report and should be carefully considered,
together with other information in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC before making investment decisions regarding our common shares. 

We have incurred operating losses since inception, and we do not know if or when we will attain profitability. 

Our investigational allogeneic cell therapies represent a novel approach to the treatment of serious medical conditions, which gives rise to significant challenges. We or our collaborators may not succeed in developing any of our product candidates. 

We will continue to spend a substantial amount of our capital on research and development, but we might not succeed in developing products and technologies that are safe and effective for their target indications or commercially viable. 

We will need to raise substantial additional capital to complete the development and seek regulatory approval of our product candidates and to commercialize products approved for marketing, if any, which may cause dilution to our existing shareholders. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital, we may delay, change or discontinue our product and technology development programs, which could significantly harm our business and prospects and cause the market price of our common shares to decline. 

We are dependent on our third-party collaboration with Roche to develop and commercialize OpRegen. If Roche is not successful in developing and commercializing OpRegen and/or Roche terminates the collaboration, we will lose a significant source of potential revenue. 

If we fail to meet our obligations under our in-license agreements, we may lose our rights to key technologies on which our business depends. 

All of our manufacturing operations currently are conducted at our facility in Jerusalem, Israel, and any disruption to our operations at that facility could harm our business. 

Cell Cure has received Israeli government grants for certain of its research and development activities. The terms of these grants may require us to seek approvals and to satisfy specified conditions to manufacture products and transfer or license grant-supported technologies outside of Israel. In the context of such approvals, we will be required to pay penalties in addition to the repayment of the grants. 

We have relied on grant funding from CIRM to support clinical development of OPC1 and we may not be able to obtain additional CIRM funding. In addition, our profits from the sale of products resulting from CIRM-funded development, if any, will be reduced by amounts that we are required to pay CIRM. 

The COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected, and it and any other similar public health crisis may in the future have a material adverse effect on, our operations. 

Our business could be adversely affected if we lose the services of the key personnel upon whom we depend or if we fail to attract senior management and key scientific personnel. 

5 | P a g e 

Government-imposed
 bans or restrictions and religious, moral, and ethical concerns about the use of hES cells could prevent us from developing and successfully
 marketing stem cell products. 

Some
 of our product candidates may be considered combination products by the FDA and other regulatory authorities, which could increase
 the complexity, cost and timeline for their development and regulatory approval. 

Legislation
 and legislative and regulatory proposals intended to contain health care costs may adversely affect our business. 

The
 FDA granted orphan drug designation to OPC1 for the treatment of acute spinal cord injuries, but there is no guarantee we will be
 able to maintain, or obtain the benefits associated with, such designation. 

The
 results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results. 

Interim,
 topline and preliminary data from clinical trials of our product candidates that we or our collaborators publicly disclose from time
 to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in
 material changes in the final data. 

We
 have limited experience manufacturing our product candidates on a clinical scale and no experience manufacturing on a commercial
 scale. Any failure to manufacture our product candidates in sufficient quantities in accordance with our quality standards and regulatory
 requirements and at acceptable costs may result in significant clinical development delays, or impair the ability to obtain approval
 for or commercialize our product candidates. 

The
 commercial success of any of our current or future product candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians,
 patients and third-party payors. 

We
 face significant competition, and if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective, safer, more convenient,
 or less expensive than our product candidates, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 

We
 face potential product liability claims, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and
 costs. If the use or misuse of our products or product candidates harm patients or is perceived to harm patients, our regulatory
 approvals could be revoked, suspended or otherwise negatively affected, and our reputation could suffer. 

We
 currently have no marketing and sales force or distribution capabilities. 

Our
 intellectual property may be insufficient to protect our products. 

We
 do not have the ability to independently conduct clinical trials required to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates. 

We
 rely on third-party suppliers, the loss of any of which, or their failure to perform as expected, could adversely affect our business. 

Insiders
 continue to have substantial influence over our company, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions,
 including a change of control. 

6 | P a g e 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Lineage
is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing novel cell therapies to address unmet medical needs. Our programs are based on
our proprietary cell-based technology platform and associated development and manufacturing capabilities. From this platform, we
design, develop, manufacture, and test specialized human cells with anatomical and physiological functions similar to, or identical
to, cells found naturally in the human body. Cells which we manufacture are created by specific developmental biological
differentiation protocols that we apply to established, well-characterized, and self-renewing pluripotent cell lines. These cells
are transplanted into patients and are designed to (a) replace or support cells that are absent or dysfunctional due to degenerative
disease, aging, or traumatic injury, and (b) restore or augment functional activity in the affected person. 

Our strategy is to efficiently
leverage our technology platform and our development, formulation, delivery, and manufacturing capabilities to advance our programs internally,
or in conjunction with strategic partners, to further enhance their value and probability of success. As one example, in December 2021
we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement (the Roche Agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Genentech,
Inc., a member of the Roche Group (collectively or individually, Roche or Genentech ), wherein we granted to
Roche exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize retinal pigment epithelium RPE cell therapies, including
our proprietary cell therapy program known as OpRegen , for the treatment of ocular disorders, including geographic atrophy
(GA) secondary to age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Under the terms of the Roche Agreement, Lineage received a 50.0 million upfront
payment and is eligible to receive up to 620.0 million in certain developmental, regulatory, and commercialization milestone payments.
Lineage also is eligible to receive tiered double-digit percentage royalties on net sales of OpRegen in the U.S. and other major markets. See
Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for discussion on the
Roche Agreement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have five allogeneic, or off-the-shelf, cell therapy programs in development, of which three have
reached clinical testing: 

Product
Candidates 

OpRegen ,
 an allogeneic retinal pigment epithelium cell replacement therapy currently in a Phase 2a multicenter clinical trial, being
 conducted by Genentech, for the treatment of geographic atrophy (GA) secondary to age-related macular degeneration (AMD), also known
 as atrophic or dry AMD. A previous Phase 1/2a trial conducted by Lineage enrolled
 twenty-four (24) individuals with dry AMD with GA. In December 2021, this program was partnered with Roche for further clinical
 development and commercialization. 

OPC1 ,
 an allogeneic oligodendrocyte progenitor cell therapy currently in long-term follow-up from a Phase 1/2a multicenter clinical trial
 for cervical spinal cord injuries SCI ). To date, five (5) patients with thoracic spinal cord injuries and twenty-five
 (25) patients with cervical spinal cord injuries have been enrolled in clinical trials of OPC1. The clinical development of OPC1
 has been partially funded by 14.3 million received under a grant from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine CIRM ).
 Additional clinical trials are being planned. 

VAC ,
 an allogeneic cancer immunotherapy comprised of antigen-presenting dendritic cells. One of
 the VAC product candidates, VAC2, is currently in a Phase 1 clinical trial in non-small cell
 lung cancer NSCLC ). This clinical trial is being funded and conducted by Cancer
 Research UK, one of the world s largest independent cancer research charities. An additional
 VAC-based product candidate is in preclinical development with our partner, Immunomic Therapeutics,
 Inc. ITI ), for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme GBM ). 

ANP1 ,
 an allogeneic auditory neuron progenitor cell transplant currently in preclinical development for the treatment of debilitating hearing
 loss DHL ). 

PNC1,
 an allogeneic photoreceptor cell transplant currently in preclinical development for the treatment of vision loss due to photoreceptor
 dysfunction or damage. 

7 | P a g e 

Other
Programs 

We
have additional undisclosed product candidates being considered for development, which cover a range of therapeutic areas and unmet medical
needs. Generally, these product candidates are based on the same platform technology and employ a similar guided cell differentiation
and transplant approach as the product candidates detailed above, but in some cases may also include genetic modifications designed
to enhance efficacy and/or safety profiles. 

In
addition to seeking to create value for shareholders by developing product candidates and advancing those candidates through
clinical development, we also may seek to create value from our large patent estate and additional related technologies and capabilities, through
partnering and/or strategic transactions. 

2022
Development Highlights 

We
achieved numerous strategic and operational accomplishments during 2022, including advancing our clinical programs and product development
in several key programs. 

Continued
execution under our collaboration with Roche and Genentech for the development of RG6501 (OpRegen) across multiple functional areas. 

The
 expansion of our clinical pipeline to include a new auditory neuronal cell transplant program ANP1 for the treatment of
 hearing loss. 

The
 expansion of our clinical pipeline to include a new cell therapy development program, photoreceptor neural cell PNC1 transplants
 for the treatment of vision loss due to photoreceptor dysfunction. 

Data
were presented at the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology annual meeting (ARVO), suggesting that OpRegen continues to
be well tolerated with an acceptable safety profile, coupled with visual function and outer retinal structure improvements in patients
with GA and impaired vision. 

Reported
that our partner, Cancer Research UK, had completed patient enrollment in a Phase 1 clinical study of VAC2 for the treatment of non-small
cell lung cancer. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
goal is to address unmet medical needs by developing and advancing allogeneic, or off-the-shelf, treatments comprised of
functional cells delivered to the body. Our biological therapies are derived from the differentiation of pluripotent stem cells from
established and self-renewing cell lines. We direct these pluripotent cells to become specific cell types, or combinations of cell types,
and use those differentiated cells as treatments to restore diseased or diminished functions, such as impaired vision, loss of movement,
sensation, and hearing, or to increase immune response to tumors or infectious agents. 

To
support the furtherance of our product candidates, we aim to generate or have generated in vitro and in vivo data to support human testing
where such testing is warranted. In some cases, we may collaborate with strategic partners, external advisors, or consultants to support
the development of our cell therapy technology. 

One
area of focus is our continued effort to support our partner, Genentech, with the production and testing of our lead product candidate,
OpRegen (RG6501), which currently is being evaluated in a 30-60 patient Phase 2a multicenter, open-label, single arm clinical study,
as well as in the follow-up portion of a 24-patient Phase 1/2a multicenter, open-label, clinical study, in patients with dry age-related
macular degeneration (dry AMD). 

We
also aim to advance our clinical-stage product candidate, OPC1, for the treatment of spinal cord injury, into a clinical study to evaluate
the safety and performance of a novel cell delivery system to deliver oligodendrocyte progenitor cells to the spinal parenchyma. 

8 | P a g e 

Our
clinical stage dendritic cell product candidate, VAC2, is the subject of a Phase 1 clinical trial conducted by our partner, Cancer Research
UK, which has completed enrollment of eight (8) patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer and we anticipate receiving additional
data from that trial during this year. 

Our
preclinical product candidates, ANP1 for hearing loss and our photoreceptor program, PNC1, to address various forms of blindness,
will continue to be evaluated in preclinical testing to determine the suitability of each program to advance into initial human
testing. 

We
have identified, and we may seek to develop, additional product candidates based on our cell replacement approach. We may elect to conduct
these activities on our own or through various collaborative arrangements. Such additional product candidates could include gene edits,
which may provide enhanced functionality or offer more attractive safety or commercial profiles. We may utilize various types of pluripotent
cell lines as starting material for our product candidates. Presently, our process development and manufacturing activities, including our cGMP
production of clinical trial material, are predominantly conducted at our facility located in Jerusalem Israel, but such work
may be supplemented or complemented by our additional facility located in Carlsbad, California. 

Cell
Therapy Technology Platform 

We
believe we are a leader in pluripotent, cell-based asset development based on directed differentiation protocols of cellular lineages and
cell manufacturing capabilities. Pluripotent cells, which are widely published as capable of becoming any human cell type, have potential
applications in many areas of medicine with large unmet patient needs, including certain age-related degenerative diseases, degenerative
conditions, or traumatic injury. We are currently in clinical development
for various pluripotent cell-derived product candidates such as RPE cells, oligodendrocyte progenitor cells, and dendritic cells and
preclinical development for auditory neurons and photoreceptor cells. In addition, we are considering the differentiation of pluripotent
cells into additional cell types that may have therapeutic benefits in other areas of unmet medical need. 

Cellular
therapies are often aimed at regenerating or replacing affected cells or tissues and therefore may have more durable, broader, or
more suitable applicability than certain traditional pharmaceutical products which seek to influence a single molecular target or
group of biological pathways. Small molecules and biologic therapies that require systemic delivery into the body often have
unexpected side effects that can limit their usefulness. When cell replacement is locally administered to a specific anatomical
compartment, systemic side effects are usually well-tolerated. Lineage s cell therapy approach resembles transplant medicine,
as it is focused on whether transplanted cells are retained or rejected by the body and whether the transplanted cells function as
expected. 

A
key advantage of our approach is that it can provide us the opportunity to rapidly develop new programs without the extensive and
costly steps traditionally required to develop a small molecule agonist or antagonist. Whereas small molecule product development
typically requires selection and validation of a drug target, followed by screening millions of molecules (e.g., a
 library of compounds) to identify hits, followed by chemical modification guided by structure-activity relationship or
 SAR to develop a hit into a more potent lead, the process of developing a new cell therapy from pluripotent lines can
be comparatively faster because the target cell type is already known to be validated , insofar as it is
well-established in the literature as being the cell type which is dysfunctional or deficient in the patient. The most challenging
step in developing a new cell therapy is the establishment of a controllable and reproducible differentiation protocol which can
create the quality of cells to support clinical testing and commercial supply, a process which avoids mass screening campaigns and
is more readily accomplished via the combination of literature reviews and in-house experience with pluripotent cell
differentiation. This approach can facilitate pipeline expansion at a lower cost than traditional methods Figure
1 ). 

9 | P a g e 

Figure
1. Lineage s Internal cGMP Facility Capabilities 

In
addition to our corporate headquarters located in Carlsbad, California, we recently opened a new research and development (R D) facility
also located in Carlsbad, expanding the Company s R D capabilities in the U.S. and supporting the development of current
and future allogeneic cell transplant programs. We also have a modern and innovative manufacturing facility in the Bio Park on the campus
of the Hadassah University Hospital in Jerusalem, Israel. The facility includes process development laboratories and a state-of-the-art,
current good manufacturing practice cGMP cell manufacturing facility. It is designed and equipped to run simultaneous
cGMP processes and to produce a range of cell therapy products for human use in clinical trials as well as improve scalability for potential
commercialization. Currently, all of our cGMP manufacturing processes, including cell banking and product manufacturing for our cell
therapy product candidates, are conducted in this facility Figure 2 ). 

10 | P a g e 

Figure
2. Novel Clinical Cell Therapy Pipeline 

OpRegen 

OpRegen
is a retinal pigment epithelial cell therapy in Phase 2a development for the treatment of geographic atrophy secondary to age-related
macular degeneration. Following subretinal delivery, OpRegen has the potential to counteract RPE cell loss in areas of GA lesions by
supporting retinal structure and function. OpRegen is being developed under a worldwide collaboration between Lineage, Roche and Genentech,
a member of the Roche Group. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this Report for discussion on the Roche Agreement. 

OpRegen
has been granted Fast Track Designation from the U.S. FDA, which includes an expedited regulatory path with the ability for increased
interfacing with the FDA during the clinical development process. 

AMD is a gradual, progressive,
deterioration of the macula, the small sensitive area in the center of the retina that provides clear, high-definition central vision.
It is a leading cause of vision loss in people over the age of 65 in the developed world. According to a 2022 report in JAMA Ophthalmology,
18.34 million individuals in the U.S. 40 years and older (11.64 were living with early-stage AMD and 1.49 million (0.94 were living
with late-stage AMD in 2019. As the area of atrophy begins to include the fovea (the center of the macula), patients may lose their central
vision, making facial recognition, reading, and driving difficult or impossible, and may ultimately become legally blind. The exact cause
of GA secondary to AMD is unknown, but is thought to result from multiple factors, such as genetics, age, smoking history, and environmental
effects. There are two clinical presentations of AMD, the dry form, and the wet, or neovascular form (growth of abnormal new blood vessels).
Dry AMD typically advances slowly toward GA as RPE cells and photoreceptors become dysfunctional and deteriorate over time. RPE
cells support and nourish the retina by metabolizing waste by-products and producing a number of components essential for photoreceptor
health and function. If the metabolic waste products accumulate, lesions known as drusen may result. Approximately 85-90 of AMD patients
suffer from the dry form of AMD, for which there is only one FDA approved therapeutic option at this time. Additionally, dry AMD may also
lead to wet AMD, a condition for which there are several FDA-approved treatments administered locally to inhibit the growth of new blood
vessels. Physicians often recommend a healthy diet, exercise and/or nutritional supplements for dry AMD, but nutritional supplements have
shown limited efficacy in delaying the onset of more progressive disease in longer-term studies. The schematics in Figures 3 and 4 
show a representation of the process of drusen formation and the goal of cell replacement therapy. 

11 | P a g e 

Figure
3. Dry AMD involves the loss of retina cells, creating an area of geographic atrophy (GA), which causes impaired vision and blindness 
 Figure
4. OpRegen is an injection of RPE cells delivered to the retina, to replace lost retinal cells and preserve or restore vision 

We
believe one of the most promising approaches to treat GA secondary to dry AMD is to replace the layer of damaged RPE cells with new,
healthy, and functional RPE cells manufactured from a well-characterized, allogeneic cell line, transplanted to the subretinal space
around the atrophic area (GA). OpRegen is a cell replacement therapy derived from our pluripotent cell technology in which our proprietary
directed-differentiation methods convert pluripotent stem cells into nearly pure populations of RPE cells. Using this method, OpRegen
is grown free of any animal products and consists of human RPE cells with high yield and purity that can be transplanted directly into
the patient s eye, where the patient s own RPE cells are missing or dysfunctional. The OpRegen therapeutic approach is designed
to replace damaged or lost RPE cells with the goal of slowing disease progression to preserve and/or restore visual function. 

OpRegen
is intended to be an allogeneic, or off-the-shelf, product provided to retinal surgeons in an easy-to-use 
form for transplantation. We believe OpRegen could have a lasting benefit from a single administration, or may be administered every
several years. This approach differs from other investigational agents, as well as for the single approved drug for treatment of GA secondary
to AMD, pegcetacoplan injection (SYFOVRE ), and approved agents currently marketed for wet AMD, such as ranibizumab (Lucentis and aflibercept (Eylea ). All of these approaches require repeated, frequent (monthly or every-other-month) intravitreal
injections into the eye. 

In a Phase 1/2a clinical trial,
OpRegen has demonstrated the potential to slow, stop or reverse disease progression in geographic atrophy secondary to AMD. This is an
open-label, single-arm, multi-center, dose-escalation trial evaluating a single administration of OpRegen delivered subretinally in patients
with bilateral GA. Patient enrollment completed in November 2020, with twenty-four patients recruited into four cohorts. The first three cohorts
enrolled only legally blind patients with a best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) of 20/200 or worse. The fourth cohort enrolled 12 patients
with impaired vision (BCVA from 20/65 to 20/250 with smaller mean areas of GA). Cohort 4 also included patients treated with a new thaw-and-inject 
formulation of OpRegen, which could be shipped directly to sites and used immediately upon thawing. The primary objective of the study
was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of OpRegen as assessed by the incidence and frequency of treatment-emergent adverse events.
Secondary objectives evaluated the preliminary activity of OpRegen treatment by assessing the changes in ophthalmological parameters measured
by various methods of primary clinical relevance. Long-term follow-up of patients in this study is currently ongoing. 

Results from the primary endpoint,
the safety and tolerability at one year post-OpRegen transplant, were presented at the 2022 Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology
Annual Meeting (ARVO 2022), and suggest that OpRegen RPE cells are generally well-tolerated with an acceptable safety profile. Importantly,
no unexpected ocular adverse events (AEs) were observed and those events that were observed were considered expected based on the surgical
procedures involved in OpRegen administration, such as vitrectomy. Most AEs reported (cohorts 1-3, 87 ; cohort 4, 93 were mild in severity. 

Findings on clinical examination
by different imaging modalities have shown positive clinical benefits in some patients as evidenced by retinal structure improvement and
decreases in drusen, as well as durable engraftment of OpRegen cells now extending to more than five years in the earliest treated patients.
Across the study, a trend toward slower GA progression in treated compared to untreated eyes continues to be present. Of note, five subjects
from cohort 4 where the OpRegen suspension was delivered to most or all of the GA area, including the fovea, have shown evidence of outer
retinal structural improvement (tissue restoration). This was accompanied by a reduction in the overall size, or no growth in the area
of atrophy, at least 12 months post-treatment and the presence of key retinal cells that were not observable at baseline study entry.
This anatomical effect was accompanied by improvements in visual acuity in most cohort 4 treated patients (average gain of 7.6 letters
read), but particularly the five patients with better surgical coverage (average 12.8 letter gain). Furthermore, differences in visual
acuity between treated and untreated eyes remained statistically significant across Cohort 4 patients at 15 months post-treatment. These
unprecedented findings support the view that dry AMD is not an irreversible, degenerative condition and that some portion of diseased
retinal tissue may be recoverable in atrophic end-stage disease patients. 

12 | P a g e 

In
December 2021, we entered into the Roche Agreement for the development and commercialization of OpRegen. See Collaborations Roche
Collaboration Agreement, below. 

In
November 2022, we announced our partner Genentech, a member of the Roche group has launched a Phase 2a, multicenter, open-label, single
arm clinical study of RG6501 (OpRegen), a retinal pigment epithelial cell therapy. The study is intended to optimize subretinal surgical
delivery and evaluate the safety and activity of OpRegen in approximately 30, and up to 60 , patients with geographic atrophy (GA) secondary
to age-related macular degeneration. The primary objectives of the study are to evaluate (i) the proportion of patients with subretinal
surgical delivery of OpRegen to target regions under the retina, and (ii) to evaluate the safety of subretinal surgical delivery of OpRegen
as measured by the incidence and severity of procedure-related adverse events at 3 months following surgery. A key secondary objective
is to evaluate the proportion of patients with qualitative improvement in retinal structure, as determined by Optical Coherence Tomography
(SD-OCT) imaging, within 3 months following surgery. RG6501 (OpRegen) is currently being developed under an exclusive worldwide collaboration
between Lineage, Roche and Genentech. 

OPC1 

OPC1
is an oligodendrocyte progenitor cell therapy in Phase 1/2a development for the treatment of acute SCI. SCI occurs when the spinal cord
is subjected to a severe crush or contusion injury, such as that caused by a car or motorcycle accident, and typically results in severe
functional impairment, including limb paralysis, aberrant pain signaling, and/or loss of bladder and sexual function. There are approximately
18,000 new spinal cord injuries annually in the U.S. (NSCIC SCI Facts and Figures at a Glance (2019)), and there are currently no FDA-approved
drugs specifically for the treatment of SCI, although methylprednisolone, a corticosteroid generally used as an anti-inflammatory drug,
is sometimes prescribed on an off-label basis to reduce acute inflammation in the injured spinal cord immediately after injury. Approaches
to treat this complex injury may include multiple mechanisms of action, such as biologics that preserve surviving neurons and stimulate
new nerve axon outgrowth, suppression of lesion cavity formation at the injury site, generation of new blood vessels to repair the ischemic
damage from injury, and myelination of the demyelinated and newly formed nerve axons. A promising therapeutic target in SCI is replacement
of oligodendrocytes that are selectively lost at the injury site. As the sole source of the insulating protein myelin in the brain and
spinal cord, oligodendrocytes wrap around nerve axons and allow the conduction of electrical impulses throughout the central nervous
system CNS ), as shown in Figure 5 . 

Figure
5. Oligodendrocytes are the myelinating cells of the CNS and are critical for nerve signal conduction 

OPC1
is derived from our pluripotent cell technology under cGMP conditions using a directed differentiation method. These cells are stored
frozen until ready for use and prepared for direct administration into the injured spinal cord. Based on preclinical studies, when OPC1
is transplanted into the injured spinal cord, the cells undergo further maturation to generate a replacement population of oligodendrocytes
at the injury site that are capable of remyelinating denuded and newly formed nerve axons. Based on preclinical studies, prior to their
maturation, the transplanted oligodendrocyte progenitor cells are believed to stimulate additional reparative processes, including promotion
of neuron survival and nerve axon outgrowth, and induction of blood vessel formation in and around the injury site. In addition, OPC1
cells rapidly migrate from the injection point to the injury site where they generate a supportive tissue matrix and suppress cavitation.
Cavitation is a destructive process that occurs within the spinal cord following SCI, and typically results in permanent loss of motor
and sensory function. A patient with cavitation can develop a condition known as syringomyelia, which results in additional neurological
and functional damage to the patient and can result in chronic pain Figure 6 ). Based on the multiple reparative properties associated
with OPC1, we believe this candidate cell therapy product is ideally suited to treat neurological conditions such as SCI and other demyelination
disorders of the CNS. 

Figure
6. Suppression of spinal cavitation in a rat contusion model 

13 | P a g e 

The
development of OPC1 has been supported by a 14.3 million clinical development grant from CIRM. We intend
to apply for additional grants from CIRM for the program s continued development. See Grants from Government Entities, 
below. 

Before
our acquisition of Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. Asterias ), Asterias was testing OPC1 in two clinical trials: a five-patient
Phase 1 safety trial in acute thoracic SCI and a 25-patient Phase 1/2a dose escalation trial in subacute cervical SCI, called the SCiStar
trial. The SCiStar trial was an open-label, single-arm trial that tested three sequential escalating doses of OPC1 administered at up
to 20 million OPC1 cells with subacute, C-4 to C-7, motor complete (AIS-A or AIS-B) cervical SCI. OPC1 was administered 21 to 42 days
post-injury. Patients were followed by neurological exams and imaging procedures to assess the safety and activity of the product. Key
findings for both the thoracic and cervical studies are shown in Figure 7 . 

Figure
7. OPC1 Thoracic Cervical Clinical Trials Overview 

The
FDA designated OPC1 as a Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy RMAT ), for the treatment of subacute SCI. RMAT is an accelerated
development pathway and includes the ability for increased interfacing with the FDA during clinical development. The FDA has also granted
OPC1 Orphan Drug Designation, providing a pathway to possible market exclusivity. 

In
2019, we transferred all cGMP manufacturing processes, including the establishment of cell banks and the OPC1 process development and
manufacturing for clinical studies, to our cell therapy manufacturing facility in Jerusalem, Israel. Improvements to the manufacturing
process were performed to create enhancements to the production process and scale and to achieve greater purity of OPC1. We also developed
a thaw and inject formulation of OPC1 to facilitate logistics and handling at the point of care with the elimination of the dose preparation
at the clinical site. Throughout 2021, we manufactured clinical batches based on the improved process in a thaw and inject formulation
in preparation for a larger-scale, late-stage clinical trial. 

In
February 2021, we announced an exclusive agreement with Neurgain Technologies, Inc. Neurgain ), to evaluate a novel delivery
system for OPC1. Preliminary assessment of prototypes revealed promising compatibility with OPC1 product while simplifying the surgical
procedure by providing surgeons with an instrument that is small, simple to use, and would not require stopping the patient s ventilator
to perform the injection, allowing for flexibility with accurate delivery to the injury site. We continued to evaluate the Neurgain device
throughout 2021 and 2022. We have submitted an RMAT package to the FDA to support the use of a new delivery device, along with a protocol
synopsis for a small safety study in both subacute and chronic patients. We intend to submit an IND amendment during 2023 for a human
safety clinical study to validate the device DOSED D elivery of O ligodendrocyte Progenitor Cells for S pinal
Cord Injury: E valuation of a Novel D evice) and an additional submission to support the use of the device in a late-stage
clinical study to follow. 

We
are actively working both on expanding our existing and establishing new collaborative partnerships with SCI patient engagement and advocacy
organizations, with the overarching goals of enhancing awareness of SCI and elevating the patient s voice in the treatment development
process. 

VAC
Platform 

VAC
is our immuno-oncology platform using dendritic cells loaded with antigens for the treatment of cancer. Cancer afflicts millions worldwide
and represents one of the largest unmet clinical needs with current treatment options providing limited efficacy and a wide range of
potentially debilitating side effects. As the most potent type of antigen-presenting cell in the body, dendritic cells instruct the human body s
immune system to attack and eliminate harmful pathogens and unwanted cells, including cancer cells. 

14 | P a g e 

To
provide a more targeted treatment for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), we are currently developing VAC2 as an allogeneic, or non-patient
specific, cancer vaccine designed to stimulate patient immune responses to an antigen, human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT),
which is commonly expressed in cancerous cells but is not usually found in normal adult cells. VAC2 is produced by our pluripotent cell
technology using a directed differentiation method and is comprised of a population of mature dendritic cells to which the hTERT antigen
was introduced via an mRNA construct which is loaded into the dendritic cell via electroporation. The VAC1 autologous program, which
preceded VAC2 but relied on the same antigen, served as proof of concept behind our approach to utilize dendritic cell vaccines targeting
telomerase to treat cancer. 

Using
pluripotent cells as the starting material for VAC production offers certain advantages. Compared to technologies that rely on the use
of a patient s own blood, our pluripotent cell technology provides a path to a more scalable system for the production of a large
number of vaccine doses, lower manufacturing costs, greater product consistency, and off-the-shelf availability. In addition, we believe
that as an allogeneic therapy, VAC has the potential to stimulate a more robust immune response through an adjuvant effect resulting
from the partial immune mismatch between the VAC cells and patients receiving the therapy. We believe that VAC can be used as a platform
technology that can be modified to carry a diverse number or type of antigen, including patient-specific tumor neo-antigens. 

In
September 2014, Asterias initiated clinical development of VAC2 by entering into a Clinical Trial and Option Agreement (the CRUK
Agreement with Cancer Research UK CRUK and Cancer Research Technology Limited CRT ), a wholly owned
subsidiary of CRUK, under which CRUK agreed to fund Phase 1 clinical development of VAC2 in NSCLC. CRUK was responsible, at its own cost,
for manufacturing clinical grade VAC2 and for carrying out the Phase 1 clinical trial of VAC2. In April 2022, we announced that CRUK
had completed patient enrollment in the ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of VAC2 for the treatment of NSCLC. All eight patients completed
dosing in the initial aspect of the trial and CRUK is currently conducting analyses of various samples collected per protocol. 

As
previously reported, VAC2 demonstrated potent and specific induction of immune response in all patients dosed and analyzed to date, with
high levels of peripheral antigen-specific immunogenicity observed at multiple time points. Importantly, VAC2 appeared to be well tolerated
with no unexpected adverse events (AEs) and no dose-limiting toxicity, serious adverse events (SAEs) or AEs. 

We
completed the transfer of all cGMP manufacturing processes, including the establishment of cell banks and the VAC2 process development
and manufacturing for clinical studies, to our cell therapy manufacturing facility in Jerusalem, Israel. 

In
April 2021, Lineage entered into a worldwide license and development collaboration agreement with ITI. See Collaborations ITI
Collaboration Agreement, below. 

Throughout
2022, we focused on improving the manufacturing process for VAC to provide a reliable supply for potential future clinical studies and
commercial development. We submitted a pre-IND package to the FDA in the third quarter of 2022 and have received important feedback that
will help guide any future full IND submission(s). We also continue to evaluate additional opportunities for the introduction of new
VAC candidates based on internally identified or partnered tumor antigens to expand the VAC platform. 

Auditory
Neurons 

The Auditory Neurons program was
established in 2022 with the goal of advancing auditory neuron transplant therapy as a treatment option for hearing loss conditions. The
initial focus of this program is on the treatment of auditory neuropathy spectrum disorders (ANSD), a group of conditions characterized
by the loss of auditory neuron function where the sound is not transmitted properly from the cochlea (inner ear) to the brain. Based on
our proprietary technology platform, we have developed a unique differentiation process for generating auditory neurons (ANP1), which
are planned to undergo preclinical testing this year to assess their safety and delivery system. In February 2023, we reported that preclinical
testing of ANP1 had begun through a collaboration with the University of Michigan and Yehoash Raphael, Ph.D., The R. Jamison and Betty
Williams Professor of Otolaryngology, Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery and Lab Director at the University of Michigan
Kresge Hearing Research Institute. 

15 | P a g e 

Photoreceptors

The
Photoreceptor program is developing the process of directing the differentiation of human pluripotent cells into clinical-grade
transplantable photoreceptor precursors/cells (PRCs) and to show their further differentiation, integration, and function after
transplantation into the subretinal space of animal models of photoreceptor degeneration. Photoreceptor degeneration is the hallmark
of a variety of retinal diseases such as retinitis pigmentosa (RP). Currently, the only approved treatments are gene therapies which
treat specific genetic defects that lead to RP. Our PNC1 program is aimed to replace damaged photoreceptors regardless of the origin
of degeneration. We hope to be able to present top-line preclinical data once the appropriate intellectual property submissions have
been made and as data become available. 

Collaborations 

To
accelerate the discovery and advancement of transplanting specific cell types into the body, we have entered into, and intend to seek
additional opportunities to form collaborations with a diverse group of strategic partners. We have entered collaborations with pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, government agencies, academic laboratories, and research institutes with resources and expertise in diverse
areas in an effort to advance our discovery and development platforms and will continue to evaluate such collaborations. 

One
key principle of our approach to collaborations is to share rewards and risks of conducting large-scale clinical trials and commercializing
a product, but also to provide the broadest patient population with the earliest access to our therapies. 

Roche
Collaboration Agreement 

On
December 17, 2021, Lineage entered into the Roche Agreement,
pursuant to which Lineage granted to Roche exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize retinal pigment epithelium cell therapies,
including its proprietary cell therapy known as OpRegen, for the treatment of ocular disorders, including advanced dry AMD with GA. 

Under
the terms of the Roche Agreement, Roche will assume responsibility for further clinical development and commercialization of OpRegen,
Lineage will be responsible for completing activities related to the ongoing clinical study Phase 1/2a open-label, dose-escalation clinical
safety and efficacy study in patients with advanced dry AMD with GA, for which enrollment is complete, and performing certain manufacturing
and process development activities. 

Roche
paid Lineage a 50.0 million upfront payment (which was received in January 2022) and Lineage is eligible to receive up to an additional
 620.0 million in certain developmental, regulatory and commercialization milestone payments. Lineage is also eligible for tiered double-digit
percentage royalties on net sales of OpRegen. All milestone payments, and royalty payments, due under the Roche Agreement are subject
to the existence of certain intellectual property rights that cover OpRegen at the time such payments would otherwise become due, and
the royalties on net sales of OpRegen are subject to financial offsets based on the existence of competing products. 

Unless
earlier terminated by either party, the Roche Agreement will expire on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis upon the expiration
of all of Roche s payment obligations under the Roche Agreement. Roche may terminate the Roche Agreement in its entirety, or on
a product-by-product or country-by-country basis, at any time with advanced written notice. Either party may terminate the Roche Agreement
in its entirety with written notice for the other party s material breach if such party fails to cure the breach. Either party
also may terminate the Roche Agreement in its entirety upon certain insolvency events involving the other party. 

16 | P a g e 

Lineage
is obligated to pay to the IIA (as defined below) approximately 24.3 of the upfront payment and of any future payments Lineage
receives under the Roche Agreement, up to an aggregate cap on all payments to IIA, such cap growing over time via interest accrual
until paid in full, which currently stands at approximately 91.2 million. In addition, pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated
License Agreement, dated June 15, 2017, between our foreign subsidiary located in Jerusalem, Israel, Cell Cure Neurosciences Ltd. Cell Cure ), and Hadasit Medical Research and Development Ltd. Hadasit ), as amended, and a letter
agreement entered into between Cell Cure and Hadasit on December 17, 2021, Cell Cure is obligated to pay to Hadasit (i) a maximum of
21.5 of the upfront payment (subject to certain reductions) and of any milestone payments Lineage receives from Roche under the
Roche Agreement, and (ii) up to 50 of all royalty payments (subject to a maximum payment of 5 of net sales of products) Lineage
receives from Roche under the Roche Agreement. In accordance with the foregoing obligations, from the 50.0 million upfront payment
Lineage received from Roche in January 2022, Lineage paid 12.1 million to the IIA and 8.9 million to Hadasit. See
 Grants from Government Entities, below, and Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated
financial statements included in this report for additional information related to our obligations to the IIA and
Hadasit. 

 ITI
Collaboration Agreement 

On
April 16, 2021, Lineage entered a worldwide license and development collaboration with ITI (the ITI Agreement ). Lineage
is the sole and exclusive owner of the rights to the VAC platform and has licensed to ITI patents and materials for the development and
commercialization of a novel cancer immunotherapy agent derived from this platform utilizing an antigen provided by ITI. 

Under
terms of the ITI Agreement, Lineage is entitled to initial fees totaling up to 2.0 million, which we have received 1.0 million ,
and up to an additional 67.0 million in development and commercial milestones across multiple indications. Lineage will also be eligible
to receive royalties of up to 10 on net sales of future products. ITI has received a research and development grade of the VAC-CMV product
and is evaluating its next steps. 

Grants
from Government Entities 

Grants
from the Israeli Innovation Authority 

Under
the Israeli Encouragement of Research, Development and Industrial Initiative Technology Law, 5744-1984, as amended, and related regulations
(collectively, the Innovation Law ), research and development programs which meet specified criteria and are approved by
the Israel Innovation Authority (the IIA are eligible for grants of up to 50 of the project s expenditure, as determined
by the research committee, in exchange for the payment of royalties from the revenues generated from the sale of product candidates and
related services developed, in whole or in part pursuant to, or as a result of, a research and development program funded by the IIA.
The royalties are generally at a range of 3.0 to 5.0 of revenues until the entire IIA grant is repaid, together with an annual interest
generally tied to an interest rate index. 

Under
the Innovation Law, the manufacture of product candidates developed with government grants is required to be performed in Israel. The
transfer of manufacturing activity outside Israel may be subject to the prior approval of the IIA, and if approved, may increase the
royalties payable to the IIA, in certain cases substantially. The amount of the increase in the royalties payable depends on the percentage
of manufacturing activity that occurs outside Israel. 

The
know-how developed within the framework of the Innovation Law plan may not be transferred to third parties outside Israel without the
prior approval of a governmental committee chartered under the Innovation Law. The IIA approval to transfer know-how created, in whole
or in part, in connection with an IIA-funded project to a third party outside Israel where the transferring company remains an operating
Israeli entity is subject to payment of a redemption fee to the IIA calculated according to a formula provided under the Innovation Law
that is based, in general, on the ratio between the aggregate IIA grants to the company s aggregate investments in the project
that was funded by these IIA grants, multiplied by the transaction consideration. The transfer of such know-how to a party outside Israel
where the transferring company ceases to exist as an Israeli entity is subject to a redemption fee formula that is based, in general,
on the ratio between the aggregate IIA grants to the total financial investments in the company, multiplied by the transaction consideration.
The redemption fee in case of transfer of know-how to a party outside Israel is generally based on the ratio between the aggregate IIA
grants received by the company and the company s aggregate research and development expenses. The fee is multiplied by the transaction consideration,
and the maximum amount payable to the IIA in case of transfer of know-how outside Israel will not exceed six times the value of the grants
received plus interest. In the event that the receiver of the grants ceases to be an Israeli corporation such payment shall not exceed
six times the value of the grants received plus interest, with a possibility to reduce such payment to up to three times the value of
the grants received plus interest if the research and development activity remains in Israel for a period of three years after payment
to the IIA. 

17 | P a g e 

The
restrictions under the Innovation Law, including restrictions on the sale, transfer or licensing to a non-Israeli entity of know-how
developed as part of the programs under which the grants were given, continue to apply even after the repayment of royalties in full
by the grant recipient. 

Part
of Cell Cure s research and development efforts have been financed, partially, through grants that it has received from the IIA
and when we acquired our holdings in Cell Cure, we undertook in writing, vis- -vis the IIA, to comply with, and to ensure the
compliance by Cell Cure with, the Innovation Law. We therefore must comply with the requirements of the Innovation Law and related regulations.
To date, through a series of separate grants beginning in 2007, Cell Cure received a total of 15.4 million from the IIA to support the
OpRegen program. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional
information. 

Grants
from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine 

The
clinical development of OPC1 has been supported by 14.3 million of grants from CIRM, a state agency established to fund stem cell
research and development of new stem cell-based treatments. The terms of our grant award from CIRM require royalty payments to the
California State General Fund based on net commercial revenue from the sale of any product, drug or service arising from CIRM-funded
research as follows: 0.1 per 1.0 million of funds granted for the earlier of 10 years or nine times the award amount that has been
paid. In addition, a 1 royalty will be owed on net commercial revenue in excess of 500 million per year until the last to expire
patent covering a CIRM-funded invention, if any, contributed towards the commercialization of the product. 

Other
Programs 

We
may elect to develop additional product candidates currently in the earliest stages of development and which cover a range of therapeutic
areas. Generally, these product candidates are still conceptual but are based on the same pluripotent platform technology and would employ
a similar guided cell differentiation and transplant approach as our current clinical-stage products. 

18 | P a g e 

Patents
and Trade Secrets 

We
seek to protect and rely on our proprietary cell-based therapy platform and associated development and manufacturing capabilities and
derived product candidates through a variety of methods, including seeking and maintaining patents intended to cover our products and
compositions, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture, our platform technologies and any other inventions that are commercially
important to the development of our business. We also rely on contractual obligations with employees and third parties to protect our
proprietary rights. For example, in addition to protecting our proprietary rights with patents, we rely on unpatented trade secrets,
improvements, know-how and innovation, and we take steps necessary to protect these rights, including through confidentiality agreements
with our corporate partners, employees, consultants and vendors. We have sought, and intend to continue to seek, appropriate patent protection
for important and strategic components of our proprietary technologies by filing patent applications in the United States and internationally.
We may also file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements on our clinical products, clinical product candidates,
and related technologies. There are no assurances that any of our intellectual property rights will guarantee complete or adequate protection
or market exclusivity for our products and product candidates. We also enter into collaborative and other similar arrangements with third
parties, such as license agreements, to in-license and/or out-license intellectual property rights. Our financial success will be dependent,
in part, on our ability to obtain rights to commercially valuable patents, to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights and
to operate without infringing any intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, we assess our patents and pending applications
covering our products and product candidates. If we determine that any patents or patent applications no longer provide adequate or necessary
protection, we may transfer or abandon such patents and patent applications to avoid incurring unnecessary costs. 

We
own or license, directly or through our subsidiaries, patent families that include several hundreds of U.S. and international patents
and patent applications. We cannot be certain that issued patents will be enforceable or provide adequate protection or that pending
applications will result in issued patents. 

OpRegen 

We have rights to issued U.S. and international patents and pending patent applications covering OpRegen.
The issued patents have expiration dates ranging from 2028 to 2036. The pending applications, if issued, will have estimated expiration
dates ranging from 2028 to 2042. These U.S. and international issued patents and pending applications also include those in-licensed
from Hadasit, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hadassah Medical Organization. We also solely own pending U.S. and international patent applications
relating to a cryopreserved thaw-and-inject formulation. The U.S. patent applications, and any filed international patent applications
based on the PCT applications, if issued, will have estimated expiration dates in 2038. Pursuant to the Roche Agreement, we have licensed
these patent rights to Roche to further develop and commercialize RPE cell therapies, including OpRegen (see Collaborations Roche
Collaboration Agreement above). 

OPC1 

We
have numerous U.S. and international issued patents and pending patent applications that are relevant to neural cells, such as oligodendrocyte
progenitor cells, including patent families acquired from Geron Corporation Geron that are directed to the differentiation
of pluripotent stem cells, including human embryonic stem hES cells, into various neural cell types, as well as various
culture and purification methods. Additionally, there are four patent families with pending patent applications owned by us directed
to improved methods of producing oligodendrocyte progenitor cells, oligodendrocyte progenitor cell compositions, and methods of treatment
of spinal cord injury using oligodendrocyte progenitor cells. The estimated expiration dates of the four patent families with pending
applications owned by us range from 2036 to 2043. The commercial success of OPC1 depends, in part, upon our ability to exclude competition
for this product with the existing patent portfolio, regulatory exclusivity, undisclosed know-how and/or trade secrets, or a combination
of these barriers to entry. 

19 | P a g e 

VAC
Platform 

We
have numerous U.S. and international issued patents and pending patent applications that are relevant to dendritic cells, including patent
families acquired from Geron or in-licensed from third parties that are directed to the differentiation of pluripotent stem cells, including
hES cells, into hematopoietic progenitor cells and immature and mature dendritic cells. In addition, these patent rights include a patent
family with claims directed to immunogenic compositions comprising antigen-presenting dendritic cells and methods of eliciting an anti-telomerase
immune response in a subject by administering to the subject such compositions. The expiration dates of the patents, and the estimated
expiration dates of the pending applications, acquired from Geron or in-licensed to us range from 2022 to 2029. We also solely own pending
U.S. and international patent applications relating to VAC and VAC processes with estimated expiration dates, if issued, from 2041 to
2043. The commercial success of VAC products depends, in part, upon our ability to exclude competition in these products with this patent
portfolio, regulatory exclusivity, undisclosed know-how and/or trade secrets, or a combination of these barriers to entry. 

Auditory
Neurons 

We
have a pending U.S. provisional patent application for our ANP1 program. It is anticipated that this provisional patent application will
be converted to a U.S. utility patent application and one or more international patent applications in 2023 and, if issued, would have
estimated patent expiration dates of 2043. 

Photoreceptors

We
have pending U.S. and international patent applications for our PNC1 program. These pending patent applications include a patent family
licensed from Hadasit and a patent family solely owned by Lineage. The pending patent applications licensed from Hadasit, if issued,
would have estimated patent expiration dates of 2038. The pending patent applications owned by Lineage, if issued, would have estimated
patent expiration dates of 2036. We also have a pending U.S. provisional patent application jointly owned with Hadasit. It is anticipated
that this provisional patent application will be converted to a U.S. utility patent application and one or more international applications
in 2023 and, if issued, would have estimated patent expiration dates of 2043. 

General
Risks Related to Obtaining and Enforcing Patent Protection 

Because
patent applications are confidential until a patent application is published or a patent is issued, we may not know if our competitors
have filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to invent or first to file
an application directed toward the technology that is the subject of our patent applications. Competitors may have filed patent applications
or received patents and may obtain additional patents and proprietary rights that block or compete with our products. In addition, if
competitors file patent applications covering our technology, we may have to participate in interference/derivation proceedings or litigation
to determine the right to a patent. Litigation and interference/derivation proceedings are unpredictable and expensive, such that, even
if we are ultimately successful, our results of operations may be adversely affected by such events. Accordingly, there is a risk that
any patent applications that we file and any patents that we hold or later obtain could be challenged by third parties and be declared
invalid in view of third-party patent applications and/or patents. Litigation, interferences, oppositions, inter partes reviews
or other proceedings are, have been and may in the future be necessary in some instances to determine the validity and scope of certain
of our proprietary rights, and in other instances to determine the validity, scope or non-infringement of certain patent rights claimed
by third parties to be pertinent to the manufacture, use or sale of our products. We may also face challenges to our patent and regulatory
protections covering our products by third parties, including manufacturers of generics and biosimilars that may choose to launch or
attempt to launch their products before the expiration of our patent or regulatory exclusivity. Litigation, interference, oppositions,
inter partes reviews, administrative challenges or other similar types of proceedings are unpredictable and may be protracted,
expensive and distracting to management. The outcome of such proceedings could adversely affect the validity and scope of our patent
or other proprietary rights, hinder our ability to manufacture and market our products, require us to seek a license for the infringed
product or technology or result in the assessment of significant monetary damages against us that may exceed any amounts that we may
accrue on our financial statements as a reserve for contingent liabilities. An adverse determination in a judicial or administrative
proceeding or a failure to obtain necessary licenses could prevent us from manufacturing or selling our products. Furthermore, payments
under any licenses that we are able to obtain would reduce our profits derived from the covered products and services. 

The
enforcement of patent rights often requires litigation against third-party infringers, and such litigation can be costly to pursue. Even
if we succeed in having new patents issued or in defending any challenge to issued patents, there is no assurance that our patents will
be comprehensive enough to provide us with meaningful patent protection against our competitors. 

20 | P a g e 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 78 employees, of which 25 were employed by Lineage and 53 were employed by Cell Cure and work in Israel.
Of the 78 employees, 70 were employed on a full-time basis and eight were employed on a part-time basis. Eleven employees hold Ph.D.
degrees in one or more fields of science or doctorates in medicine. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Manufacturing 

Manufacturing
of pluripotent-derived products is complex and requires the use of innovative technologies to handle living cells. Manufacturing these
products requires facilities specifically designed for and validated for this purpose and specific quality assurance and quality control
procedures are necessary. Currently, all of our cGMP manufacturing processes, including cell banking and product manufacturing for our
cell therapy product candidates, are conducted at our facility in Jerusalem, Israel. The facility, which includes process
development laboratories and a cGMP manufacturing facility, is designed and equipped to enable simultaneous cGMP processes and to produce
a range of cell therapy products for human use in clinical trials as well as at a scale suitable for commercial launch. 

Our
process development and manufacturing are designed to address the complexity of manufacturing cell-based therapies with a specific focus
on the reproducibility and scale of the manufacturing process. To this end each of our manufacturing processes contains predefined steps
that are controlled by a specific set of control tests that allow us to follow up the progression of production according to the manufacturing
plan, We implement a variety of 2-dimensional and 3-dimensional culture conditions to address the specific requirements of our pre-defined
differentiation processes of the pluripotent cell into a functional cell product. 

We
obtain key components required for the manufacture of our cell therapy product candidates from third-party manufacturers and suppliers,
which include, in some instances, sole source manufacturers and suppliers. We do not currently have long-term commitments or supply agreements
in place to obtain certain key components used in the manufacture of our cell therapy product candidates. 

Licensed
Technology and Product Development Agreements 

Lineage
has obtained the right to use various technologies that we believe have great potential in our product development efforts, and that
may be useful to other companies that are engaged in the research and development of products for human therapeutic and diagnostic use. 

Second
Amendment to Clinical Trial and Option Agreement and License Agreement with Cancer Research UK 

In
March 2020, Lineage and its wholly owned subsidiary Asterias entered into a Second Amendment to Clinical Trial and Option Agreement (the
 CTOA Amendment with CRUK and CRT, which amends the Clinical Trial and Option Agreement entered into between Asterias,
CRUK and CRT dated September 8, 2014, as amended September 8, 2014. Pursuant to the CTOA Amendment, Lineage assumed all obligations of
Asterias and exercised early its option to acquire data generated in the Phase 1 clinical trial of VAC2 in non-small cell lung cancer
being conducted by CRUK. 

Either
party may terminate the CRT License Agreement for the uncured material breach of the other party. CRT may terminate the CRT License Agreement
in the case of Lineage s insolvency or if Lineage ceases all development and commercialization of all products under the CRT License
Agreement. 

21 | P a g e 

WARF
Agreements 

We
have rights to certain U.S and international issued patents, pending patent applications, and stem cell lines with the Wisconsin Alumni
Research Foundation WARF under a Commercial License and Option Agreement entered into between Lineage and WARF in January
2008 and a Non-Exclusive License Agreement entered into between Asterias and WARF in October 2013 (collectively, the WARF Agreements ). 

Under
the WARF Agreements, we have a worldwide non-exclusive license under certain WARF patents and WARF-owned primate (including human) stem
cell lines covered by such patents for use in internal research, and to make, use and sell products that are used as research tools and
products that are discovered or developed through our internal research using such patents and stem cells. We paid upfront license fees
and have agreed to additional payments upon the attainment of specified clinical development milestones, royalties on sales of commercialized
products, and, subject to certain exclusions, a percentage of any payments that we may receive from any sublicenses that we may grant
to use the licensed patents or stem cell lines. 

The
WARF Agreements will terminate with respect to licensed patents upon the expiration of the last licensed patent to expire and with respect
to licensed cell lines until terminated by a party. We may terminate the WARF Agreements at any time with prior written notice, and WARF
may terminate the WARF Agreements upon a breach. We have agreed to indemnify WARF and certain other designated affiliated entities from
liability arising out of or relating to the death or injury of any person or damage to property due to the sale, marketing, use or manufacture
of products that are covered by the licensed patents, licensed stem cell lines or inventions or materials developed or derived from the
licensed patents or stem cell lines. 

Royalty
Agreement with Geron 

In
connection with Asterias s acquisition of Geron s stem cell assets in October 2013, we entered into a royalty agreement with
Geron (the Royalty Agreement pursuant to which we agreed to pay Geron a 4 royalty on net sales by us or any of our affiliates
or sales agents of any products that we develop and commercialize that are covered by the patents Geron contributed to us. In the case
of sales of such products by a person other than us or one of our affiliates or sales agents, we will be required to pay Geron 50 of
all royalties and cash payments received by us or by our affiliate in respect of a product sale. The Royalty Agreement will terminate
at the expiration or termination date of the last issued patent contributed by Geron under the Royalty Agreement. We estimate that the
latest patent expiration date will be in 2029. 

Government
Regulation 

Government
authorities at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries, extensively regulate among other things, the development,
testing, manufacture, quality, approval, safety, efficacy, distribution, labeling, packaging, storage, record keeping, marketing, import/export
and promotion of drugs, biologics, and medical devices. Authorities also heavily regulate many of these activities for human cells, tissues,
and cellular and tissue-based products HCT/Ps ). 

FDA
and Foreign Regulation of Therapeutic Products 

The
FDA and foreign regulatory authorities will regulate our proposed products as drugs, biologics or medical devices, depending upon such
factors as the use to which the product will be put, the chemical composition, and the interaction of the product with the human body.
In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs, biologics and medical devices, among other things, under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act FDCA ), the Public Health Service Act PHSA ), and implementing regulations. In addition, establishments
that manufacture human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products HCT/Ps are subject to additional regulations,
including registration and listing requirements and current good tissue practices. Certain proposed cell therapy products will be reviewed
by the FDA staff in its Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research Office of Therapeutic Products OTP ). 

Our
domestic human drug and biologic products will be subject to rigorous FDA review and approval procedures. After testing in animals to
evaluate the potential efficacy and safety of the product candidate, an IND submission must be made to the FDA to obtain authorization
for human testing. Extensive clinical testing, which is generally done in three phases, must then be undertaken to demonstrate optimal
use, safety, and efficacy of each product in humans. Each clinical trial is conducted under the auspices of an independent Institutional
Review Board IRB ). The IRB will consider, among other things, ethical factors, the safety of human subjects, and the possible
liability of the institution. 

22 | P a g e 

Phase
1 clinical trials are conducted in a small number of healthy volunteers or volunteers with the target disease or condition to assess
safety and dosage. Phase 2 clinical trials are conducted with groups of patients afflicted with the target disease or condition in order
to determine preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and expanded evidence of safety. In some cases, an initial trial is conducted in diseased
patients to assess both preliminary safety and preliminary efficacy, in which case it is referred to as a Phase 1/2 clinical trial. Phase
3 clinical trials are large-scale, multi-center, comparative trials and are conducted with patients afflicted with the target disease
or condition in order to provide enough data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety required by the FDA. The FDA closely monitors the
progress of each of the three phases of clinical testing and may, at its discretion, re-evaluate, alter, suspend or terminate the clinical
trial based upon the data which have been accumulated to that point and its assessment of the risk/benefit ratio to the intended patient
population. The clinical trial sponsor is required to report adverse events to the FDA and IRB in accordance with FDA laws and regulations.
Monitoring of all aspects of the trial to minimize risks is a continuing process. 

No
action can be taken to market any therapeutic product in the U.S. until an appropriate New Drug Application NDA or Biologics
License Application BLA has been approved by the FDA. Submission of the application is not a guarantee that the FDA will
find it complete and accept it for filing. If an application is accepted for filing, following the FDA s review, the FDA may grant
marketing approval, or deny the application by way of a complete response letter if it determines that the application does not provide
an adequate basis for approval. FDA regulations also restrict the export of therapeutic products for clinical use prior to FDA approval.
Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured or perform an establishment
file review of the site. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are
in compliance with the requirements of current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP and adequate to assure consistent production
of the product within required specifications including good tissue practices GTPs to the extent applicable. GMPs are
FDA regulations that detail minimum requirements for the methods, facilities, and controls used in manufacturing, processing, and packing
of a drug product. GTPs are FDA regulations and guidance documents that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used
for, the manufacture of HCT/Ps. The primary intent of the GTP requirements is to ensure that cell and tissue-based products are manufactured
in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, transmission and spread of communicable disease. FDA regulations also require HCT/P
establishments to register and list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and, when applicable, to evaluate donors through screening and testing.
To maintain compliance with cGMPs, GTPs, and GCPs, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas
of training, record keeping, production, and quality control. 

To
date, the FDA has not granted marketing approval to any pluripotent stem cell-based therapeutic products, and it is possible that the
FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may subject our product candidates to additional or more stringent review than drugs or biologics
derived from other technologies. 

The
FDA offers several programs to expedite development of products that treat serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful
therapeutic benefits to patients over existing treatments. A drug is eligible for designation as an RMAT if: the drug is a regenerative
medicine therapy, which is defined as a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product or any combination
product using such therapies or products, except for those regulated solely under Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act; the drug
is intended to treat, modify, reverse or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and preliminary clinical evidence indicates
that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such disease or condition. 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which
is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or if it affects more than 200,000 individuals
in the United States, there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available a drug or biologic for this
type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation is
a separate process from seeking an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic
agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or
shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process. 

23 | P a g e 

If
a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation,
the product may be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a
full NDA or BLA, to market the same drug biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a
showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving
a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among
the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA or BLA application fee. A
designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which
it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines
that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product
to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 

Combination
Products 

Combination
products are defined by the FDA to include products comprised of two or more regulated components or parts such as a biologic and a device.
When regulated independently, biologics and devices each have their own regulatory requirements. However, the regulatory requirements
for a combination product comprised of a biologic administered with a delivery device can be more complex, because in addition to the
individual regulatory requirements for each component, additional combination product regulatory requirements may apply. The Office of
Combination Products at the FDA coordinates the review of such products and determines the primary mode of action of a combination product.
The definition and regulatory requirements for combination products may differ significantly among countries in which we may seek approval
of our product candidates. 

FDA
Regulation of Manufacturing 

The
FDA regulates the manufacturing process of pharmaceutical products, human tissue and cell products, and medical devices, requiring that
they be produced in compliance with cGMP and cGTP. See Manufacturing. The FDA regulates and inspects equipment, facilities,
laboratories and processes used in the manufacturing and testing of products prior to providing approval to market products. If after
receiving approval from the FDA, a material change is made to manufacturing equipment or to the location or manufacturing process, additional
regulatory review may be required. The FDA also conducts regular, periodic visits to re-inspect the equipment, facilities, laboratories
and processes of manufacturers following an initial approval. If, as a result of those inspections, the FDA determines that equipment,
facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable FDA regulations and conditions of product approval, the FDA may seek
civil, criminal or administrative sanctions and/or remedies against the manufacturer, including suspension of manufacturing operations.
Issues pertaining to manufacturing equipment, facilities or processes may also delay the approval of new products undergoing FDA review. 

FDA
Regulation of Advertising and Product Promotion 

The
FDA also regulates the content of advertisements used to market pharmaceutical and biologic products. Claims made in advertisements concerning
the safety and efficacy of a product, or any advantages of a product over another product, must be supported by clinical data filed as
part of an NDA, a BLA, or an amendment to an NDA or a BLA, and must be consistent with the FDA-approved labeling and dosage information
for that product. 

Pharmaceutical
and biologic products may be promoted only for the approved indications in accordance with the approved label. The FDA and other agencies
actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly
promoted off-label may be subject to significant liability. However, physicians may, in their independent medical judgment, prescribe
legally available products for off-label uses. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments but
the FDA does restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 

24 | P a g e 

Foreign
Regulation 

Sales
of pharmaceutical products outside the U.S. are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that vary widely from country to country.
Even if FDA approval has been obtained, approval of a product by comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries must be obtained
prior to the commencement of marketing the product in those countries. The time required to obtain such approval may be longer or shorter
than that required for FDA approval. 

Federal
Funding and State Regulations 

Effective
July 7, 2009, the NIH adopted guidelines on the use of hES cells in federally funded research. The central focus of the guidelines is
to assure that hES cells used in federally funded research are derived from human embryos that were created for reproductive purposes,
are no longer needed for this purpose, and are voluntarily donated for research purposes with the informed written consent of the donors.
hES cells that were not derived in compliance with the guidelines, are not eligible for use in federally funded research. 

The
State of California has adopted legislation and regulations that require institutions that conduct stem cell research to notify, and
in certain cases obtain approval from, a Stem Cell Research Oversight Committee SCRO Committee before conducting the
research. Under certain California regulations, all hES cell lines used in our research must be acceptably derived. California regulations
further require certain records to be maintained with respect to stem cell research and the materials used. Lineage programs that involve
the use of stem cells have been reviewed by a SCRO Committee to confirm compliance with federal and state guidelines. 

The
hES cell lines that we use are all on the NIH registry of lines that have been reviewed and meet standards for federal funding grants.
All of our research programs utilize stem cells from established and well-characterized cell lines and which are capable of self-renewal
and expansion through normal cellular division (mitosis). Our research programs do not require new tissue or cells from donors of any
kind. 

Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and Other Health Information Privacy and Security Laws 

The
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic
and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and their respective implementing regulations impose obligations on covered entities, 
including certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their respective business associates 
that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity, and their
subcontractors that use, disclose, access, or otherwise process individually identifiable protected health information, with respect
to protecting the privacy, security, and transmission of protected health information. HIPAA also regulates standardization of data content,
codes and formats used in healthcare transactions and standardization of identifiers for covered health plans and providers. Penalties
for violations of HIPAA regulations include civil and criminal penalties. Additionally, HITECH created four new tiers of civil monetary
penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general
new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in U.S. federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorneys fees
and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, certain state and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security
of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by
HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Privacy
and Data Security Laws 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we may collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect,
secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, processing) personal data and other sensitive information, including data we collect
about trial participants in connection with clinical trials. Accordingly, we are, or may become, subject to numerous data privacy and
security requirements related to data privacy, security, and protection under federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, guidance,
and industry standards. Compliance with such requirements increases the cost and complexity of doing business and non-compliance may
result in, among other penalties and sanctions, substantial monetary fines. The data privacy, security, and protection laws to which
we may be subject include, without limitation, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ),
as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), Israel s Protection of Privacy Law 5741-1981, the
European Union s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 EU GDPR ), the EU GDPR as it forms part of United Kingdom UK law by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 UK GDPR ), and the ePrivacy Directive.
In addition, several states within the United States have enacted or proposed data privacy laws, including Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut
and Utah. 

25 | P a g e 

The
CCPA and EU GDPR are examples of increasingly stringent and evolving regulatory frameworks related to personal data processing, which increase
compliance obligations and exposure for noncompliance. For example, the CCPA imposes obligations on covered businesses to provide specific
disclosures related to a business s collection, use, and disclosure of personal data and a requirement to respond to certain requests
from California residents related to their personal data. Also, the CCPA provides for civil penalties and a private right of action for
certain data breaches. Under the CPRA, effective January 1, 2023, California residents also have the ability to limit use of certain
sensitive personal data, establish restrictions on personal data retention, expand the types of data breaches that are subject to the
CCPA s private right of action. A new California Privacy Protection Agency was also established to implement and enforce the new
law. U.S. federal and state consumer protection laws require us to publish statements that accurately and fairly describe how we handle
personal data and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal data. The EU GDPR applies to any company established
in the European Economic Area EEA and to companies established outside the EEA that process personal data in connection
with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA or the monitoring of the behavior of data subjects in the EEA. These
obligations may include limiting personal data processing to only what is necessary for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes;
requiring a legal basis for personal data processing; requiring the appointment of a data protection officer in certain circumstances;
increasing transparency obligations to data subjects; requiring data protection impact assessments in certain circumstances; limiting
the collection and retention of personal data; increasing rights for data subjects; formalizing a heightened and codified standard of
data subject consents; requiring the implementation and maintenance of technical and organizational safeguards for personal data; mandating
notice of certain personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority(ies) and affected individuals; and mandating the appointment
of representatives in the UK and/or the EU in certain circumstances. Moreover, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary
or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million euros or 4 of a company s annual global revenue, whichever
is greater. Further, individuals may initiate litigation related to processing of their personal data. In addition, Israel s Protection
of Privacy Law 5741-1981 and the regulations promulgated thereunder impose certain obligations with respect to the manner personal data
is processed, and government regulators may issue fines or sanctions for non-compliance. 

Certain
jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws, which could make it more difficult to
transfer information across jurisdictions (such as transferring or receiving personal data that originates in the EU or in other foreign
jurisdictions). Existing mechanisms that facilitate cross-border personal data transfers may change or be invalidated. For example, absent
appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the EU GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of
the EEA, such as the United States, that the European Commission does not consider to provide an adequate level of data privacy and security.
The European Commission released a set of Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs ), that are designed to be a
valid mechanism to facilitate personal data transfers out of the EEA to these jurisdictions. Currently, these SCCs are a valid mechanism
to transfer personal data outside of the EEA, but there exists some uncertainty regarding whether the SCCs will remain a valid mechanism.
Additionally, the SCCs impose additional compliance burdens, such as conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional
security measures are necessary to protect the at-issue personal data. In addition, Switzerland and the UK similarly restrict personal
data transfers outside of those jurisdictions to countries, such as the United States, that do not provide an adequate level of personal
data protection, and certain countries outside Europe (e.g., Israel) have also passed or are considering laws requiring local data residency
or otherwise impeding the transfer of personal data across borders. 

Federal
and State Fraud and Abuse Laws 

A
variety of federal and state laws prohibit fraud and abuse. These laws are interpreted broadly and enforced aggressively by various state
and federal agencies, including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), the Department of Justice, the
Office of Inspector General for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), and various state agencies. In
addition, the Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly use a variety of contractors to review claims data and to identify improper
payments as well as fraud and abuse. These contractors include Recovery Audit Contractors, Medicaid Integrity Contractors and Zone Program
Integrity Contractors. In addition, CMS conducts Comprehensive Error Rate Testing audits, the purpose of which is to detect improper
Medicare payments. Any overpayments identified must be repaid unless a favorable decision is obtained on appeal. In some cases, these
overpayments can be used as the basis for an extrapolation, by which the error rate is applied to a larger universe of claims, and which
can result in even higher repayments. 

26 | P a g e 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving, or providing
remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce or in return for either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending,
or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare
program. The definition of remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including gifts, discounts,
credit arrangements, payments of cash, ownership interests and providing anything at less than its fair market value. Recognizing that
the federal Anti- Kickback Statute is broad and may prohibit certain common activities within the healthcare industry, the Office of
Inspector General for HHS has issued a series of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors. However, these exceptions
and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection from prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute. Although payment and business practices that meet the requirements of a safe harbor are not treated as offenses under the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute, the failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit within a specific safe harbor does not necessarily mean that
the transaction or arrangement is illegal or that prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute will be pursued. However, conduct
and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy all requirements of an applicable safe harbor may result in increased scrutiny by
government enforcement authorities and would be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of their facts and circumstances.
Additionally, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively,
the ACA codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act. 

The
federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal False Claims Act, which can be enforced by private citizens on behalf
of the government, through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things,
individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party
payors that are false or fraudulent. Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for alleged
off-label promotion of drugs, purportedly concealing price concessions in the pricing information submitted to the government for government
price reporting purposes, and allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal
healthcare programs for the product. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes
 any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. In addition, manufacturers can be held liable
under the federal False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause 
the submission of false or fraudulent claims. 

HIPAA
also created new federal crimes, including healthcare fraud and false statements relating to healthcare matters. The healthcare fraud
statute prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party
payers. The false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making
any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items
or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or
specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

The
federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which
payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually
to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists,
podiatrists, and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching
hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 

Many
states have laws similar to the federal laws described above and the state laws may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor,
such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items
or services reimbursed by non-governmental third party payors, including private insurers, or that apply regardless of payor, state laws
that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant
compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, state and local laws that require drug manufacturers to report information
related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, state laws that
require the reporting of information related to drug pricing, and state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales
representatives. 

27 | P a g e 

Additionally,
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising,
authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in
an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in
many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws and/or regulations. 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above, or any other governmental regulations that apply to us,
we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including sanctions, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines,
possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, imprisonment, integrity oversight
and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring
of our operations. 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Patients
generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse part or all of the costs associated with medical products. Accordingly, market acceptance
of medical products can depend on the extent to which third-party coverage and reimbursement is available from government health administration
authorities, private healthcare insurers and other healthcare funding organizations. No uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement
exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. Decisions regarding whether
to cover any of our product candidates, if approved, the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a
plan-by-plan basis. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement
rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. As a result, the coverage determination
process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our
product candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently
or obtained in the first instance. Pharmaceutical companies may be required to provide specified rebates or discounts on the products
it sells to certain government funded programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, and those rebates or discounts have increased over time.
The ACA increased many of these mandatory discounts and rebates required and imposed a new branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers
and importers fee payable each year by certain pharmaceutical companies and manufacturers. 

Outside
of the United States, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing
drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of
medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products
for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect
controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. Historically, products launched in the EU do
not follow price structures of the United States and generally tend to be significantly lower. 

Healthcare
Reform 

The
United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of reform proposals to change the healthcare system.
There is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving
quality or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been
significantly affected by federal and state legislative initiatives, including those designed to limit the pricing, coverage, and reimbursement
of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products, especially under government-funded healthcare programs, and increased governmental
control of drug pricing. 

28 | P a g e 

In
March 2010, the ACA was signed into law, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private
insurers in the United States, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. The ACA contains a number of provisions of particular
import to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, including, but not limited to, those governing enrollment in federal healthcare
programs, a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that
are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal
healthcare programs. Since its enactment, there have been judicial, Congressional, and executive branch challenges to certain aspects
of the ACA. For example, legislation enacted in 2017, informally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 2017 Tax Act ),
among other things, removes penalties for not complying with ACA s individual mandate to carry health insurance. On June 17, 2021,
the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the
individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. Moreover, on January 28, 2021,
President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage
through the ACA marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021 and remained open through August 15, 2021. The executive order also instructed
certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among
others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary
barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to
judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges and other litigation, and the healthcare reform
measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act
of 2011 was signed into law, which includes reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect
on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2031, except for a temporary
suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under
current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 3 in the final fiscal year of this
sequester. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare
payments to several providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments
to providers from three to five years. Further, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law,
which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single
source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. Congress is considering additional health reform measures. 

Moreover,
there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products,
which has resulted in several presidential executive orders, Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation
designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer
patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, on July 24, 2020 and September
13, 2020, the Trump administration announced several executive orders related to prescription drug pricing that attempted to implement
several of the administration s proposals. As a result, the FDA concurrently released a final rule and guidance in September 2020
providing pathways for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. Further, on November 20, 2020, the HHS finalized
a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Medicare Part
D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe
harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a new safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy
benefit managers and manufacturers. The implementation of the rule was delayed until 2032 by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. On
November 20, 2020, CMS issued an interim final rule implementing President Trump s Most Favored Nation executive order, which would
tie Medicare Part B payments for certain physician-administered drugs to the lowest price paid in other economically advanced countries.
The Most Favored Nation regulations mandate participation by identified Medicare Part B providers and will apply in all U.S. states and
territories for a seven-year period beginning January 1, 2021, and ending December 31, 2027. As a result of litigation challenging the
Most Favored Nation model, on December 27, 2021 CMS published a final rule that rescinds the Most Favored Nation model interim final
rule. Further, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order that included multiple provisions aimed at prescription
drugs. In response to President Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing
High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform. The plan sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that
Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. No legislation or administrative
actions have been finalized to implement these principles. 

29 | P a g e 

In
August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law by President Biden. The new legislation has implications for Medicare
Part D, which is a program available to individuals who are entitled to Medicare Part A or enrolled in Medicare Part B to give them the
option of paying a monthly premium for outpatient prescription drug coverage. Among other things, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated
subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first
due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 permits the Secretary of the HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation,
for the initial years. 

At
the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product
pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure
and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

Major
Customers and Sources of Revenues 

Major
Sources of Revenues 

The
following table shows our major sources of revenues, as a percentage of total revenues, that were recognized during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Sources of Revenues 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Collaboration revenues 
 90.9 
 25.8 
 
 Royalties 
 9.1 
 63.9 
 
 IIA grant income (Cell Cure Neurosciences Ltd, Israel) 
 - 
 10.3 

Geographic
Area 

The
following table shows the geographic sources of revenue that were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar
amounts are in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 United States 
 14,703 
 3,895 
 
 Foreign (1) 
 - 
 446 
 
 Total revenues 
 14,703 
 4,341 

(1) 
 Foreign
 revenues are primarily generated from grants in Israel. 

Marketing 

We
do not have established marketing, sales or distribution infrastructure or capabilities. In order to commercialize any of our product
candidates if approved for commercial sale, we must either establish a sales and marketing organization with technical expertise and
supporting distribution capabilities or collaborate with third-parties that have sales and marketing experience. As we move our product
candidates through development toward regulatory approval, we intend to evaluate options for each product candidate s commercialization
strategy. These options include building our own sales force and other commercial infrastructure, entering into strategic marketing partnerships
with third parties, out-licensing the product to other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies, and combinations of these strategies. 

30 | P a g e 

Competition 

The
cell therapy industry is characterized by rapid innovation, intense and dynamic competition with a strong emphasis on proprietary products.
While we believe that our technology, manufacturing capabilities, scientific knowledge, and experience in the field of cell therapy provide
us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies with substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, academic institutions and governmental agencies and
public and private research institutions, as well as standard-of-care treatments, new products undergoing development and combinations
of existing and new therapies. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies
and new therapies, including combinations thereof, that may become available in the future. 

As
mentioned above, some of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, such as larger research
and development staff and well-established marketing and salesforces, or may operate in jurisdictions with lower standards of evidence
to bring products to market. For example, we are aware that some of our competitors, including Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Novo Nordisk
A/S, Novartis AG, Johnson Johnson, Merck Co Inc., Gilead Sciences Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc., Bayer AG, BioNTech SE, Moderna
Inc., Sana Biotechnology Inc., Senti Biosciences Inc., Iveric Bio Inc., Apellis Pharmaceuticals Inc., Century
Therapeutics Inc., and Allogene Therapeutics Inc., may be conducting clinical trials for therapies that could compete with our
cell therapy programs. 

Corporate
Information 

Lineage
is incorporated in the State of California. Our common shares trade on the NYSE American and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the symbol
 LCTX. Our principal executive offices are at 2173 Salk Avenue, Suite 200, Carlsbad, CA 92008, USA, and our phone number
at that address is (442) 287-8990. Our website address is www.lineagecell.com. The information on, or that can be accessed through our
website, is not part of this report. Lineage routinely uses its website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and
for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We also make available, free of charge through our website, our most
recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as
soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

31 | P a g e 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

An
investment in our common shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the risk factors described below, as
well as the other information in this report, when evaluating our business and before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell our
common shares. Each of these risk factors, as well as additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial,
could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects, as well as adversely affect the market price
of our common shares, in which case you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations and Capital Requirements 

We
have incurred operating losses since inception, and we do not know if or when we will attain profitability. 

Our
total operating losses for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 22.5 million and 49.2 million, respectively, and
we had an accumulated deficit of 363.4 million as of December 31, 2022. Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses
and we expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future. Unless and until we or a third-party collaborator
succeed in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, and generating substantial revenue from sales of one or more of our product
candidates, we do not expect to become profitable. All of our product candidates will require substantial additional development time
and resources before we or any collaborator would be able to apply for or receive any regulatory approval to market and sell a product,
and the timeline for and outcome of these development efforts is highly uncertain. We anticipate our operating losses will increase substantially
as we continue our development of, seek regulatory approval for and potentially commercialize our product candidates and seek to identify,
assess, acquire, in-license or develop additional product candidates. We may never achieve profitability. 

To
become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products that generate significant revenue.
This will require us and our collaborators to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing clinical and nonclinical
studies of our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for these product candidates, manufacturing, marketing, and selling
any approved products, and satisfying any post-marketing regulatory requirements. We are attempting to develop new technology and therapeutic
products. Cell therapy is a nascent field with limited regulatory approval precedent, which makes it difficult to predict the time and
cost of product candidate development and seeking regulatory approval. The regulatory pathway with the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory
authorities may be more complex, time-consuming, and unpredictable relative to more well-known therapeutic approaches. We and our collaborators
may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant enough for us to achieve profitability.
If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to
become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research
and development efforts, expand our business, or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you
to lose all or part of your investment. 

32 | P a g e 

Our
investigational allogeneic cell therapies represent a novel approach to the treatment of serious medical conditions, which gives rise
to significant challenges. We or our collaborators may not succeed in developing any of our product candidates. 

We
are developing a pipeline of allogeneic cell therapy product candidates with cells that we create by applying proprietary differentiation
protocols to established pluripotent cell lines and which must be either transplanted into patients to replace or support cells that
are dysfunctional or absent due to degenerative disease or traumatic injury or administered by injection as a means of helping the body
mount a more robust and effective immune response to cancer or infectious diseases. Allogeneic cell therapy is an area of therapeutic
medical intervention that is still in its infancy, and as such, it is difficult to accurately predict the type and scope of challenges
we and our collaborators may face during the development of our product candidates. We face significant challenges and uncertainties
associated with the manufacture, preclinical and clinical development, regulatory approval pathway, and third-party payor coverage and
reimbursement of our product candidates required for successful commercialization, including: 

manufacturing
 our product candidates to our internal standards, as well as to that of applicable regulatory specifications, in a timely manner,
 and on the scale necessary to support larger-scale clinical trials, and, if approved, commercialization; 

understanding
 and addressing variability in our cell manufacturing processes, which could affect our ability to produce clinical trial material
 and, if approved, commercial product in a reliable and consistent manner; 

designing
 and completing clinical trials of our product candidates that will demonstrate their safe and effective use to treat the targeted
 disease or other medical condition; 

sourcing
 clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies of key components required for the manufacture of our product candidates; 

developing
 formulations of our cells that reduce or eliminate dose preparation or other complexities of handling and administration of our product
 candidates at the point of care; 

identifying,
 developing and validating delivery systems and methods for successful surgical transplantation of our cells; 

obtaining
 regulatory approval, as the regulatory framework for approval of potential allogeneic cell therapies are evolving; 

establishing
 sales, marketing, and compliance capabilities upon obtaining any regulatory approval to gain acceptance of a novel therapy; 

obtaining
 sufficient product coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors such as government healthcare administration authorities and
 private healthcare insurers for any approved product to enable the product to compete in the marketplace and become commercially
 profitable; and 

obtaining
 and maintaining intellectual property protection for our product candidates, the operations used to manufacture them and the methods
 for using them in order to prevent third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our product candidates
 or otherwise exploiting our cell manufacturing processes. 

If
we are not successful in addressing key challenges in development and commercialization of our cell therapy product candidates, or if
our product candidates and technologies do not prove to be safe or effective for the indications for which they are being developed,
our business prospects and revenue opportunities will be materially limited. 

We
will continue to spend a substantial amount of our capital on research and development, but we might not succeed in developing products
that are safe and effective for their target indications or commercially viable. 

Our
research and development activities are costly, time consuming, and their results are uncertain. We incurred research and development
expenses amounting to approximately 14.0 million and 33.9 million during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
and we expect to continue to incur substantial research and development expenses. If we successfully develop a new technology or product,
refinement of the new technology or product and definition of the practical applications and limitations of the technology or product
may take years and require large sums of money. Clinical trials of new therapeutic products, particularly those products that are regulated
as biologics, drugs, or devices, such as our product candidates, are very expensive and take years to complete. Only a small percentage
of therapeutic product candidates that enter the development process ever receive marketing approval. Even with substantial spending
on research and development of our product candidates, they might not prove to be safe or efficacious in the human medical applications
for which they are being developed, or they may prove too expensive to manufacture or otherwise fail to gain sufficient market acceptance
to be commercially viable. 

33 | P a g e 

We
will need to obtain substantial additional funding to complete the development and seek regulatory approval of our product candidates
and to commercialize products approved for marketing, if any. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital when needed, we may delay,
reduce, limit the pace of, suspend or discontinue our product and technology development programs or other operations, which could significantly
harm our business and prospects and cause the market price of our common shares to decline. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had 57.9 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents
and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least the next 12 months after
the issuance of this report; however, these resources will not be sufficient to fund our product candidates through regulatory approval,
and we will need to raise substantial additional capital to complete the development and seek regulatory approval of our product candidates
and to commercialize products approved for marketing, if any. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions
or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our planned operations. 

Until
such time as we are able to generate sufficient revenues from product sales, royalties or license fees, if ever, we expect to fund our
operations through equity offerings, debt financings or other third-party capital sources, including potentially new grants from governmental
entities or strategic alliances, collaborations, licenses or other similar arrangements. However, additional capital may not be available
to us when needed, on favorable terms, or at all, and any additional capital raised may not be sufficient to enable us to complete development
or obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or commercialize approved products, if any. Our past success in raising capital
through equity offerings, strategic collaborations and grants from governmental entities should not provide any assurance that we will
be successful in raising additional capital through any of those means when needed, or at all. We expect our ability to raise additional
capital will depend not only on progress we and our collaborators make in developing our technologies and product candidates, but also
on factors outside of our control that affect access to capital and conditions in the capital markets. A low trading volume, share price
and market capitalization together with limited revenue, net losses, and limited amount of unissued authorized common shares may make
it difficult and expensive for us to raise additional capital through equity or debt financings. Our ability to obtain additional funds
and the amount and type of financing available to us may be adversely impacted by unstable and unfavorable market conditions. An economic
downturn, recession or recessionary concerns, delay or failure of the U.S. government to raise the federal debt ceiling, increased inflation,
rising interest rates, public health emergencies such as the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts including the war in Ukraine,
terrorist attacks, global supply chain disruptions. natural or environmental disasters, strained relations between the U.S. and various
other countries, social and political discord and unrest in the U.S. and various other countries can be expected to negatively impact
financial markets. Volatility and deterioration in the financial markets and rising interest rates may make equity or debt financings
more difficult, more costly or more dilutive and may increase competition for, or limit the availability of, funding from other third-party
sources such as from strategic collaborations and grants from governmental and other entities. Our ability to obtain additional funds
and the amount, type and terms of any potential financing may also be adversely affected by the performance of other companies perceived
as comparable to us. For example, development setbacks or failures in cell therapies being developed by third parties could have a negative
effect on potential investor or strategic collaborator sentiment for our technologies and product candidates. 

If
we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we may be forced to significantly delay, reduce, limit the pace of,
suspend or discontinue some or all aspects of our product and technology development programs or other operations, fail to meet obligations
under our in-license agreements and relinquish important rights, and forego opportunities to expand our pipeline, in which case, our
ability to achieve our operational goals could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if we do not have adequate capital,
we may seek strategic alliances for research and development programs at an earlier stage than we would otherwise desire or on terms
less favorable than might otherwise be available, or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or future
product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business and prospects. 

34 | P a g e 

Our
forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will support our planned operations is based on a number of assumptions
that may prove to be wrong or require adjustment as a result of business decisions, the risks, uncertainties other factors discussed
elsewhere in this Risk Factors section or factors not presently known or material to us, and we may use our available financial resources
sooner than we currently expect. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

scope,
 progress and results of our ongoing and planned preclinical studies, clinical trials, and nonclinical activities for our product
 candidates; 

unanticipated
 serious safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates; 

timing
 of licensing payments we may be required to make based on the development of our product candidates; 

the
 number, and development requirements of product candidates that we may pursue; 

the
 timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

changes
 in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates, including but not limited to clinical trial and manufacturing requirements
 for approval; 

our
 decisions to initiate additional clinical trials, not to initiate any clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial;

the
 cost of obtaining and the availability of materials, equipment and devices that are necessary for the production or administration
 of our product candidates; 

whether
 we decide to enter into a new third-party collaborations for development or commercialization of our product candidates and the terms
 of any such collaboration; 

the
 cost and timing of establishing and validating new manufacturing processes or facilities for our product candidates and any approved
 products; 

additions
 or departures of key management or scientific personnel. 

If
we cannot conduct our planned operations or otherwise capitalize on business opportunities due to a lack of capital, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected and the market price of our common shares may decline. 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing shareholders, restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish rights to or
dilute our economic interest in our product candidates or technology on terms unfavorable to us. 

We
may seek additional capital through a variety of means, including equity offerings, debt financings or other third-party funding, including
grants or new strategic alliances and licensing or collaborations. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of
equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect your rights as a shareholder. Any debt capital financing may involve covenants that restrict our operations, including
limitations on additional borrowing and on the use of our assets. If we raise capital through up-front payments or milestone payments
pursuant to strategic collaborations with third parties, we have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates and technology
or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Any such arrangements may be dilutive to our ownership or economic interest
in the products we develop, and we might have to accept royalty payments on product sales rather than receiving the gross revenues from
product sales. See, for example, the terms of our agreement with Roche to develop and commercialize OpRegen. Grants from third parties
may involve covenants that restrict our operations, require us to relinquish valuable rights in our products, technology and other intellectual
property and may be dilutive to our economic interest in products and technologies we develop with such funding. For example, as discussed
in Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements included in this report, pursuant to the terms of
grants received by Cell Cure from the Israeli government, there are limitations on our ability to manufacture products and transfer or
license technologies outside of Israel and considerable contingent financial obligations to the IIA with respect to products, technologies
and intellectual property developed with the support of IIA grant funding, which includes the OpRegen program, and, as discussed below
in this Risk Factors section, pursuant to the terms of a grant we received from the CIRM in support of clinical development of OPC1,
we have royalty payment obligations to CIRM based on net sales of products developed with the support of the CIRM funding, if any. 

35 | P a g e 

Our
ability to raise capital through equity or convertible debt financings may be limited by the amount of our authorized and unissued common
shares and applicable rules of the SEC and NYSE American. 

Our
ability to raise capital through the issuance and sale of our common shares or securities exercisable for or convertible into our common
shares is limited by the number of common shares we are authorized to issue that are not issued and outstanding or reserved for future
issuance. We are currently authorized to issue up to 250,000,000 common shares and, as of December 31, 2022, 170,093,114 common shares
were issued and outstanding and 19,112,202 shares are reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding stock options or upon the vesting
and settlement of outstanding restricted stock units or for future equity awards under our equity incentive plan, which means only 60,794,684
authorized common shares were unreserved and available for issuance. Our ability to raise capital through the sale of equity securities
may also be limited by various rules and regulations, including rules of the SEC, the NYSE American securities exchange or any other
securities exchange on which our common shares are listed, which place limits on the amount of securities that we may sell in certain
circumstances or require shareholder approval to sell securities in excess of certain amounts. We may have to forego opportunities to
raise capital on favorable terms if we do not have sufficient authorized and unissued common shares or are otherwise limited by applicable
rules and regulations. 

Obtaining
shareholder approval may be a costly and time-consuming process, and seeking shareholder approval could delay our ability to secure otherwise
available capital, or cause us to miss such opportunities entirely, which may harm our business and prospects, and there is no guarantee
our shareholders ultimately would approve a proposed increase in our authorized common shares. Any increase in the number of our authorized
common shares would require approval of a majority of our outstanding common shares entitled to vote. We could face difficulties in soliciting
a sufficient number of shareholder proxies and may have to adjourn or postpone a shareholder meeting, which would further increase the
time and expense of obtaining shareholder approval. If our shareholders do not approve a proposed increase in our authorized common shares
or a proposed offering and sale involving our equity securities, our ability to raise additional capital may be materially and adversely
impacted, as well as our ability to pursue business opportunities where our common shares may be used as consideration, such as strategic
transactions to expand our product pipeline, and to retain and recruit key personnel and other employees. 

Failure
by the U.S. government to raise the federal debt ceiling could materially and adversely affect our financial condition. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 46.1 million in marketable debt securities, all of which were U.S. Treasury securities. U.S. Treasury securities
historically have been highly liquid and carried relatively low risk. However, in January 2023, the U.S. reached its debt ceiling, requiring
the U.S. Treasury to take extraordinary measures to avoid default. The U.S. Treasury expects to exhaust these measures by early June
2023, and if U.S. lawmakers do not pass legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling by such time, it is possible that the U.S. could
default on its debt obligations. Uncertainty surrounding the trading market for U.S. government securities or impairment of the U.S.
government s ability to satisfy its obligations under its treasury securities may negatively impact the liquidity and valuation
of our investments in U.S. treasury securities. 

We
are dependent on our third-party collaboration with Roche to develop and commercialize OpRegen. If Roche is not successful in developing
and commercializing OpRegen and/or Roche terminates the collaboration, we will lose a significant source of potential revenue. 

We
currently have a collaboration and license agreement with Roche, pursuant to which we license to Roche rights to develop and commercialize
our retinal pigment epithelium cell therapies, including OpRegen (the Licensed Products ), for the treatment of ocular disorders,
including age-related macular degeneration with geographic atrophy. Roche is obligated to pay us milestone payments upon the achievement
of specified developmental, regulatory and commercialization milestones. In addition, Roche is obligated to pay us royalties upon sales
of the Licensed Products, if any. All regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalty payments are subject to the existence
of certain intellectual property rights that cover OpRegen at the time such payments would otherwise become due, and the royalties on
net sales of OpRegen are subject to financial offsets based on the existence of competing products. 

36 | P a g e 

We
are expecting Roche to develop and commercialize the Licensed Products, and if Roche is not able to develop and commercialize the Licensed
Products, determines not to continue to pursue development and commercialization of the Licensed Products, or determines to terminate
the collaboration at any time in its sole discretion, we will not receive any future milestone or royalty payments under the agreement
which would harm our business, business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Roche
may determine not to pursue development and commercialization and/or to terminate the collaboration, in its sole discretion, for many
reasons, including: 

delays
 in development, manufacture or clinical supply of OpRegen; 

Roche
 may believe that data generated in clinical trials for OpRegen may be negative, inconclusive, or do not otherwise demonstrate adequate
 efficacy or clinical benefit to warrant further development or commercialization; 

Roche
 may conclude that the commercial landscape in GA secondary to AMD has significantly changed with the FDA approval of Apellis Pharmaceuticals,
 Inc. s Syfovre (pegcetacoplan injection) and FDA acceptance of Iveric Bio, Inc. s new drug application
 for Zimura (avacincaptad pegol); 

Roche
 may not dedicate the resources necessary to carry OpRegen through clinical development, regulatory approval, or commercialization;

Roche
 may conclude that the commercial potential of OpRegen does not meet its internal thresholds or yield a timely return on its investment
 in OpRegen; 

Roche
 may choose not to develop and commercialize OpRegen in certain, or any, markets or for one or more indications, if at all; 

Roche
 may change the focus of its development or commercialization efforts or prioritize other programs more highly and, accordingly, reduce
 the efforts and resources allocated to OpRegen; 

Roche
 may be unable to obtain regulatory clearances or approvals to continue clinical development or commercialization of OpRegen in a
 timely manner, or at all; 

the
 failure to develop a formulation and/or manufacturing process for OpRegen that Roche believes is commercially viable in a timely
 manner, or at all; or 

the
 loss or impairment of intellectual property rights related to OpRegen. 

If
Roche terminates the collaboration: 

we
 would no longer have the right to receive any milestone payments or royalties thereunder; 

further
 development of OpRegen, if any, would be significantly delayed or terminated; 

we
 would bear all risks and costs related to any further clinical development, manufacturing, regulatory approval and commercialization
 OpRegen, if any; 

37 | P a g e 

we
 might determine that the commercial potential of OpRegen does not warrant further development of OpRegen; 

we
 would need to raise additional capital if we were to choose to pursue OpRegen development on our own, or we would need to establish
 alternative collaborations with third parties, which might not be possible in a timely manner, or at all; and 

if
 we were to choose to pursue OpRegen development independently, we would need to work collaboratively with Roche to transfer the OpRegen
 program back to us, and such a transfer might take significant amounts of time, would be resource intensive and costly, and might
 not be feasible. 

Any
loss or termination of rights under the collaboration will cause us to lose a significant source of potential revenue and could significantly
delay or result in the discontinuation of development of OpRegen or significantly diminish the commercial potential of OpRegen, which
would have a material and adverse effect on our company, financial condition and results of operations and could cause the market price
of our common shares to decline. 

We
may expend our limited resources to pursue particular product candidates and fail to capitalize on other product candidates that may
be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

We
have multiple cell therapy programs in development and limited resources. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize
on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs
and product candidates may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the clinical or commercial potential
or target market for a particular product candidate, we may focus our resources on product candidates that do not demonstrate successful
clinical results or commercial viability at the expense of other programs that may have had greater success, or relinquish valuable rights
to that product candidate through future collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements in cases in which it would have been
more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 

If
we fail to meet our obligations under our in-license agreements, we may lose our rights to key technologies on which our business depends. 

Our
business depends on several critical technologies that are based in part on technology licensed from third parties. Those third-party
license agreements impose obligations on us, including payment obligations and obligations to pursue development of commercial products
under the licensed patents or technology. If a licensor believes that we have failed to meet our obligations under a license agreement,
the licensor could seek to limit or terminate our license rights, which could lead to costly and time-consuming litigation and, potentially,
a loss of the licensed rights. During the period of any such litigation, our ability to carry out the development and commercialization
of potential products, and our ability to raise any capital that we might then need, could be significantly and negatively affected.
If our license rights were restricted or ultimately lost, we would not be able to continue to use the licensed technology in our business.
Our license agreements are discussed in more detail under Licensed Technology and Product Development Agreements in Part
I. Business, above. 

We
may acquire or acquire rights to new technologies, product candidates and other assets or businesses, which could fail to result in a
commercial product or net sales, divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our shareholders or otherwise
disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
evaluate and consider strategic opportunities on an ongoing basis that we believe could complement or expand our portfolio, enhance our
technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. We may in the future acquire or acquire rights to develop and commercialize
new technologies, product candidates and other assets or businesses or pursue joint ventures or investments in complementary businesses.
However, we may not be able to successfully complete any in-license, acquisition or other strategic transaction we choose to pursue,
and we may not successfully integrate any acquired or licensed technology, development program or business in a cost-effective and non-disruptive
manner. The pursuit of these potential transactions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur significant costs and
expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable opportunities and transactions, even if we do not complete the transaction.
We may not be able to identify desirable targets or be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular target. Furthermore,
the anticipated benefits of any strategic transaction may not materialize. 

38 | P a g e 

In
addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any acquired personnel, operations and technologies, or effectively manage the
combined business following an acquisition. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the use of our
available cash, or the incurrence of debt, which could harm our operating results. We also face risk of shareholder lawsuits in connection
with acquisitions that can divert management s focus from operating our business and result in significant legal and other expenses,
which could harm our operating results and financial condition. For example, we recently settled a putative shareholder class action
lawsuit relating to our acquisition of Asterias after more than three years of litigation. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies)
to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. In addition, if an acquired technology, product candidate or other
asset or business fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively affected.
Additional risks we may face in connection with acquisitions include: 

diversion
 of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition and integration challenges; 

integration
 of cGMP manufacturing operations from an acquired business or company; 

retention
 of key employees from an acquired business or company; 

changes
 in relationships with other collaborators as a result of new program or product acquisitions or strategic positioning resulting from
 the acquisition; 

the
 need to implement or improve controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired business or company; 

financial
 reporting, revenue recognition or other financial or control deficiencies of an acquired company that we don t adequately address
 and that cause our reported results to be incorrect; 

liability
 for activities of an acquired company before the acquisition, including intellectual property infringement claims, misappropriation
 or other violation, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; 

unanticipated
 write-offs or charges; and 

litigation
 or other claims in connection with an acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, vendors, former shareholders
 or other third parties. 

Our
failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to
realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business
generally. 

All
of our manufacturing operations currently are conducted at our facility in Jerusalem, Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and
military conditions in Israel could directly affect our business. Any event or condition that significantly disrupts our ordinary
course of operations at our Jerusalem facility could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our financial condition
and operating results. 

We
or our collaborators, suppliers, CROs, other service providers, or other third parties on which we rely may experience interruptions
to our operations, including the conduct of our research and development programs, clinical trials, and manufacturing operations, due
to natural disasters, public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts, political and economic instability,
acts of terrorism, or hardware, software, telecommunication or electrical failures, which could significantly disrupt or harm our business. 

39 | P a g e 

Currently,
all of our cGMP manufacturing processes, including cell banking and product manufacturing for our cell therapy product candidates,
are conducted by our subsidiary, Cell Cure, at its facility in Jerusalem, Israel, and more than two-thirds of our employees are Cell
Cure employees who are based in the same facility. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel could directly
affect our business. In addition, our operations are vulnerable to significant disruption if a natural disaster, public health
emergency, terrorist attack, act of war, power outage or any other sudden, unforeseen and severe event or condition damages,
destroys or otherwise prevents us from using, or disrupts normal operations at, this facility. For example, a natural disaster,
explosion, fire or prolonged power outage could result in damage to or destruction of materials and equipment that are critical for
our research and manufacturing operations, including our cell banks, or otherwise prevent us from conducting product testing or
manufacturing sufficient clinical supplies, which would delay the advancement of our programs and materially harm our business,
operating results, prospects, or financial condition. Our cell therapy product candidates are manufactured by starting with cells
which are stored in the form of a master cell bank. While we have taken precautions to safeguard our cell banks from catastrophic
events and we take precautions when transporting our cell banks, it is possible that we could lose one or more master cell banks and
have our manufacturing severely impacted by the need to replace a cell bank. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we
currently have in place are limited and are unlikely to prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. Any
natural or manmade disaster affecting our Cell Cure facility or employees could materially harm our business. 

Any
hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its present trading partners, or a
significant downturn in the economic or financial condition of Israel, could adversely affect our operations. Ongoing and revived
hostilities or other Israeli political or economic factors could harm our operations, product candidate development and results of
operations. Although Israel has entered into various agreements with Egypt, Jordan, the Palestinian Authority and with various
states in the Persian Gulf, there has been a continuous unrest and terrorist activity with varying levels of severity. In addition,
Israel faces threats from more distant neighbors, in particular, Iran. Our insurance policies do not cover us for the damages
incurred in connection with these conflicts or for any resulting disruption in our operations. The Israeli government, as a matter
of law, provides coverage for the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war;
however, the government may cease providing such coverage or the coverage might not be enough to cover potential damages. In the
event that hostilities disrupt the ongoing operation of our Jerusalem facility, our operations may be materially adversely
affected. 

Cell
Cure is an Israeli company. Several countries, principally in the Middle East, still restrict doing business with Israel and Israeli
companies, and additional countries may impose restrictions on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies, whether as a result
of hostilities in the region or otherwise. In addition, there have been increased efforts by activists to cause companies, research institutions
and consumers to boycott Israeli goods and cooperation with Israeli-related entities based on Israeli government policies. Such actions,
particularly if they become more widespread, may adversely impact our ability to obtain supplies necessary to our manufacturing operations,
cooperate with research institutions and collaborate with other third parties. Any hostilities involving Israel, any interruption or
curtailment of trade or scientific cooperation between Israel and its present partners, or a significant downturn in the economic or
financial condition of Israel could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also be targeted
by cyber terrorists specifically because Cell Cure is an Israeli-related company. 

Israeli
citizens are obligated to perform several days, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve duty each year until they reach the
age of 40 (or older, for reservists who are military officers or who have certain occupations) and, in the event of a military conflict,
may be called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity, there have been periods of significant call-ups of military
reservists. It is possible that there will be military reserve duty call-ups in the future. Our operations could be disrupted by such
call-ups, which may include the call-up of Cell Cure management and other employees. Such disruption could materially adversely affect
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

40 | P a g e 

Cell
Cure has received Israeli government grants for certain of its research and development activities. The terms of these grants may require
us to seek approvals and to satisfy specified conditions to manufacture products and transfer or license grant-supported technologies
outside of Israel. In the context of such approvals, we will be required to pay penalties in addition to the repayment of the grants.
Such grants are applied for on a yearly basis and may not be available or only partially granted in the future, which would increase
our costs. 

Cell
Cure has received Israeli government grants for certain of its research and development activities, including grants under the Innovation
Law. The terms of these grants require prior approval and the satisfaction of specified conditions to manufacture products and transfer
or license technologies outside of Israel. See Item 1. Business Grants from Government Entities, above. For example,
the OpRegen program has been supported in part by the IIA through a series of separate research grants, beginning in 2007. As a result,
and subject to the requirements of the Innovation Law, we are obligated to pay to the IIA approximately 24.3 of the upfront, milestone,
and royalty payments we may receive under the Roche Agreement, up to an aggregate cap on all payments to IIA, such cap growing over time
via interest accrual until paid in full, which as of December 31, 2022, currently stands at approximately 91.2 million. 

The
restrictions under the Innovation Law may impair our ability to enter into any future agreements which involve IIA-funded products or
know-how without the approval of IIA, or limit the economic benefit that we might derive under such agreements. We cannot be certain
that any approval of IIA will be obtained on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. We may not receive the required approvals should
we wish to transfer or license IIA-funded know-how, manufacturing and/or development outside of Israel in the future. Furthermore, in
the event that we undertake a transaction involving the transfer to a non-Israeli entity of know-how developed with IIA-funding pursuant
to a merger or similar transaction, the consideration available to our shareholders may be significantly reduced by the amounts we are
required to pay to the IIA. Any approval, if given, will generally be subject to additional financial obligations. Failure to comply
with the requirements under the Innovation Law may subject Cell Cure to mandatory repayment of grants received by it (together with interest
and penalties), as well as expose its directors and management to criminal proceedings. In addition, the IIA may from time-to-time conduct
royalty audits. Further grants may not be approved or reduced in the future, which would increase our costs. IIA approval is not required
for the marketing or distribution of products resulting from the IIA-funded research or development in the ordinary course of business. 

We
have relied on grant funding from CIRM to support clinical development of OPC1 and we may not be able to obtain additional CIRM funding,
which could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. In addition, our profits from the sale of products resulting
from CIRM-funded development, if any, will be reduced by amounts that we are required to pay CIRM. 

The
clinical development of OPC1 has been supported by 14.3 million of funding as of the date of this report from CIRM, a state agency established
to fund stem cell research and development of new stem cell-based treatments. We intend to apply for additional CIRM grants; however,
we cannot provide any assurance that CIRM will have access to additional funds for grants or that any such funding will be awarded to
us. If we are unable to obtain another CIRM grant or if the grant funding is insufficient, we may need to raise funds through other mechanisms
to continue clinical development of OPC1, which could have a higher cost of capital, cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our
operations or require us to relinquish rights on unfavorable terms. See Item 1. Business Grants from Government Entities, 
above. 

In
addition, the terms of our grant award from CIRM require, and we expect the terms of any future grant from CIRM will require, royalty
payments to CIRM based on sales of products developed with CIRM funding, if any, which will reduce our profits on sales of such products. 

Our
international business exposes us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks associated with doing
business outside of the United States. 

Cell
Cure is our 94 owned subsidiary located in Jerusalem, Israel. Currently, all of our cGMP manufacturing processes, including cell banking
and product manufacturing for our cell therapy product candidates, are conducted by Cell Cure at its Jerusalem facility. A portion of
our OpRegen Phase 1/2a clinical trial has been conducted at sites in Israel. Conducting operations internationally involves a number
of risks, including: 

difficulty
 in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

failure
 by us to obtain the appropriate regulatory approvals; 

41 | P a g e 

logistics
 and regulations associated with shipping drug product or patient samples, including infrastructure conditions and transportation
 delays; 

financial
 risks, such as longer payment cycles and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

subject
 to tax on Global Intangible Low Tax Income earned by foreign subsidiaries; 

political
 and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment of trade and
 other business restrictions; 

multiple,
 conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws, data and privacy
 laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; and 

regulatory
 and compliance risks that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act, anti-boycott laws
 and other anti-corruption laws. 

Any
of these factors could significantly harm our international operations and, consequently, our results of operations. In addition, any
failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could impact us in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited
to, significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, including imprisonment of individuals, fines and penalties, denial of export
privileges, seizure of shipments, and restrictions on certain business activities. Also, the failure to comply with applicable legal
and regulatory obligations could result in the disruption of our clinical trial activities. 

Our
international operations could be affected by changes in laws, trade regulations, labor and employment regulations, and procedures and
actions affecting approval, production, pricing, reimbursement and marketing of tests, as well as by inter-governmental disputes. Any
of these changes could adversely affect our business. 

Our
success internationally will depend, in part, on our ability to develop and implement policies and strategies that are effective in anticipating
and managing these and other risks, particularly in Israel. Failure to manage these and other risks may have a material adverse effect
on our operations in Israel and on our business as a whole. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected, and it and any other similar public health crisis may in the future have a material adverse effect
on, our operations, including the conduct of our clinical trials, as well as the operations of third parties on which we rely. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic and the United States declared a national emergency
with respect to COVID-19. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of governmental orders and other public health guidance
measures were implemented across much of the United States and Israel, including in the locations of our office and manufacturing
facility, clinical trial sites and third parties on which we rely, including quarantines, prohibitions on non-essential operations
and gatherings at physical locations, and travel restrictions. The COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to reduce its spread
disrupted our normal course of business operations, including with the implementation of an employee work-from-home policy and
travel restrictions, and negatively affected clinical trials of our product candidates. In particular, patient enrollment was
delayed in our OpRegen Phase 1/2a clinical trial and the VAC2 Phase 1 clinical trial conducted by Cancer Research UK. Clinical trial
sites paused enrollment to focus on, and direct resources to, the COVID-19 pandemic, to adhere to national or local guidelines
restricting non-essential operations and gatherings, or in the interest of patient safety. Additionally, some 
enrolled patients in those trials decided not to participate in follow-up visits on schedule or at all . 

42 | P a g e 

Significant
uncertainty remains relating to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or possible endemic, on the global economy and on our
business, operating results and financial condition. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or potentially similar public health crises
in the future, and related governmental orders and other public health guidance measures, we may experience business disruptions that
could materially and adversely impact our product development programs, business prospects, operating results and financial condition.
Potential disruptions might include but are not limited to: 

delays
 or difficulties in clinical trial site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and staff, 

delays
 or difficulties in enrolling patients or conducting follow-up visits with patients in our clinical trials, particularly patients
 who may be at higher risk of complications from COVID-19; 

increased
 rates of patients withdrawing from our clinical trials following enrollment as a result of contracting COVID-19 or other health conditions
 or being forced to quarantine; 

diversion
 of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including at hospitals or other facilities serving as our clinical
 trial sites; 

interruption
 of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to limitations on travel; 

limitations
 on employee or other resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical trials and preclinical work, including
 because of sickness of employees or their families, the desire of employees to avoid travel or contact with large groups of people,
 an increased reliance on working from home, school closures or mass transit disruptions; 

manufacturing
 delays and difficulties for us and our suppliers of raw materials caused by business closures, operational restrictions or labor
 shortages; 

delays
 in clinical trial sites receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct our clinical trials, including interruption in global
 shipping that may affect the transport of clinical trial materials; 

changes
 in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 outbreak which may require us to change the ways in which our clinical
 trials are conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue the clinical trials altogether; 

interruption
 or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, including with respect to their manufacturing or clinical
 trial site inspections, which may impact their ability to timely review and process any submissions we or our collaborators file;

risk
 that participants enrolled in our clinical trials will contract COVID-19 or other health conditions while the clinical trial is ongoing,
 which could impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; and 

refusal
 of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies. 

If
patient enrollment or follow-up in our clinical trials is delayed for an extended period of time due to the COVID-19 pandemic or another
public health crisis, our clinical trials could be significantly delayed or otherwise adversely affected. Our inability to enroll or
follow a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials could require us to suspend or abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. 

In
addition, quarantines, shelter-in-place and similar government orders, or the perception that such orders, shutdowns or other restrictions
on the conduct of business operations could occur, related to COVID-19 or other infectious diseases could impact personnel at our CROs
or third-party suppliers upon which we rely, or the availability or cost of materials necessary to produce our product candidates, which
could disrupt the supply chain for our product candidates. To the extent our suppliers and service providers are unable to comply with
their obligations under our agreements with them or they are otherwise unable to deliver or are delayed in delivering goods and services
to us due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to continue meeting clinical supply demand for our product candidates or otherwise advancing
development of our product candidates may become impaired. 

43 | P a g e 

The
spread of COVID-19 and actions taken to reduce its spread may also materially affect us economically. While the potential economic impact
brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic may be difficult to assess or predict, there could be a significant disruption
of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity and financial
position. In addition, the trading prices for other biotechnology companies have been volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
As a result, we may face difficulties raising capital through sales of our common shares or such sales may be on unfavorable terms. 

Moreover,
many of our office-based employees continue to work remotely at least part of the time, which may negatively impact productivity and
exacerbate certain risks to our business, including cybersecurity attacks and data security incidents due to an increase in the number
of points of potential attack. 

The
extent to which COVID-19 may impede the development of our product candidates, reduce the productivity of our employees, disrupt our
supply chains, delay our clinical trials, reduce our access to capital, limit our business development activities, or otherwise adversely
impact our business, operating results and financial condition or those of third parties on which we rely will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the pandemic, adverse impacts of new coronavirus
variants, new information that will emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19, and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact,
among others. 

In
addition, to the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the
effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this Risk Factors section. 

Our
business could be adversely affected if we lose the services of the key personnel upon whom we depend or if we fail to attract senior
management and key scientific personnel. 

We
believe that our continued success depends to a significant extent upon our efforts and ability to retain highly qualified personnel,
including our Chief Executive Officer. All of our officers and other employees are at-will employees and may terminate their employment
with us at any time with no advance notice. The loss of the services of Mr. Culley or other members of our senior management could have
a material adverse effect on us. Further, the replacement of any of such individuals would likely involve significant time and costs
and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business and clinical objectives and would harm our business. 

In
addition, we could experience difficulties attracting qualified employees in the future. For example, competition for qualified personnel
in the biotechnology and medical device field is intense due to the limited number of individuals who possess the skills and experience
required by our industry. We will need to hire additional personnel as we expand our business, including our clinical development activities.
We may not be able to attract quality personnel on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors,
we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential
information or that their former employers own their research output. 

Changes
in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash
flow, financial condition or results of operations. 

New
income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could adversely
affect our business operations and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could
be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, the Biden administration and Congress have proposed various
U.S. federal tax law changes, which if enacted could have a material impact on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results
of operations. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the federal tax laws. Future tax reform
legislation could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges, and could
increase our future U.S. tax expense. 

44 | P a g e 

Our
ability to use net operating losses and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes may be subject to limitations .

As
of December 31, 2022, we had substantial net operating loss NOL carryforwards for U.S. federal and state tax purposes
and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income. However, our federal NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes may not be
available to offset future taxable income because of restrictions under U.S. tax law and similar limitations that may apply under state
tax laws. A portion of our federal and state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire, if not utilized, in varying amounts between 2027
and 2042. Our federal research and development tax credit carryforwards expire in varying amounts between 2022 and 2042, the California
research and development tax credit carryforwards have no expiration date. See Note 13 (Income Taxes) to our consolidated financial statements
included in this report for additional information. NOL carryforwards and research and development and other tax credits that expire
unused will be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Under federal income tax law, federal NOL carryforwards generated
in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such NOL carryforwards
is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states that we may operate in will conform to the
federal tax law. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ), and
corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a
greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change
NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We have experienced ownership
changes in the past and we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some
of which may be outside of our control. As a result, our ability to use our pre-change NOL carryforwards and tax credits to offset post-change
taxable income, if any, could be subject to significant limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply. In addition,
at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOL carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate
or permanently increase state taxes owed. For example, in 2020, California enacted A.B. 85 which imposed limits on the usability of California
state NOL carryforwards and certain tax credits in tax years beginning after 2019 and before 2022. As a result of limitations on our
ability to use our NOL carryforwards and tax credits, we may be unable to gain the benefit of a material portion of our NOL carryforwards
and tax credits, which could harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future income tax obligations. 

Taxing
authorities could reallocate our taxable income among our subsidiaries, which could increase our overall tax liability. 

We
are organized in the United States, and currently have subsidiaries in Israel and Singapore. If we succeed in growing our business, we
expect to conduct increased operations through subsidiaries in various tax jurisdictions pursuant to transfer pricing arrangements between
us and our subsidiaries. If two or more affiliated companies are located in different countries, the tax laws or regulations of each
country generally will require that such arrangements be priced the same as those between unrelated companies dealing at arm s
length and that appropriate documentation is maintained to support the value of such arrangements. Our transfer pricing policies were
formulated with the assistance of third-party experts; however, tax authorities in any country may disagree with our transfer pricing
policies and procedures. If tax authorities in any of these countries were to successfully challenge our transfer prices as not reflecting
arm s length transactions, they could require us to adjust our transfer prices and thereby reallocate our income to reflect these
revised transfer prices, which could result in a higher tax liability to us. In addition, if the country from which the income is reallocated
does not agree with the reallocation, both countries could tax the same income, resulting in double taxation. If tax authorities were
to allocate income to a higher tax jurisdiction, subject our income to double taxation or assess interest and penalties, it would increase
our tax liability, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Because
a portion of our expenses are incurred in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, our results of operations may be harmed by currency
fluctuations. 

Our
reporting and functional currency is the United States Dollar, but a material portion of our research and development and other operating
expenses are incurred in Israeli New Shekels through our subsidiary Cell Cure. As a result, we are exposed to some currency fluctuation
risks. Fluctuation in the exchange rate of the foreign currency has an influence on and may adversely affect our comprehensive loss and
cash flows. 

45 | P a g e 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

We
may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback and false claims
laws, transparency laws, and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with
such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

Our
current and future operations may be subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, and healthcare professional transparency laws and regulations. These laws may impact,
among other things, our research activities and our proposed sales, marketing, and education programs. In addition, we may be subject
to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect
our ability to operate include: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting,
 receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, the purchase or recommendation of
 an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among
 other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid,
 or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent; 

HIPAA,
 which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit
 program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by HITECH and their implementing regulations, which imposes certain requirements on covered entities, including
 certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their respective business associates 
 that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity, and
 their subcontractors that use, disclose, access, or otherwise process individually identifiable protected health information, relating
 to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

The
 Physician Payments Sunshine Act which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies for which payment
 is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually
 to the CMS, information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists,
 podiatrists, and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and
 teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members and applicable group
 purchasing organizations; and 

state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services
 reimbursed by any third-party payors, including commercial insurers, state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with
 the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws
 that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare
 providers, marketing expenditures, or drug pricing, state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives,
 and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each
 other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, it is possible that
some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, recent healthcare reform legislation
has strengthened these laws. 

46 | P a g e 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply, we may
be subject to significant penalties, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion
from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, imprisonment,
and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our
results of operations. 

If
we do not receive regulatory approvals, we will not be permitted to sell our product candidates. 

Our
investigational cell therapies cannot be marketed or sold until the FDA and corresponding foreign regulatory authorities approve the
products for the human medical applications for which they are being developed. In addition, the regulatory approval process for novel
product candidates such as ours can be more complex and consequently more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively
studied pharmaceutical or other product candidates. The need to obtain regulatory approval to market a new product means that: 

We
 will have to conduct expensive and time-consuming clinical trials of new products. The full cost of conducting and completing clinical
 trials necessary to obtain FDA and foreign regulatory approval of a new product cannot be presently determined but could exceed our
 current financial resources. 

Clinical
 trials and the regulatory approval process for a pharmaceutical or cell-based product can take several years to complete. As a result,
 we will incur the expense and delay inherent in seeking FDA and foreign regulatory approval of new products, even if the results
 of clinical trials are favorable. 

Data
 obtained from preclinical and clinical studies is susceptible to varying interpretations and regulatory changes that could delay,
 limit, or prevent regulatory agency approvals. 

Because
 the therapeutic products we are developing with pluripotent stem cell technology involve the application of new technologies and
 approaches to medicine, the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may subject those products to additional or more stringent review
 than drugs or biologics derived from other technologies. 

A
 product that is approved may be subject to restrictions on use. 

The
 FDA can recall or withdraw approval of a product, if it deems necessary. 

We
 will face similar regulatory issues in foreign countries. 

Government-imposed
bans or restrictions and religious, moral, and ethical concerns about the use of hES cells could prevent us from developing and successfully
marketing stem cell products. 

Government-imposed
bans or restrictions on the use of embryos or hES cells in research and development in the United States and abroad could generally constrain
stem cell research, thereby limiting the market and demand for our products. During March 2009, the federal government, pursuant to a
presidential executive order, lifted certain restrictions on federal funding of research involving the use of hES cells, and in accordance
with the executive order, the NIH has adopted guidelines for determining the eligibility of hES cell lines for use in federally funded
research. The central focus of the guidelines is to assure that hES cells used in federally funded research were derived from human embryos
that were created for reproductive purposes, were no longer needed for this purpose, and were voluntarily donated for research purposes
with the informed written consent of the donors. The hES cells that were derived from embryos created for research purposes rather than
reproductive purposes, and other hES cells that were not derived in compliance with the guidelines, are not eligible for use in federally
funded research. California law requires that stem cell research be conducted under the oversight of a SCRO Committee. Many kinds of
stem cell research, including the derivation of new hES cell lines, may only be conducted in California with the prior written approval
of the SCRO Committee. A SCRO Committee could prohibit or impose restrictions on the research that we plan to do. The use of hES cells
may give rise to religious, moral, and ethical issues. These considerations could lead to more restrictive government regulations or
could generally constrain stem cell research, thereby limiting the market and demand for our products. 

47 | P a g e 

Some
of our product candidates, may be considered combination products by the FDA and other regulatory authorities, which could increase the
complexity, cost and timeline for their development and regulatory approval. 

To
the extent our product candidates meet the FDA s or other regulatory authority s definition of a combination product, the
regulatory approval requirements can be more complex because in addition to the individual regulatory requirements for each component,
e.g., a biologic and a medical device, additional combination product regulatory requirements may apply. The cost and timeline for development
of any of our cell therapy product candidates determined to be a combination product may be substantially greater than that of other
product candidates. 

We
expect that the commercial opportunity for some of our products may depend on our ability, or that of a commercial collaborator, to obtain
and maintain reimbursement and continued coverage from various payors, including government agencies and insurance companies. 

If
these third-party payors do not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other therapies, they may not cover our products
as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a profitable
basis. 

For
example, in the United States, healthcare providers are reimbursed for covered services and products they deliver through Medicare, Medicaid
and other government healthcare programs, as well as through private payers. No uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists
in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. Decisions regarding whether to cover
any of our product candidates, if approved, the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan
basis. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates,
but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. As a result, the coverage determination process
is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product
candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained
in the first instance. We may be required to provide specified rebates or discounts on the products we sell to certain government funded
programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, and those rebates or discounts have increased over time. The Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, as amended by the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA ), enacted in 2010, increased
many of the mandatory discounts and rebates and imposed a new branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers fee payable
each year by certain manufacturers. 

If
we are unable to establish or sustain coverage and adequate reimbursement for any product candidates from third-party payors, the adoption
of those products and sales revenue will be adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect the ability to market or sell
those product candidates, if approved. Further, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Therefore,
even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented
in the future. 

We
face similar issues outside of the United States. In some non-U.S. jurisdictions, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before
it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides
options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement
and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product,
or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on
the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products
will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not
follow price structures of the United States and generally tend to be significantly lower. 

48 | P a g e 

Legislation
and legislative and regulatory proposals intended to contain health care costs may adversely affect our business. 

There
has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription
drugs and biologics. As an example, in August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription
drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the
federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise
tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare
Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part
D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. Further, the Biden administration released
an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, the U.S. Department of Health Human Services to submit a report within 90 days
on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare
and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future.
The impact of these legislative, executive, and administrative actions and any future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented
on the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear. The implementation of cost containment measures, including the prescription drug
provisions under the Inflation Reduction Act, as well as other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue,
attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates if approved. 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or other events or conditions outside of their control could negatively
impact our business. 

The
ability of the FDA to review and approve proposed clinical trials or new product candidates can be affected by a variety of factors,
including, but not limited to, government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment
of user fees, statutory, regulatory, and policy changes, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform
routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of
other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid
and unpredictable. 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary
government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA s inspectional
activities were interrupted and restarted on a risk-based basis, which had the effect of delaying review and potential approval of product
candidate marketing applications. In addition, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December 22, 2018, the
U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees
and stop various activities. 

The
ACA and future changes to that law may adversely affect our business. 

As
a result of the adoption of the ACA, in the United States, substantial changes have been made to the system for paying for healthcare
in the United States. Among the ACA s provisions of importance to our industry are that it: 

created
 the branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers annual fee; 

increased
 the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer
 price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average
 Manufacturer Price. However, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates
 the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024; 

created
 new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and
 biologics that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

49 | P a g e 

extended
 manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care
 organizations; 

expanded
 eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals
 and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby
 potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

expanded
 the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health program; 

created
 a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness
 research, along with funding for such research; 

established
 a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and
 Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending; and 

created
 a licensure framework for follow on biologic products. 

There
have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive
repeal legislation, it has enacted laws that modify certain provisions of the ACA such as removing penalties for not complying with the
ACA s individual mandate to carry health insurance, and eliminating the implementation of certain ACA-mandated fees. In June 2021,
the United States Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because
the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. Moreover, prior
to the United States Supreme Court ruling, in January 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that, among other things, instructed
certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among
others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary
barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to
judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges, other litigation, and the healthcare reform
measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, the Budget Control Act of
2011, includes reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to
subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension from
May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction
in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 3 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. On January 2, 2013, the American
Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including
hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five
years. Additionally, Congress is considering additional health reform measures. 

50 | P a g e 

Further,
there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost
of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent presidential executive orders, congressional inquiries
and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review
the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products.
At the federal level, the Trump administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal
budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives. For example, in 2020 the Trump administration announced several executive
orders related to prescription drug pricing that attempted to implement several of the administration s proposals. As a result,
the FDA concurrently released a final rule and guidance in September 2020, providing pathways for states to build and submit importation
plans for drugs from Canada. Further, in November 2020, the U.S. Department of Health Human Services HHS finalized
a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Medicare Part
D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The implementation of the rule
has been delayed until 2032 by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected
at the point-of-sale, as well as a new safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers,
the implementation of which has been delayed until 2032 by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. On November 20, 2020, CMS issued an interim
final rule implementing President Trump s Most Favored Nation executive order, which would tie Medicare Part B payments for certain
physician-administered drugs to the lowest price paid in other economically advanced countries. The Most Favored Nation regulations mandate
participation by identified Medicare Part B providers and will apply in all U.S. states and territories for a seven-year period beginning
January 1, 2021, and ending December 31, 2027. As a result of litigation challenging the Most Favored Nation model, in December 2021,
CMS published a final rule that rescinds the Most Favored Nation model interim final rule. Further, in July 2021, the Biden administration
released an executive order that included multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to President Biden s executive
order, in September 2021, the HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing
reform. The plan sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative
actions HHS can take to advance these principles. No legislation or administrative actions have been finalized to implement these principles.
Additionally, based on a recent executive order, the Biden administration expressed its intent to pursue certain policy initiatives to
reduce drug prices. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control
pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access
and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and
bulk purchasing. 

In
addition, it is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

If
we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the healthcare industry, we could face increased costs,
penalties and loss of business. 

Our
activities, and the activities of our collaborators, distributors and other third-party providers, are subject to extensive government
regulation and oversight both in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions. The FDA and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions will directly
regulate many of our most critical business activities, including the conduct of preclinical and clinical studies, product manufacturing,
future advertising and promotion, product distribution, adverse event reporting and product risk management. Our current and future interactions
in the U.S. or abroad with physicians and other healthcare providers that may prescribe or purchase our products once commercialized
are also subject to government regulation designed to prevent fraud and abuse in the sale and use of the products and place greater restrictions
on the marketing practices of healthcare companies. Healthcare companies are facing heightened scrutiny of their relationships with healthcare
providers from anti-corruption enforcement officials. In addition, healthcare companies have been the target of lawsuits and investigations
alleging violations of government regulation, including claims asserting submission of incorrect pricing information, impermissible off-label
promotion of pharmaceutical products, payments intended to influence the referral of healthcare business, submission of false claims
for government reimbursement, antitrust violations or violations related to environmental matters. Risks relating to compliance with
laws and regulations may be heightened as we bring products to the market globally. 

Regulations
governing the healthcare industry are subject to change, with possibly retroactive effect, including: 

new
 laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions, related to healthcare
 availability, pricing or marketing practices, compliance with wage and hour laws and other employment practices, method of delivery,
 payment for healthcare products and services, compliance with health information and data privacy and security laws and regulations,
 tracking and reporting payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, extensive anti-bribery and
 anti-corruption prohibitions, product serialization and labeling requirements and used product take-back requirements; 

changes
 in the FDA and foreign regulatory approval processes that may delay or prevent the approval of new products and result in lost market
 opportunity; 

51 | P a g e 

requirements
 that provide for increased transparency of clinical trial results and quality data, such as the EMA s clinical transparency
 policy, which could impact our ability to protect trade secrets and competitively sensitive information contained in approval applications
 or could be misinterpreted leading to reputational damage, misperception or legal action which could harm our business; and 

changes
 in FDA and foreign regulations that may require additional safety monitoring, labeling changes, restrictions on product distribution
 or use, or other measures after the introduction of our products to market, which could increase our costs of doing business, adversely
 affect the future permitted uses of approved products, or otherwise adversely affect the market for our products. 

Violations
of governmental regulation may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions against us, including fines and civil monetary penalties
and exclusion from participation in government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, as well as against executives overseeing our
business. In addition to penalties for violation of laws and regulations, we could be required to repay amounts we received from government
payors or pay additional rebates and interest if we are found to have miscalculated the pricing information we have submitted to the
government. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies and procedures will in every instance protect us from acts committed
by our employees, collaborators, partners or third-party providers that would violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in
which we operate. Whether or not we have complied with the law, an investigation into alleged unlawful conduct could increase our expenses,
damage our reputation, divert management time and attention and adversely affect our business. 

Even
if we receive approval to market a product candidate, we may be subject to extensive post-approval regulatory obligations that may have
a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

Even
after initial FDA or foreign regulatory agency approval has been obtained, further studies may be required to provide additional data
on safety or to gain approval for the use of a product as a treatment for clinical indications other than those initially targeted. Use
of a product during testing and after marketing could reveal side effects that could delay, impede, or prevent marketing approval, result
in a regulatory agency-ordered product recall, or in regulatory agency-imposed limitations on permissible uses or in withdrawal of approval.
For example, if the FDA or foreign regulatory agency becomes aware of new safety information after approval of a product, it may require
us to conduct further clinical trials to assess a known or potential serious risk and to assure that the benefit of the product outweigh
the risks. If we are required to conduct such a post-approval study, periodic status reports must be submitted to the FDA or foreign
regulatory agency. Failure to conduct such post-approval studies in a timely manner may result in substantial civil or criminal penalties.
Data resulting from these clinical trials may result in expansions or restrictions to the labeled indications for which a product has
already been approved. Any of these requirements or actions may negatively impact our business or operations. 

The
FDA has granted orphan drug designation to OPC1 for the treatment of acute spinal cord injuries, but there is no guarantee we will be
able to maintain orphan drug designation or obtain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including marketing exclusivity.

We
have orphan drug designation from the FDA for OPC1 for the treatment of acute spinal cord injuries. As discussed in more detail in Item
1. Business Government Regulation FDA and Foreign Regulation of Therapeutic Products, above, generally, if
a biologic with orphan drug designation from the FDA subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which
it has such designation, the product is entitled to seven years of marketing exclusivity in the United States. Other benefits of an orphan
drug designation may include a waiver of the marketing application fee. However, the orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage
in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process. 

Orphan
drug designation may not effectively protect OPC1 from competition because different drugs or biologics can be approved for the same
indication and only the first biologic with an orphan drug designation to receive FDA approval for the treatment of acute spinal cord
injuries will receive marketing exclusivity. OPC1 may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader
than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost
if the FDA later determines that our request for orphan drug designation was materially defective or if we are unable to assure sufficient
quantities of the commercial product to meet the needs of patients with acute spinal cord injuries. 

52 | P a g e 

Risks
Related to Our Clinical Development and Commercial Operations 

Clinical
development of new therapeutic products is a lengthy and expensive process with a high level of uncertainty as to timing and ultimate
outcome. 

Clinical
and nonclinical development of new therapeutic products is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome and timing
are inherently uncertain. Our clinical trials may not be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all, and failure can occur
at any time during the development process. There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidates
proceeding through clinical trials, and cell therapy is a relatively new field, which may heighten the risk of failure. Events that may
prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development of our product candidates include, but are not limited to: 

inability
 to generate satisfactory preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data or diagnostics to support the initiation
 or continuation of clinical studies necessary for product approval; 

delays
 in identifying, developing or securing rights to use, and testing delivery systems or other methods for administration of our potential
 cell therapies; 

delays
 in securing clinical investigators and agreeing on acceptable terms with contract research organizations CROs and
 clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among CROs and clinical
 trial sites; 

delays
 in obtaining required institutional review board IRB or ethics committee EC approval at each clinical
 trial site; 

failure
 obtaining permission from regulatory authorities to conduct a clinical trial after review of an IND or equivalent foreign application
 or amendment; 

slower
 than anticipated rates of patient recruitment and enrollment (including as a result of actual or threatened public health emergencies
 and outbreaks of disease such as the COVID-19 pandemic), or failure to reach the targeted number of study participants due to competition
 from other clinical trials or available treatment options (some potentially newly approved and marketed), or patients dropping out
 of our clinical studies once enrolled; 

failure
 by clinical sites or our CROs or other third parties to adhere to clinical trial requirements or report complete findings; 

failure
 to perform the clinical studies in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practices requirements or applicable foreign regulatory
 guidelines; 

occurrence
 of serious adverse events SAEs or adverse events AEs associated with our product candidates or with
 product candidates of third parties that may have characteristics similar to or perceived to be similar to our product candidates; 

negative
 or inconclusive results from our clinical trials or clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to ours, which may result
 in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical studies or to curtail or abandon development programs
 for a product candidate; 

inadequate
 effectiveness or unacceptable side effects, possibly resulting in the FDA or other regulatory authorities denying approval of our
 product candidates; 

approval
 and introduction of new therapies or changes in standards of practice or regulatory guidance that render our clinical trial endpoints
 or the targeting of our proposed indications obsolete; 

53 | P a g e 

inability
 to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment or problems with patient compliance with the clinical trial protocols; 

inability
 or unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinical trial protocols; 

inadequate
 supply or quality of clinical trial materials or other supplies necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 

delayed
 or unfavorable FDA or other regulatory agency inspection and review of a clinical trial site or a manufacturing facility; 

inability
 to use clinical trial results from foreign jurisdictions to support U.S. regulatory approval; 

changes
 in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending clinical trial protocols or conducting additional clinical or nonclinical
 studies; and 

greater
 than anticipated cost of clinical studies of our product candidates. 

If
patients drop out of our clinical trials, miss scheduled doses or follow-up visits or otherwise fail to follow clinical trial protocols,
or if our clinical trials are otherwise disrupted due to unforeseen events, such as previously occurred as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
as discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, the integrity of data from our clinical trials may be compromised or not accepted
by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which would represent a significant setback for the applicable program. 

Delays
or any inability to successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval could result in additional costs to us,
impair our ability to generate revenue and harm our financial condition. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during
which our products have patent protection and may allow competitors to develop and bring products to market before we do and may harm
our prospects and results of operations. 

The
results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates are not necessarily predictive of future results.
Our product candidates may not have favorable results in later clinical trials despite positive results in preclinical and early clinical
studies, which may have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

All
of our product candidates will require substantial additional development, and no assurances can be given that the development of any
of our product candidates will ultimately be successful. Results from preclinical testing and clinical studies of our product candidates,
may support continued development and we may spend significant time and resources on development of a potential product based on results
of such early studies, but product candidates in later stages of development may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy results necessary
for regulatory approval or commercial viability. Many companies in our industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical
trials due to lack of efficacy, insufficient durability of efficacy or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results
in earlier trials. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products. A failure of one or more clinical
studies can occur at any stage of development, including in a post-approval study. 

In
later clinical studies, our product candidates may not demonstrate the efficacy, durability of efficacy, or safety achieved in preclinical
and earlier clinical studies for a variety of reasons, including: 

our
 efforts to improve, standardize, and scale up the manufacture of our clinical product candidates, including OpRegen, OPC1, and VAC2,
 and any resulting changes to the product candidates, may adversely affect the safety, purity, potency or efficacy of such product
 candidates; 

differences
 in delivery systems or other methods of transplant or administration of our cell formulations; 

differences
 in trial design, including number of subjects, controls (type and number), eligibility criteria, patient populations, and endpoints; 

54 | P a g e 

advancements
 in the standard of care, including newly approved and/or marketed products, may affect our ability to demonstrate efficacy or achieve
 trial endpoints in our current or future clinical trials; and 

variability
 in interpretation and analysis of study data. 

For
example, based on data analyzed to date, in our Phase 1/2a open-label trial for OpRegen, OpRegen has been well tolerated and demonstrated
an acceptable safety profile, with no unexpected adverse events, while having qualifiable and quantifiable therapeutic potential in patients
with geographic atrophy secondary to age-related macular degeneration. However, positive data from the Phase 1/2a trial are not necessarily
predictive of results that may be seen from the Phase 2a clinical trial that Roche launched in late 2022. We do not know how OpRegen
will perform in that Phase 2a trial or future clinical trials. 

Additional
clinical trials of our product candidates, which may include registrational trials, trials in additional patient populations or under
different treatment conditions, and trials using different manufacturing protocols, processes, materials or facilities or under different
manufacturing conditions, will be necessary before we or our collaborators are able to seek approvals for our product candidates from
the FDA and regulatory authorities outside the United States to market and sell these product candidates. Our failure, or that of our
collaborators, to meet the requirements to support marketing approval for our product candidates in ongoing and future clinical trials
would substantially harm our business and prospects. If clinical trials of our product candidates are not successful, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially harmed, and the price of our common shares may decline significantly following
announcement of an unsuccessful clinical trial. 

Interim,
topline and preliminary data from clinical trials of our product candidates that we or our collaborators publicly disclose from time
to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material
changes in the final data. 

From
time to time, we or collaborators conducting clinical trials of our product candidates may publicly disclose interim, preliminary or
topline data from those clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related
findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular trial. We
also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had
the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, preliminary and topline results reported for clinical trials of
our product candidates may differ from final results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such
results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Such data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures
that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously disclosed. As a result, preliminary
and topline data should be viewed with reservation until the final data are available. From time to time, we may also disclose interim
data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the
clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between
preliminary, topline or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. 

Further,
others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses
or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability
or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose
to publicly disclose regarding a particular trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree
with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine
not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding
a particular product candidate or our business. If the topline data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including
regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates
may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 

55 | P a g e 

The
manufacture of our cell therapy product candidates is complex, highly regulated and subject to a multitude of risks. We have limited
experience manufacturing our product candidates on a clinical scale and no experience manufacturing on a commercial scale. Any failure
by us or any third party on which we may depend to manufacture our product candidates in sufficient quantities in accordance with our
quality standards and regulatory requirements and at acceptable costs, may result in significant clinical development delays or impair
our ability, or that of a strategic collaborator, to obtain approval for or commercialize our product candidates. 

The
manufacture and supply of our cell therapy product candidates involve novel processes that are generally more complex than those
required for small molecule drugs and accordingly present significant challenges and are subject to multiple risks. These complex
processes involve the expansion and differentiating of the pluripotent cells to obtain the desired cell product candidate.
Manufacturing our product candidates requires significant expertise and capital investment, including in the development and
validation of advanced manufacturing techniques and specific quality assurance and quality control procedures. As a result of the
complexities involved, the cost to manufacture human cell-based biologics is generally higher than for traditional therapies or
vaccines and the manufacturing process is less reliable and more difficult to reproduce. In addition, our cost of goods development
is at an early stage. The actual cost to manufacture and supply our product candidates could be greater than we expect and could
materially and adversely affect the commercial viability of our product candidates. Excessive manufacturing costs could make our
product candidates too expensive to compete with alternative products or therapies, or might result in third-party payors declining
to cover our products or setting coverage levels too low for us to earn a profit from the commercialization of one or more of our
products. 

We
intend to manufacture all of the clinical supply of our cell therapy product candidates for ongoing and planned clinical trials. We will
need to scale up our manufacturing operations, as we do not currently have the infrastructure or capability to manufacture sufficient
quantities of each of our product candidates to support commercialization, if approved. Currently, as described elsewhere in this Risk
Factors section, we are entirely dependent on our subsidiary Cell Cure and its manufacturing facility located in Israel for the manufacture
and supply of our cell therapy product candidates. While that facility is designed and equipped to enable simultaneous cGMP processes
and to produce a range of human cell therapy products for use in clinical trials, as well as at a scale suitable for commercial launch,
we will need greater manufacturing capacity to support commercial development of all our product candidates. If we do not have sufficient
capital to increase our internal manufacturing capabilities, we may need to rely on third-parties to manufacture and supply any products
we develop and there is no assurance that we would be able to identify third parties capable of manufacturing our product candidates
on acceptable terms or at all. 

We
are still developing optimized and reproducible manufacturing processes for clinical and commercial-scale manufacturing of our product
candidates. To date, we have not scaled the manufacturing processes with respect to any of our product candidates for commercialization.
None of our manufacturing processes have been validated for commercial production of our product candidates. We may face multiple challenges
as we scale up our manufacturing operations and, ultimately, we may not be successful as to one or more of our product candidates. These
challenges include, among others, cost overruns, potential problems with process scale-up, process reproducibility, stability and purity
issues, compliance with cGMP and cGTP, lot consistency and timely availability and quality of acceptable reagents and raw materials.
In addition, we are continuing to optimize our protocols for the supply and transport of our product candidates for distribution to clinical
trial sites. Although we are working to develop reproducible and commercially viable manufacturing processes for our product candidates,
and effective protocols for the supply and transport of our product candidates, doing so is a difficult and uncertain task. If we are
unable to scale production to the level required for commercialization, we may not be able to meet the requirements for the potential
commercial launch or to meet potential future demand if any product candidates are approved for commercialization, which would have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

56 | P a g e 

The
manufacturing processes for any products that we may develop and the facilities used to manufacture our product candidates are subject
to FDA and foreign regulatory authority approval requirements, and we will need to meet, and any third party manufacturers we may rely
on the future will need to meet, all applicable FDA and foreign regulatory authority requirements on an ongoing basis. We cannot provide
assurance that the manufacturing processes that we use, or the technologies that we incorporate into these processes, will result in
viable or scalable yields of our cell therapy product candidates that will be safe and effective. We may be required to identify alternative
protocols, processes, raw materials, or facilities for the manufacture of any of our product candidates in compliance with applicable
regulatory requirements. In addition, we may be required to increase our safety testing protocols for our product candidates. Any modifications
to our manufacturing and supply protocols, processes, safety testing, materials or facilities, and any delays in, or inability to, establish
acceptable manufacturing and supply operations for our product candidates could require us to incur substantial additional development
costs or result in significant delays to our clinical development. If we, or any third-party manufacturer we may rely on in the future,
are unable to reliably produce products to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, we may not obtain or
maintain the regulatory approvals we need to commercialize our product candidates. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any product
candidates, there is no assurance that either we or any future third-party manufacturer will be able to manufacture the approved product
to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities and on the requisite
timelines to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product, or to meet potential future demand. Additionally, changes
in regulatory requirements may require us or our third-party manufacturers to perform additional studies or to modify protocols, processes,
materials or facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or any components thereof. Any of these challenges could delay
initiation or completion of clinical trials, require bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase
clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidates, impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have
an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Changes
in or disruptions to our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
may have to make changes to our manufacturing operations or processes at various points during development, before or after commercialization,
for various reasons, such as to control costs, achieve scale, decrease processing time, increase manufacturing success rate, or for other
reasons. Such changes, even seemingly minor changes, carry the risk that they will not achieve their intended objectives, and any of
these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of any of our then-ongoing clinical trials
or future clinical trials, or the performance of the product. In certain circumstances, if we make changes to our manufacturing operations
or process for a product candidate, the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform comparability studies and collect
additional preclinical or clinical data prior to undertaking additional clinical trials or obtaining marketing approval for the product
candidate, or if already on the market, prior to supplying any product produced with such modified process. For instance, if we make
changes to our manufacturing process for a product candidate during the course of clinical development, regulatory authorities may require
us to show the comparability of the product used in earlier clinical phases or earlier portions of a trial to the product used in later
clinical phases or later portions of the trial. We may be unable to successfully generate comparability data, and even if we are able
to generate and provide such data, regulatory authorities may determine that the data are insufficient to support a determination of
comparability which would result in additional testing, and could result in manufacturing delays and affect our ability to timely commence
or complete clinical trials of our product candidate, which could delay further development or commercialization of such product candidate
and may increase our development costs substantially. 

Currently,
as described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, we are entirely dependent on our subsidiary Cell Cure and its manufacturing
facility located in Israel for the manufacture and supply of our cell therapy product candidates, and events or conditions that
disrupt operations at that facility could materially and adversely affect our business. In 2022, we announced the opening of a new
research and development facility in Carlsbad, California to support the development of current and future allogeneic cell
transplant programs. Utilization of this new facility for cGMP manufacturing of our product candidates will require significant
additional investment, including hiring and retaining additional experienced scientific, quality control, quality assurance, and
manufacturing personnel, which may be difficult given the intense competition for qualified personnel in our industry as described
elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. Even if we have sufficient capital to complete the build-out and staffing of the Carlsbad
facility, we will need to conduct significant development work to transfer our manufacturing processes to enable manufacturing of
any product candidate in our Carlsbad facility. Transferring manufacturing testing and processes and know-how is complex and
involves review and incorporation of both documented and undocumented processes that may have evolved over time. If, in the future
we were to engage a third-party manufacturer to conduct any of the cGMP manufacturing for our product candidates, or any product, we
would face similar and significant challenges in transferring manufacturing processes and know-how, which may delay the manufacture
of clinical trial or commercial supplies and disrupt or delay clinical development of our product candidates. In addition,
transferring production to different facilities may require utilization of new or different processes to meet the specific
requirements of a given facility. We may be required to demonstrate the comparability of clinical material generated at any new
facility with material previously produced and used in clinical testing. Any inability to manufacture comparable material by us or
any third-party manufacturer we may engage could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates and may
increase our development costs substantially. 

57 | P a g e 

Our
product candidates are susceptible to product loss or reduced manufacturing success rates at various points during the manufacturing
process, including quality issues due to contamination, equipment damage or failure, including during shipment or storage, failure of
equipment to operate as expected, improper installation or operation of equipment, operator error, damage to, variability of, or improper
use of raw materials or consumables necessary for the manufacturing process, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics,
and difficulties in scaling the production process. Any of these issues, and even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes,
could result in reduced production yields, product defects, and other supply disruptions and delays. If any contaminants are discovered
in our product candidates during its production or clinical testing this could lead to the withdrawal of our products from clinical trials.
Moreover, if the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities determine that we or any third-party manufacture on which we rely are
not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including cGMPs and cGTPs, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority
may not approve a marketing application until the deficiencies are corrected or we replace the manufacturer in our application with a
manufacturer that is in compliance, which we may not be able to do on a timely basis at a reasonable cost, or at all. If we or any third-party
manufacturer on which we rely fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may ultimately be unable to manufacture our product
candidates. Any such failure could be the basis for the FDA to issue a warning letter, withdraw approvals for product candidates previously
granted to us, or take other regulatory or legal action, including recall or seizure of supplies of the product candidate, total or partial
suspension of production, suspension of then-ongoing clinical trials, refusal to approve then-pending applications or supplemental applications,
detention of product, refusal to permit the import or export of products, injunction or imposing civil and criminal penalties. The occurrence
of any of these issues could result in product liability claims, delay or failure to commence or complete clinical development, obtain
regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates. 

Our
manufacturing operations, and those of any third-party manufacturer on which we may rely, are also susceptible to disruption due to resource
constraints, labor shortages, supply chain failures, public health emergencies such as the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflict,
acts of terrorism, political or economic instability or crises, natural disasters, and other reasons. Any adverse developments affecting
manufacturing operations for any of our product candidates may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product
withdrawals or recalls, or other supply interruptions that could negatively impact the conduct of our clinical trials or our ability
to successfully commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. We may also have to take inventory
write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for products that fail to meet specifications as a result of defects or storage over
an extended period of time, undertake costly remediation efforts, or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives, which may not be available
on a timely basis, or at all. 

Regenerative
Medicine Advanced Therapy RMAT designation may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or
approval process and it does not increase the likelihood that a product candidate will receive marketing approval. 

We
have received RMAT designation from the FDA for OPC1 for the treatment of subacute spinal cord injuries. There is no assurance that we
will be able to obtain RMAT designation for any other current or future product candidates. RMAT designation does not change the FDA s
standards for product approval, and there is no assurance that such designation will result in expedited review or approval or that the
approved indication will not be narrower than the indication covered by the RMAT designation. Additionally, RMAT designation can be revoked
if the criteria for eligibility cease to be met as clinical data emerges. 

58 | P a g e 

The
commercial success of any of our current or future product candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians,
patients, third-party payors, other healthcare providers and others in the medical community. 

Even
if a product candidate obtains regulatory approval, its commercial success will depend in part on physicians, patients, third-party payors,
other healthcare providers and others in the medical community accepting our product candidates as medically useful, cost-effective,
and safe. Any product we bring to the market may not gain market acceptance by such parties. The degree of market acceptance of any of
our products will depend on several factors, including without limitation: 

the
 efficacy of the product as demonstrated in clinical trials and potential advantages over competing treatments; 

the
 prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

the
 clinical indications for which approval is granted, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product s approved
 labeling; 

the
 convenience and ease of administration, including compared to alternative treatments; 

the
 cost of treatment, including in relation to alternative treatments; 

the
 willingness of the patients and physicians to accept and use these therapies; 

the
 marketing, sales and distribution support for the products; 

the
 publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and 

the
 pricing and availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors and government agencies 

Even
if a product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile upon approval, market acceptance of the product will be uncertain. Efforts
to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of the products may require significant investment and resources
and may never succeed. If our products fail to achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, other
healthcare providers and others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become or remain profitable. 

If
the market opportunities for our product candidates prove to be significantly smaller than we estimate, our business prospects may suffer .

Our
projections of addressable patient populations within any particular disease state or condition that may benefit from treatment with
our product candidates are based on our beliefs and estimates. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant
uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates. Our estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including market research
and publications and scientific literature estimating the total number of potential patients and currently approved or used therapies.
Our estimates are also based on assumptions regarding the potential size of the market assuming broad regulatory approval or potential
usage by physicians beyond the approved label. Any of our estimates may prove to be incorrect. The scope of approval and potential use
of any product candidate may be significantly narrower, and the number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Competitive
products or approaches may be approved or come into use and the potentially addressable patient population for each of our product candidates
may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates, and new patients may become increasingly difficult to
identify or gain access to. If any of our estimates proves to be inaccurate, the market opportunity for any of our product candidates
could be significantly diminished, which would have an adverse material impact on our business. 

We
face significant competition, and if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective, safer, more convenient, or
less expensive than our product candidates, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and particularly the still nascent area of cell therapies, is intensely competitive and
characterized by rapid and significant innovation. Any of our product candidates that obtains regulatory approval will face substantial
competition based on many different factors, including the relative safety and efficacy of our product, the relative ease of administration
of our product for healthcare providers, the convenience of our product for patients, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals for
our product, the cost of manufacturing our product and whether sufficient quantities can be produced to meet demand, our marketing and
sales capabilities or those of our collaborators, pricing, reimbursement coverage levels, and patent positions. Competing products could
present superior treatment alternatives, including by being more effective, safer or easier or more convenient to administer, or may
be less expensive for third-party payors or patients or marketed and sold more effectively than any products we may develop. 

59 | P a g e 

Our
competitors include a variety of major pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, as well as technology and therapeutics being developed at academic institutions and other public and private research institutions.
Many of our competitors have greater financial and other resources, such as larger research and development staff, more experienced manufacturing
organizations and facilities, and established sales and marketing organizations. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industries may result in even more resources, including intellectual property that may be necessary or useful for the development and
commercialization of our product candidates, being concentrated in our competitors and becoming unavailable to us on reasonable commercial
terms or at all. Third parties are commercializing, have developed, are developing or may develop product candidates, platform technologies
and processes that will compete with ours. Competitive therapeutic treatments include those that have already been approved and accepted
by the medical community and considered standard-of-care treatments, as well as novel treatments that are currently in preclinical or
clinical development or may otherwise enter the market. For example, in February 2023, the FDA approved Apellis Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. s SYFOVRE (pegcetacoplan injection) for the treatment of GA, and in February 2023, Iveric Bio, Inc. s new drug application
for Zimura (avacincaptad pegol) for the treatment of GA secondary to AMD was accepted by the FDA. In addition to the foregoing, we
believe that a significant number of product candidates are currently under development, which may become commercially available in the
future for the treatment of indications for which we are developing, or may try to develop, our product candidates. For additional information
regarding our competition, see Item 1. Business Competition, above. I Regulatory approval and/or the achievement of
clinical or commercial success of one or more competing products or product candidates may reduce or eliminate the market for our product
candidates.. In addition, if one or more competing products fail to obtain regulatory approval or achieve clinical or commercial success
and are perceived by regulators, healthcare providers, third-party payors or potential patients as comparable to our product candidates,
our regulatory strategy could be impaired, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates could be delayed or prevented,
or the market for our product candidates may be reduced or eliminated. 

Competitive
products may make any product we develop obsolete or noncompetitive before we recover the expense of developing and commercializing the
product. If we or our collaborators are unable to compete effectively, our opportunity to generate revenue from the sale of our products
we may develop, if approved, would be adversely affected. 

We
face potential product liability, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and costs. If
the use or misuse of our products or product candidates harm patients or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated
to our products or product candidates, our regulatory approvals could be revoked, suspended or otherwise negatively affected, our reputation
could suffer, and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. 

We
face the risk of incurring liabilities to clinical trial patients if they are injured as a result of their participation in clinical
trials of our product candidates or products. We also face potential product liability for use or misuse of our products that obtain
regulatory approval and are commercialized. We recently settled a product liability lawsuit, which we determined was not material, relating
to the use in a clinical trial of a product candidate that we are no longer developing and have no plans to pursue, and that is not related
to the cell therapy candidates we currently are developing. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) and Note 19 (Subsequent Events)
to our consolidated financial statements included this report and Item 3. Legal Proceedings in Part I of this report for
additional information. We may not successfully defend any product liability claims made against us in the future. Product liability
claims could delay or prevent completion of our clinical development programs. Such claims could result in FDA or other regulatory authority
investigations of the safety of our product candidates or products, our manufacturing processes and facilities or our marketing programs.
If any claims are made and if liability can be established, the amount of any liability we or our affiliates may incur, could exceed
any insurance coverage in effect, and the amount of the liability could be material to our financial condition and operating results.
In addition, even if we successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial costs in defending against claims
and suffer significant reputational harm that negatively impacts our business. 

60 | P a g e 

The
use or misuse of our product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval exposes
us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by those who use our product candidates
in clinical trials, consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with
our products. There is a risk that our product candidates or future products may induce adverse events. If we cannot successfully defend
against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. Legal proceedings are inherently uncertain and unpredictable
and proceedings believed to be immaterial could prove to have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

reputational
 harm; 

initiation
 of investigations by regulators; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

substantial
 costs due to related litigation; 

distraction
 of management s attention from our primary business; 

substantial
 monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 

the
 inability to complete development of or commercialize our product candidates; 

product
 recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; and 

decreased
 demand for any marketed products. 

We
may not be able to maintain appropriate product liability insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect
us against losses due to product liability claims. If and when we obtain marketing approval for a product candidate and prior to commercial
launch, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may be unable to obtain appropriate
product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. Significant damages have been awarded in class action
lawsuits based on drugs or medical treatments that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claim or series
of claims brought against us could cause the price of our common shares to decline and, if the amount of damages exceeds our insurance
coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business. 

We
currently have no marketing and sales force or distribution capabilities. If we are unable to establish effective internal capabilities
or effectively collaborate with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, if approved, our ability to generate product
revenue will suffer. 

We
currently have no marketing, sales, or distribution capabilities because all of our cell therapy product candidates are in preclinical
or early clinical development, or in OpRegen s case, we have entered into an agreement whereby Roche has commercialization responsibility
for the product, if approved. We will need to build on a territory-by-territory basis marketing, sales, distribution and supporting capabilities
to commercialize any other product candidates that obtains regulatory approval, or selectively seek to enter into similar strategic collaborations
or otherwise outsource these functions to one or more third parties such as contract sales organizations and distributors. There are
significant risks involved if we decide to establish our own sales and marketing capabilities or enter into arrangements with third parties
to perform these functions. To the extent that we enter into collaboration agreements with respect to marketing, sales, or distribution,
our product revenue may be lower than if we directly marketed or sold any approved products. Such collaborative arrangements with partners
may place the commercialization of our products outside of our control and would subject us to a number of risks, including that we may
not be able to control the amount or timing of resources that a commercialization collaborator devotes to our products or that a collaborator s
willingness or ability to complete its obligations may be adversely affected by business combinations or significant changes in the collaborator s
business strategy. If we are unable to enter into these arrangements when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to
successfully commercialize any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval, or any such commercialization may experience
delays or limitations. Building our own sales and marketing team with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities, would
require a significant capital investment and require significant attention of our senior management team to manage, and any failure or
delay in the development of those internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization
of any of our product candidates that obtain approval. If we are unable to develop adequate marketing and sales capabilities on our own
or effectively partner with third parties, our ability to generate product revenue will suffer and we may incur significant additional
losses, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

61 | P a g e 

Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property 

Our
intellectual property may be insufficient to protect our products. 

Our
patents and patent applications are directed to compositions of matter, formulations, methods of use and/or methods of manufacturing,
as appropriate. In addition to patenting our own technology and that of our subsidiaries, we have licensed patents and patent applications
for certain stem cell technology, hEPC, and hES cell lines, hydrogel technology and other technology from other companies. 

The
patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including ours, are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and
factual questions. Our business could be negatively affected by any of the following: 

the
 claims of any patents that are issued may not provide meaningful protection, may not provide a basis for commercially viable products
 or may not provide us with any competitive advantages; 

our
 patents may be challenged by third parties; 

others
 may have patents of which we are not aware that relate to our technology or business that may prevent us from marketing our product
 candidates unless we are able to obtain a license to those patents; 

the
 pending patent applications to which we have rights may not result in issued patents; 

our
 patents may have claims that are inadequate to protect our competitive position on our products; and 

we
 may not be successful in developing additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

In
addition, others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies, duplicate any of our technologies and, if patents are
licensed or issued to us, design around the patented technologies licensed to or developed by us. Moreover, we could incur substantial
costs in litigation if we have to defend ourselves in patent lawsuits brought by third parties or if we initiate such lawsuits. 

If
we are unable to obtain and enforce patents and to protect our trade secrets, others could use our technology to compete with us, which
could limit opportunities for us to generate revenues by licensing our technology and selling products. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and enforce patents and maintain trade secrets in the United States and in other
countries. If we are unsuccessful at obtaining and enforcing patents, our competitors could use our technology and create products that
compete with our products, without paying license fees or royalties to us. The preparation, filing, and prosecution of patent applications
can be costly and time consuming. Our limited financial resources may not permit us to pursue patent protection of all of our technology
and products in all key markets. Even if we are able to obtain issued patents covering our technology or products, we may have to incur
substantial legal fees and other expenses to enforce our patent rights to protect our technology and products from infringing uses. 

62 | P a g e 

We
also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to establish and maintain a
competitive position for our product candidates and any products. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into nondisclosure
and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific
collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention
or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements
and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches.
Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and
the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts both within and outside the United States may be less willing or unwilling to
protect trade secrets. Furthermore, if a competitor lawfully obtained or independently developed any of our trade secrets, we would have
no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position.
Additionally, if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third
parties for misappropriating the trade secrets. 

We
may not have the financial resources to finance the litigation required to preserve our patent and trade secret rights. Litigation, interferences,
oppositions, inter partes reviews or other proceedings are, have been and may in the future be necessary in some instances to determine
the validity and scope of certain of our proprietary rights, and in other instances to determine the validity, scope or non-infringement
of certain patent rights claimed by third parties to be pertinent to the manufacture, use or sale of our products. This means that patents
owned or licensed by us, or our trade secrets, may be lost if the outcome of a proceeding is unfavorable to us. 

There
is no certainty that our pending or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization
of our products and product candidates. The degree of patent protection that will be afforded to our products and processes in the U.S.
and in other important markets remains uncertain and is dependent upon the scope of protection decided upon by the patent offices, courts,
administrative bodies and lawmakers in these countries. We can provide no assurance that we will successfully obtain or preserve patent
protection for the technologies incorporated into our products and processes, or that the protection obtained will be of sufficient breadth
and degree to protect our commercial interests in all countries where we conduct business. If we cannot prevent others from exploiting
our inventions, we will not derive the benefit from them that we currently expect. Furthermore, we can provide no assurance that our
products will not infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. 

In
Europe, there is uncertainty about the eligibility of hES cell subject matter for patent protection. The European Patent Convention prohibits
the granting of European patents for inventions that concern uses of human embryos for industrial or commercial purposes. 
A recent decision at the Court of Justice of the European Union interpreted parthenogenetically produced hES cells as patentable subject
matter. Consequently, the European Patent Office now recognizes that human pluripotent stem cells (including human ES cells) can be created
without a destructive use of human embryos as of June 5, 2003, and patent applications relating to hES cell subject matter with a filing
and priority date after this date are no longer automatically excluded from patentability under Article 53 (a) EPC and Rule 28(c) EPC. 

A
Patent Cooperation Treaty patent application related to OpRegen was filed on May 25, 2021, directed to the restoration of the anatomy
or functionality of a retina with OpRegen. As with all patent applications, there is no certainty that this or any of our other pending
or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents. 

Intellectual
property we may develop using grants received from governmental entities are subject to rights maintained by those governments. 

Research
and development we perform that is funded by grants from governmental entities and any intellectual property that we create using those
grants is subject to certain rights of the governmental entities to require that we license or grant rights to the intellectual property
developed using that funding in certain circumstances. 

63 | P a g e 

We
may become subject to claims for remuneration or royalties for assigned service invention rights by our employees, which could result
in litigation and adversely affect our business. 

We
enter into agreements with our employees pursuant to which they agree that any inventions created in the scope of their employment are
assigned to us or owned exclusively by us, without the employee retaining any rights. A significant portion of our intellectual property
has been developed by our employees in the course of their employment for us. Under the Israeli Patent Law, 5727-1967 (the Patent
Law ), inventions conceived by an employee during the scope of his or her employment with a company are regarded as service
inventions, which belong to the employer, absent a specific agreement between the employee and employer giving the employee service
invention rights. The Patent Law also provides that if there is no such agreement between an employer and an employee, the Israeli Compensation
and Royalties Committee, a body constituted under the Patent Law, shall determine whether the employee is entitled to remuneration for
his or her inventions. Previous decisions by the Israeli Compensation and Royalties Committee have created uncertainty in this area regarding
whether the right to receive remuneration for service inventions can be voluntarily waived by an employee and whether such waiver is
enforceable. In addition, the Committee determined that even if such right to receive compensation and royalties for service inventions
may be waived, the waiver should be specific. Subsequent court cases have not provided significant clarity on these matters. 

The
Israeli Supreme Court noted (in an obiter dictum) in 2012, without making any decisive ruling, that an employee who contributes to an
invention during his employment could be allowed to seek compensation for it from their employer, even if the employee s contract
of employment specifically states otherwise and the employee has transferred all intellectual property rights to the employer. The Israeli
Supreme Court considered the possibility that a contract that revokes the employee s right for royalties and compensation may not
necessarily foreclose the right of the employee to claim a right for royalties. As a result, even if we believe that none of our employees
has any rights in any of our intellectual property, or to receive royalties, it is unclear if, and to what extent, our employees may
be able to claim compensation with respect to our future revenue. As a result, we may receive less revenue from future products if such
claims are successful, or incur additional royalty expenses, which in turn could impact our future profitability. 

There
is no certainty that we will be able to obtain licenses to intellectual property rights owned by third parties. 

There
are no assurances that any of our intellectual property rights will guarantee protection or market exclusivity for our products and product
candidates. In such cases, we may need to obtain enabling licenses from third parties to protect our products and product candidates,
try to secure market exclusivity or avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of third parties. If we are unable to fully
protect our product candidates or achieve market exclusivity for our products and product candidates, our financial success will be dependent,
in part, on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights
of others, or, when necessary, our ability to obtain enabling licenses. 

As
an example, Astellas patent portfolio with respect to the manufacture of its RPE products could adversely impact our rights to
manufacture OpRegen. Moreover, we could incur substantial costs in litigation if we have to defend ourselves in patent lawsuits brought
by third parties or if we initiate such lawsuits. We may also face competition from companies that have filed patent applications relating
to the propagation and differentiation of stem cells. Those companies include Ocata, which in 2015 had certain U.S. patents issue with
claims directed to methods of producing RPE cells and isolating and purifying such cells. We may be required to seek licenses from these
competitors in order to commercialize certain products proposed by us, and such licenses may not be granted. 

Our
commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot be
certain that our platform technologies, product candidates, and other proprietary technologies we may develop will not infringe existing
or future patents owned by third parties. The legal and administrative landscape related to infringement of the patents and proprietary
rights of third parties is fluid as there is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights
in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents. These include interference,
derivation, inter partes review, post-grant review, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable
proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Litigation and other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims, with or without
merit, are unpredictable and generally expensive and time-consuming and, even if resolved in our favor, are likely to divert significant
resources from our core business and distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Such litigation
or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any
future sales, marketing, or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such
litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively
than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties
resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to enter into or compete in the marketplace. 

64 | P a g e 

Risks
Related to our Dependence on Third Parties 

We
may become dependent on possible future collaborations to develop and commercialize many of our product candidates and to provide the
regulatory compliance, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities required for the success of our business. 

We
may enter into various kinds of collaborative research and development and product marketing agreements to develop and commercialize
our product candidates. The expected future milestone payments and cost reimbursements from collaboration agreements could provide an
important source of financing for our research and development programs, thereby facilitating the application of our technology to the
development and commercialization of our products, but there are risks associated with entering into collaboration arrangements. 

As
described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, we are dependent on our collaboration with Roche to develop and commercialize OpRegen,
and we could become dependent upon one or more possible future collaborative arrangements. A collaborative arrangement upon which we
might depend might be terminated by our collaboration partner or a partner might determine not to actively pursue the development or
commercialization of our products. Termination of a collaboration agreement by a collaboration partner could dissuade other organizations
from collaborating with us and negatively impact our ability to enter into new collaborations or achieve favorable collaboration terms.
A collaboration partner also may not be precluded from independently pursuing competing products and drug delivery approaches or technologies. 

There
is a risk that a collaboration partner might fail to perform its obligations under the collaborative arrangements or may be slow in performing
its obligations, or that we have a dispute that harms our working relationship and requires significant resources to resolve, or that
we are unable to resolve on our own, resulting in costly legal proceedings. In addition, a collaboration partner may experience financial
difficulties at any time that could prevent it from having available funds to contribute to the collaboration. If a collaboration partner
fails to conduct its product development, commercialization, regulatory compliance, sales and marketing or distribution activities successfully
and in a timely manner, or if it terminates or materially modifies its agreements with us, the development and commercialization of one
or more product candidates could be delayed, curtailed or terminated because we may not have sufficient financial resources or capabilities
to continue such development and commercialization on our own. 

We
do not have the ability to independently conduct clinical trials required to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates. 

We
currently rely, and plan to continue to rely, on third parties such as CROs, data management companies, contract clinical research associates,
medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to assist with preclinical development and conduct clinical trials
of our product candidates. Due to our reliance on these third parties, we may not directly control the timing, conduct and expense of
our clinical trials. If the third parties we engage fail to perform their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or fail to meet
expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to failing to
adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our preclinical development activities or clinical
trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize
our product candidates. 

In
addition, quarantines, shelter-in-place and similar government orders, or the perception that such orders, shutdowns or other restrictions
on the conduct of business operations could occur, related to COVID-19 or other public health crises could result in staffing shortages
at these third parties, which could disrupt our clinical studies, increase development timelines, and have a material adverse impact
on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

65 | P a g e 

We
obtain reagents and specialized materials and equipment required for the manufacture of our cell therapy product candidates from third-party
manufacturers and suppliers, which include, in some instances, sole source manufacturers and suppliers. The loss of these suppliers,
or their failure to provide us with sufficient key materials or equipment on a timely basis at an acceptable cost, or at all, could materially
and adversely affect our business. 

The
development and manufacture of our cell-based product candidates depends on the availability of reagents and specialized materials and
equipment which are required to be acceptable to the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities, and such reagents, materials,
and equipment may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. We rely on third-party suppliers for key components required
for the manufacture of our product candidates, including in some cases, sole source manufacturers and suppliers, and we currently do
not have long-term commitments or supply agreements to obtain certain of these components. 

We
use reagents, in our manufacturing processes, some of which are manufactured or supplied by small companies with limited resources and
experience with respect to supporting clinical or commercial biologics production. We currently depend on a limited number of vendors
for certain materials and equipment used in the manufacture of our product candidates. Some of these suppliers may not have the capacity
to support manufacturing of products under cGMP or may otherwise be ill-equipped to support our needs, particularly as we scale up our
manufacturing processes. Reagents and other key materials from these suppliers may have inconsistent attributes and introduce variability
into our manufactured process and possibly into product candidates, which may contribute to variable patient outcomes and possible adverse
events. We do not have long-term commitments or supply agreements with many of these suppliers and may not be able to enter into supply
contracts with them on acceptable terms or at all. Accordingly, we may experience delays in receiving key materials and equipment to
support our clinical, and ultimately commercial, manufacturing operations. 

For
some of the reagents, materials, and equipment we require, we currently rely and may in the future rely on sole source suppliers or
a limited number of suppliers. We may be unable to continue to source reagents, materials, or equipment from any of these suppliers
for various reasons, including due to regulatory actions or requirements affecting a supplier, adverse financial or other strategic
developments experienced by a supplier, labor disputes or shortages, unexpected demands from other customers and supply limitations,
or quality issues. We cannot be sure that these suppliers will remain in business, or that they will not be purchased by one of our
competitors or another company that is not interested in continuing to supply us with these materials in sufficient quantities, on
acceptable terms, or at all. The lead time needed to establish a relationship with a new supplier who has access to the required raw
materials can be lengthy. The time and effort to identify and qualify a new supplier could result in additional costs, diversion of
resources, or reduced manufacturing yields, any of which may negatively impact our business. Additionally, due to global
geopolitical, economic, and other factors beyond our control, there has been, and there may continue to be, a shortage of key
materials and equipment that are necessary to manufacture our product candidates, including certain consumables such as bags,
flasks, and pipette tips, which has affected and may continue to affect our ability to obtain the materials and equipment necessary
to manufacture our product candidates and increased our research and development costs. Failures or difficulties faced at any level
of our supply chain could delay or impede the development and commercialization of our product candidates and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In light of the unpredictable nature of the current economic climate,
including global rates of inflation, it may be increasingly difficult for us to predict and control our future expenses for the
reagents, materials, and equipment we require to manufacture our product candidates. If any of the foregoing events were to occur,
we may experience significant delays in manufacturing our product candidates, and in turn, in the commencement and completion of
preclinical development and testing or clinical trials and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates, which could harm
our business. 

If
we are required to change suppliers, or modify the components, equipment, materials or disposables used for the manufacture of our product
candidates, we may be required to change our manufacturing operations or clinical trial protocols or to provide additional data to regulatory
authorities in order to use any alternative components, equipment, materials or disposables, any of which could set back, delay, or increase
the costs required to complete our clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates. Additionally, any such change
or modification may adversely affect the safety, efficacy, stability, or potency of our product candidates, and could adversely affect
our clinical development of our product candidates and harm our business. 

66 | P a g e 

In
some cases, specialized delivery systems or devices may be used to administer our cell therapy product candidates, and we may rely on
third parties to manufacture and supply those systems or devices and provide us with intellectual property rights to develop and commercialize
them with our cell therapies, if approved. If we are not able to obtain those systems or devices in quantities needed in accordance with
our quality standards and regulatory requirements and at acceptable costs, or at all, or those systems or devices fail to perform as
expected, clinical development and possible regulatory approval of our product candidates may be significantly delayed and more expensive
than anticipated and our business may suffer. 

The
administration of certain of our cell therapy product candidates requires invasive surgical procedures. We may seek to improve the accuracy
or reduce the complexity, risk and variability of administering of our cells to the targeted site in the human body by integrating into
the surgical procedures specialized delivery systems or devices developed, manufactured and supplied by third parties. For example, we
believe a novel parenchymal spinal delivery PSD system developed by a third party could improve usability and precision
in administering OPC1 to the injury site in the spinal cord, hence we entered into an exclusive option and license agreement with that
third party to collaborate on the clinical testing of the PSD system for OPC1. To the extent we collaborate with third parties for specialized
delivery systems or devices for administration of our product candidates, we may become dependent on those third parties and their contract
manufacturers and suppliers not only for rights to use those systems or devices, but also for the manufacture and supply of those systems
or devices in sufficient quantities and at acceptable quality levels and costs for our clinical trials, and ultimately to potentially
market and sell them with our product candidates, if approved. Our dependence on such third parties is subject to a multitude of risks,
including these risks: 

They
 or their third-party manufacturers might not manufacture in a timely manner the device systems or components in the quantity or quality
 required to meet our clinical trial needs and, if approved, commercial needs. 

They
 or their third-party manufacturers may not perform as agreed, may terminate their agreements, or may not remain in the contract manufacturing
 business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute on a commercial scale,
 if approved. 

They
 or their third-party manufacturers may not produce the systems or devices in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements,
 and their processes or facilities may fail inspection by the FDA or corresponding state or foreign regulatory agencies. We will not
 have control over their compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

They
 or their third-party manufacturers may not obtain or maintain intellectual property rights necessary for the development, manufacture
 and, if approved, commercialization of the systems or devices. 

They
 or their third-party manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties as a result of resource constraints, labor shortages,
 supply chain failures, public health emergencies such as the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflict, acts of terrorism, political
 or economic instability or crises, natural disasters, or other events outside of their control or the control of their third-party
 manufacturers. This may result in business closures that adversely affect our ability to obtain clinical or commercial supplies as
 needed. 

We
 may be subject to product liability exposure arising out of use of the systems or devices to administer our product candidates in
 clinical trials or, if approved, for commercial use, and our insurance may not cover all potential claims. 

If
any such third-party collaborator or their contract manufacturers or suppliers were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability
to commence and conduct clinical trials of certain of our cell therapy product candidates on communicated timelines, or at all, could
be jeopardized. These third-party collaborators and their contract manufacturers and suppliers would also be subject to many of the same
risks we face in developing our own manufacturing capabilities, as described elsewhere in these Risk Factors. Any delay or interruption
in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining
clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, could require us to either conduct additional clinical trials at additional
expense or terminate clinical trials completely. Each risk could delay our clinical trials, any potential approval of our product candidates
by the FDA, or the commercialization of our product candidates, and could result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenue. 

67 | P a g e 

Risks
Pertaining to Our Common Shares 

The
market price of our common shares has been and may continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
trading price of our common shares has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile. The stock market in general, and the market
for biotechnology companies, as well as small cap and microcap companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations
that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. Broad market and industry factors
may negatively affect the market price of our common shares, regardless of our actual operating performance, financial condition or progress
in development of our product candidates. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by a variety of factors, some of which
are beyond our control, including: 

delays
 in progress or completion of clinical trials of our product candidates, or other changes in the development status of or anticipated
 development timeline for our product candidates; 

results
 of clinical and nonclinical studies of our product candidates; 

changes
 in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates, including but not limited to clinical trial and manufacturing requirements
 for regulatory approvals; 

developments
 concerning the manufacture or supply of our product candidates; 

unanticipated
 serious safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates or third-party product candidates perceived to be similar; 

delays
 in our regulatory submissions and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory
 authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file 
 letter or a request for additional information; 

adverse
 regulatory decisions relating to our product candidates or third-party product candidates perceived to be similar or competitive
 to ours; 

our
 inability to establish or maintain important collaborations and license agreements, including any material disputes or amendments; 

announcements
 of strategic collaborations or significant licenses, acquisitions or dispositions, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or
 companies perceived to be comparable to us; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

our
 cash position and the level of expenses related to development of our product candidates; 

announcements
 or expectations of additional financing efforts; 

sales
 of our common shares by us, our insiders or other shareholders; 

trading
 volume of our common shares; 

changes
 in the market valuation of companies perceived to be comparable to us; 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our operating results; 

68 | P a g e 

changes
 in accounting policies and practices or material weakness or ineffectiveness of our internal controls or disclosure controls; 

disagreements
 with our auditor or termination of an auditor engagement; 

disputes
 or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents and trade secrets, or other avenues of market exclusivity
 for our product candidates or products and product candidates perceived to be competitive to ours; 

changes
 in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

significant
 lawsuits, including intellectual property, product liability or shareholder litigation; 

publication
 of research reports about us or our industry, or cell therapies in particular, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal
 of research coverage by securities analysts; 

actual
 or potential suspension of trading or delisting of our common shares by our Stocks Exchanges. 

inclusion
 in or exclusion from stock indices such as the Russell 3000 Index; 

significant
 business disruptions caused by natural or manmade disasters, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

market
 conditions in the biotechnology sector and general political and economic conditions; and 

other
 factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market
price of their shares. This type of litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s
attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Because
we do not intend to pay cash dividends, our common shares may not be a suitable investment for anyone who needs to earn dividend income.

We
do not pay cash dividends on our common shares. For the foreseeable future, we anticipate that any earnings generated in our business
will be used to finance the growth of our business and will not be paid out as dividends to holders of our common shares. This means
that any return to our shareholders will be limited to the appreciation of their shares and, therefore, our common shares may not be
a suitable investment for anyone who needs to earn dividend income from their investments. 

Insiders
continue to have substantial influence over our company, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions,
including a change of control. 

Our
directors, executive officers and their affiliates, in the aggregate, owned approximately 25.0 of our outstanding common shares as of
December 31, 2022. As a result, these shareholders, if acting together, will be able to heavily influence or control matters requiring
approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers, acquisitions or other extraordinary transactions.
They may also have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree, and which may be averse to your interests.
This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control of our company, could deter
certain public investors from purchasing our common shares and might ultimately affect the market price of our common shares. 

69 | P a g e 

If
we or our subsidiaries issue additional common shares or preferred shares, investors in our common shares may experience dilution of
their ownership interests. 

We
and our subsidiaries may issue additional common shares or other securities convertible into or exercisable for common shares to raise
additional capital or to hire or retain employees or consultants, or in connection with future acquisitions of companies or licenses
to technology or rights, in settlement of lawsuits, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of additional securities may
be dilutive to our shareholders and may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common shares. 

Our
articles of incorporation, as amended, authorize us to issue an aggregate of 252,000,000 shares of capital stock consisting of 250,000,000
common shares and 2,000,000 blank check preferred shares, which means we may issue, without shareholder approval, one or
more series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, privileges, preferences, including preferences over our common shares
respecting dividends and distributions, terms of redemption and relative participation, optional, or other rights, if any, of the shares
of each such series of preferred stock and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as our board of directors may determine.
The terms of one or more series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common shares. Any preferred
shares may also be convertible into common shares on terms that would be dilutive to holders of common shares. Our subsidiaries may also
issue their own preferred shares with a similar impact on our ownership of the subsidiaries. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 18,173,332 common shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options under our employee
stock option plans, and 938,870 common shares reserved for issuance upon the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units under our
equity incentive plan. The exercise of outstanding options and vesting and settlement of outstanding restricted stock units would be
dilutive to our existing shareholders. 

We
have used at the market ATM offerings of our common shares under agreements with Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. acting as sales agent and shelf registration statements on Form S-3 to raise substantial capital. For information regarding
such sales of our common shares see At the Market ATM Offering in Note 11 (Shareholders Equity)
to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. We may continue to use ATM offerings to fund our operations. As of
December 31, 2022, 63.8 million remained available for sale under our ATM offering program. Additional sales of our common shares in
our ATM offering may result in substantial dilution to our existing shareholders and such sales, or the anticipation of such sales, may
cause the market price of our common shares to decline. 

The
operation of some of our subsidiaries has been financed in part through the sale of shares of capital stock and warrants to purchase
securities of those subsidiaries to private investors. Future sales of such securities by our subsidiaries could reduce Lineage s
ownership interest in the applicable subsidiary, and correspondingly dilute our shareholders ownership interests in our consolidated
enterprise. Certain of our subsidiaries also have their own stock option plans and the exercise of stock options or the sale of restricted
stock under those plans would also reduce Lineage s ownership interest in the applicable subsidiary, with a resulting dilutive
effect on the ownership interest of our shareholders in our consolidated enterprise. 

There
is no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance with the NYSE American s continued listing standards, and failure to
do so could result in the suspension of trading or delisting of our common shares, which could substantially impair our shareholders 
ability to sell their shares and our ability to raise additional capital. 

Our
common shares are listed on the NYSE American. To maintain our listing, we must satisfy several continued listing standards, including
financial condition and/or operating results standards, market value and distribution standards, a low selling price standard, and corporate
governance standards. For example, for as long as we have net losses for our five most recent fiscal years, the exchange may consider
delisting our common shares if our shareholders equity is less than 6 million, and under the low selling price standard, if the
exchange determines our common shares have been selling for a substantial period of time at a low price per share, which we believe would
be an average of less than 0.20 over 30 days, and we fail to effect a reverse stock split within a reasonable time after being notified
by the exchange, the exchange will consider de-listing our common shares. In addition, any developments which substantially reduce the
size of our company, the nature and scope of our operations, the value or amount of our securities available for the market, or the number
of shareholders, may occasion a review of continued listing by the exchange. If a security sells at a price below 0.06, the exchange
may immediately suspend the security from further trading on the exchange. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to meet
the NYSE American s continued listing requirements. 

70 | P a g e 

The
suspension or delisting of our common shares, or the commencement of delisting proceedings, for whatever reason could, among other things,
substantially impair our ability to raise additional capital; result in the loss of interest from institutional investors, result in
restrictions or prohibitions on brokers from trading in our common shares, result in the loss of confidence in our company by shareholders,
collaborators and employees, and result in fewer financing, strategic and business development opportunities. The suspension or delisting
of our common stock, or the commencement of delisting proceedings for whatever reason may materially impair our shareholders ability
to buy and sell shares of our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading
market for, our common shares. In addition, our common shares have been included in the Russell 3000 Index from time to time. In
the short term, inclusion in the index may favorably impact the price, trading volume, and liquidity of our common shares, in part, because
holders attempting to track the composition of that index may have been required to buy our common shares, which could cause a material
increase in the price at which our common shares trades. If our common shares are removed from the index because they do not meet the
criteria for continued inclusion, index funds, institutional investors, or other holders attempting to track the composition of that index
may be required to sell our common shares, which would adversely impact the price and frequency at which it trades. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with
such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations;
reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse business consequences. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure,
dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, processing) personal data and other sensitive information, including data we collect about
trial participants in connection with clinical trials. As a result, we are, or may become, subject to numerous data privacy and security
requirements related to data privacy, security, protection and transfer under federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, guidance,
and industry standards. See Item 1. Business Government Regulation Privacy and Data Security Laws, above. These
requirements may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions.
Preparing for and complying with these requirements requires significant resources and may necessitate changes to our information technologies,
systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. 

If
we, or our personnel or third parties upon whom rely, fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data
privacy, security, protection and transfer requirements, we could face significant consequences. These consequences may include, but
are not limited to, government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation
(including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; and orders to
destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial
condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; interruptions in our business operations (including, as relevant, clinical
trials); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products;
expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or revision or restructuring of our operations.
In the United States, privacy and security obligations are often enforced under deceptive and unfair trade practice laws, using theories
that a company s activities were either misleading or unfair. 

If
our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience
adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines
and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and
other adverse consequences. 

We
are dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we
may process confidential, and sensitive, including personal data (such as health-related data), intellectual property, and proprietary
business information (collectively, sensitive information). It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of such information. We have also outsourced some of our operations (including parts of our information technology
infrastructure) to a number of third-party service providers who may have, or could gain, access to sensitive information. In addition,
many of those third parties, in turn, subcontract or outsource some of their responsibilities to third parties. 

71 | P a g e 

Cyberattacks,
malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud are increasing in frequency, persistence, sophistication and intensity.
These threats come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, personnel (such as
through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to
continue to engage in cyberattacks, including, without limitation, nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with
military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely
may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including cyberattacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations,
supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our products. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to
a variety of evolving threats, including, but not limited to, malware (including as a result of persistent threat intrusions), malicious
code (such as viruses and worms), ransomware attacks, denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), social engineering attacks
(including phishing attacks), personnel misconduct or error, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware
failures, loss of data or other technology assets, adware, telecommunication failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar
threats. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target
of events of this nature and expect them to continue. 

Ransomware
attacks, including by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent
and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of
funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments
due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency
and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply
chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption
to our information technology systems or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. Additionally,
many of our employees who began working from home early in the COVID-19 pandemic continue to work remotely at least part of the time,
utilizing network connections outside our premises, which may increase risks to our information technology systems and data. Moreover,
the prevalent use of mobile devices by our employees and third-party service providers to access confidential information increases the
risk to our information technology systems and data. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could
also expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities
present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. 

Any
of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. A security incident or other interruption
could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure
of, or access to our proprietary or sensitive information. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that
of third parties upon whom we rely) to conduct our business operations and divert significant resources. Though we have insurance that
may cover some of the costs and fees resulting from a cyberattack, data security incident, or data breach, that insurance may not be
sufficient to cover all of the costs, fees, losses, damages, fines, and penalties that may arising from a data security incident 

We
may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy
and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures and tools, industry-standard or reasonable
security measures to protect our information technology systems and proprietary and sensitive information. 

While
we have implemented security measures to protect our information technology systems and infrastructure, there can be no assurance that
such measures will prevent cyberthreats, cyberattacks, security incidents, data breaches, malware, ransomware attacks and other disruptions
that could adversely affect our business. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems
because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security
incident has occurred. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems,
our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address
any such identified vulnerabilities. In addition, failure to maintain effective internal accounting controls related to security incidents
and cybersecurity in general could impact our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements and subject us to regulatory
scrutiny. 

72 | P a g e 

Applicable
data privacy and security obligations, including data breach notification laws in the US and elsewhere, may require us to notify relevant
stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements
could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have
experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions
(for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions
on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); financial obligations to third parties,
indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including
availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause interruptions
in our operations and could result in a material disruption of our programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial or nonclinical study
data for our product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs due to
additional time and resources necessary to recover and verify or potentially reproduce the data. 

Our
contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in
our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations.
We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy
and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage
will pay future claims. 

Failure
of our internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and financial results. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial
statements would be prevented or detected. Our growth and entry into new products, technologies and markets will place significant additional
pressure on our system of internal control over financial reporting. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control
over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud.
Operating our business through subsidiaries, some of which are located in foreign countries, also adds to the complexity of our internal
control over financial reporting and adds to the risk of a system failure, an undetected improper use or expenditure of funds or other
resources by a subsidiary, or a failure to properly report a transaction or financial results of a subsidiary. We allocate certain expenses
among Lineage itself and one or more of our subsidiaries, which creates a risk that the allocations we make may not accurately reflect
the benefit of an expenditure or use of financial or other resources by Lineage as the parent company and the subsidiaries among which
the allocations are made. An inaccurate allocation may impact our consolidated financial results, particularly in the case of subsidiaries
that we do not wholly own since our financial statements include adjustments to reflect the minority ownership interests in our subsidiaries
held by others. 

If
we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or,
when required, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion or expresses a qualified or adverse
opinion about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports and the market price of our common shares could be negatively affected. In addition, we could become subject
to investigations by the NYSE American, the SEC, and other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management
resources. 

Geopolitical
risks associated with the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations, including our clinical trials. 

Our
results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence. The
war in Ukraine and the uncertain nature, magnitude, and duration of the conflict and the potential effect of sanctions and other measures
being imposed in response thereto have contributed to increased levels of economic and political uncertainty, which could have an adverse
impact on macroeconomic factors that affect the financial markets, the global economy and our business and operations. Additionally,
the ongoing conflict in Ukraine may disrupt the ability of third parties on which we rely to perform in accordance with our expectations,
including on commercial research organizations to conduct clinical trials. Moreover, enrollment and retention of clinical trial participants
may be adversely affected. We cannot be certain what the overall impact of this conflict will be on our ability to conduct and complete
our clinical trials on schedule. However, interruptions of our clinical trials could significantly delay our clinical development plans
and potential authorization or approval of our product candidates, which could increase our costs and jeopardize our ability to successfully
commercialize our product candidates. 

73 | P a g e 

We
may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation and other macroeconomic factors. 

Inflation
has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall
cost structure. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital
costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, components, manufacturing and shipping, as well as weakening exchange rates and other
similar effects. As a result of inflation, we may experience cost increases. Changes in other economic conditions, including rising interest
rates, ongoing pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, lower consumer confidence, volatile equity capital markets and ongoing supply
chain disruptions and the impacts of the war in Ukraine, may also affect our business. Although we may take measures to mitigate the
effects of economic conditions, if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity
could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when the
benefits of such measures and the effects of such conditions impact our results of operations. Given these economic considerations, among
other potential consequences, cost increases may outpace our expectations, causing us to use our cash and other liquid assets faster
than forecasted. If this happens, we may need to raise additional capital to fund our operations sooner than expected, which may not
be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms, if at all. See also the discussion in this Risk Factors section under We
will need to obtain substantial additional funding to complete the development and seek regulatory approval of our product candidates
and to commercialize products approved for marketing, if any. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital when needed, we may delay,
reduce, limit the pace of, suspend or discontinue our product and technology development programs or other operations, which could significantly
harm our business and prospects and cause the market price of our common shares to decline. In addition, if the risks described
in this paragraph materialize, the possibility of other risks described herein materializing and/or the impact of those risks may increase. 

Adverse
litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings in which we may be involved could expose us to monetary damages
or limit our ability to operate our business. 

We
recently settled a putative shareholder class action lawsuit, as well as a product liability lawsuit, and may in the future become involved
in other class actions, derivative actions, private actions, collective actions, investigations, and various other legal proceedings
by shareholders, collaborators, clinical trial participants, employees, suppliers and other vendors, service providers, competitors,
government agencies, or others. The results of any such litigation, investigations, and other legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable
and expensive. Although some of the costs and expenses of such claims may be covered by insurance, any claims against us, whether meritorious
or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, damage our reputation, require significant amounts of management time,
and divert significant resources. Additionally, a dramatic increase in the cost of directors and officers liability insurance
may cause us to opt for lower overall policy limits or to forgo insurance that we may otherwise rely on to cover significant defense
costs, settlements, and damages awarded to plaintiffs. If any of these legal proceedings were to be determined adversely to us, or we
were to enter into a settlement arrangement, we could be exposed to monetary damages or limits on our ability to operate our business,
which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, the uncertainty
associated with material litigation could lead to increased volatility in our stock price. 

74 | P a g e 

Our
business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and corporate governance ESG matters or our reporting
of such matters. 

There
is an increasing focus from certain investors, employees, collaborators, and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters. While we have
internal efforts directed at ESG matters and preparations for any increased required future disclosures, we may be perceived to be not
acting responsibly in connection with these matters, which could negatively impact us. Moreover, the SEC has recently proposed, and may
continue to propose, certain mandated ESG reporting requirements, such as the SEC s proposed rules designed to enhance and standardize
climate-related disclosures, which, if adopted, would significantly increase our compliance and reporting costs and may also result in
disclosures that certain investors or other stakeholders deem to negatively impact our reputation, which could adversely affect the price
of our common shares. In addition, except as required by SEC and applicable stock exchange rules, we currently do not generally report
on ESG matters, including our environmental emissions, and lack of reporting could result in certain institutional and other investors
declining to invest in our common shares. 

Our
business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders, and such activism could affect the trading value
of our securities. 

Shareholders
may, from time to time, engage in proxy solicitations or advance shareholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert
influence on our board of directors and management, and the SEC s new universal proxy rules could significantly lower
the cost and increase the ease and likelihood of shareholder activism. Activist campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic
direction or seek changes in the composition of our board of directors could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial
condition. A proxy contest would require us to incur significant legal and advisory fees, proxy solicitation expenses and administrative
and associated costs and require significant time and attention by our board of directors and management, diverting their attention from
the pursuit of our business strategy. Any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control, our ability to execute on our
strategy, or changes to the composition of our board of directors or senior management team arising from a proxy contest could lead to
the perception of a change in the direction of our business or instability which may result in the loss of potential business opportunities,
make it more difficult to pursue our strategic initiatives, or limit our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and collaboration
partners, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If individuals are ultimately elected to our board
of directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our current business strategy. We may
choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of a proxy contest or matters arising from a proxy contest, which
would serve as a further distraction to our board of directors and management and would require us to incur significant additional costs.
In addition, actions such as those described above could cause significant fluctuations in the price of our common shares based upon
temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects
of our business. Furthermore, the trading value of and demand for our common shares could be adversely affected by allegations made
or reports issued by short sellers, analysts, activists or others regarding our business, further influencing volatility in the market
price of our common shares. 

Securities
analysts may not initiate coverage or continue to cover our common shares, and this may have a negative impact on the market price of
our common shares. 

The
trading market for our common shares depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about our business
and our common shares. We do not have any control over these analysts. There is no guarantee that securities analysts will cover our
common shares. If securities analysts do not cover our common shares, the lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price
of those shares. If securities analysts do cover our common shares, they could issue reports or recommendations that are unfavorable
to the price of our common shares, and they could downgrade a previously favorable report or recommendation, and in either case our share
prices could decline as a result of the report. If one or more of these analysts does not initiate coverage, ceases to cover our common
shares or fails to publish regular reports on our business, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our
share prices or trading volume to decline. 

75 | P a g e 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

General 

We
lease all the properties from which we operate our business. In general, we believe that our properties are well-maintained, adequate
and suitable for our current operations and for our operations in the foreseeable future. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies)
to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information regarding the properties we lease. 

Lineage
Facilities 

Our
corporate headquarters are in an office park in Carlsbad, California. We also lease industrial space adjacent to our corporate headquarters.
The lease for office space we previously leased in Alameda, California expired on January 31, 2023. 

Cell
Cure Facilities 

Under
various leases, Cell Cure leases office and laboratory space in the Bio Park on the campus of the Hadassah University Hospital in Jerusalem,
Israel. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently a
party to any material legal proceedings. From time-to-time
we may be involved in a variety of claims or litigation proceedings. Such proceedings may initially be viewed as immaterial but
could later prove to be material. Litigation proceedings are inherently unpredictable and excessive verdicts do occur. Given the
inherent uncertainties in litigation, even when we can reasonably estimate the amount of possible loss or range of loss and
reasonably estimable loss contingencies, the actual outcome may change in the future due to new developments or changes in approach.
In addition, such claims or litigation proceedings could involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention
and resources from other matters. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

76 | P a g e 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common shares are listed on the NYSE American and on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol LCTX. 

Holders 

As
of March 1, 2023, there were approximately 366 record holders of our common shares. The number of beneficial owners of our common shares
is substantially greater than the number of record holders because a large portion of our common shares is held of record through brokerage
firms in street name . 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid cash dividends on our common shares and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable
future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable
laws and contractual limitations, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business
conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as previously reported in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, during the year ended
December 31, 2022, there were no unregistered sales of equity securities by us during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
 6. 
 RESERVED 

77 | P a g e 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and highlight
certain other information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial condition,
changes in financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the discussion is intended to provide an analysis of significant
trends and material changes in our financial position and the operating results of our business during the year ended December 31, 2022
as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and related notes included elsewhere in this report. These historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance.
This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains a number of forward-looking
statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout
this report, particularly in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Company
and Business Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing novel cell therapies to address unmet medical needs. Our programs are based on
our proprietary cell-based technology platform and associated development and manufacturing capabilities. From this platform, we
design, develop, manufacture, and test specialized human cells with anatomical and physiological functions similar to, or identical
to, cells found naturally in the human body. Cells which we manufacture are created by specific developmental biological
differentiation protocols that we apply to established, well-characterized, and self-renewing pluripotent cell lines. These cells
are transplanted into patients and are designed to (a) replace or support cells that are absent or dysfunctional due to degenerative
disease, aging, or traumatic injury, and (b) restore or augment functional activity in the affected person. 

Our
strategy is to efficiently leverage our technology platform and our development, formulation, delivery, and manufacturing capabilities
to advance our programs internally, or in conjunction with strategic partners, to further enhance their value and probability of success.
As one example, in December 2021 we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Genentech, Inc.,
a member of the Roche Group, wherein we granted to Roche exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize retinal pigment epithelium
cell therapies, including our proprietary cell therapy program known as OpRegen , for the treatment of ocular disorders,
including geographic atrophy (GA) secondary to age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Under the terms of the Roche Agreement, Lineage
received a 50.0 million upfront payment and is eligible to receive up to 620.0 million in certain developmental, regulatory, and commercialization
milestone payments. Lineage also is eligible to receive tiered double-digit percentage royalties on net sales of OpRegen in the U.S. and other
major markets. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report
for discussion on the Roche Agreement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have five allogeneic, or off-the-shelf, cell therapy programs in development, of which three have
reached clinical testing: 

Product
Candidates 

OpRegen ,
 an allogeneic retinal pigment epithelium cell replacement therapy currently in a Phase 2a multicenter clinical trial, being
 conducted by Genentech, for the treatment of geographic atrophy (GA) secondary to age-related macular degeneration (AMD), also known
 as atrophic or dry AMD. A previous Phase 1/2a trial conducted by Lineage enrolled twenty-four (24) individuals with dry AMD with GA.
 In December 2021, this program was partnered with Roche for further clinical development and commercialization. 

OPC1 ,
 an allogeneic oligodendrocyte progenitor cell therapy currently in long-term follow-up from a Phase 1/2a multicenter clinical trial
 for cervical spinal cord injuries. To date, five (5) patients with thoracic spinal cord injuries and twenty-five (25) patients with
 cervical spinal cord injuries have been enrolled in clinical trials of OPC1. The clinical development of OPC1 has been partially
 funded by 14.3 million received under a grant from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine. Additional clinical trials
 are being planned. 

78 | P a g e 

VAC ,
 an allogeneic cancer immunotherapy comprised of antigen-presenting dendritic cells. One of
 the VAC product candidates, VAC2, is currently in a Phase 1 clinical trial in non-small cell
 lung cancer. This clinical trial is being funded and conducted by Cancer Research UK, one
 of the world s largest independent cancer research charities. An additional VAC-based
 product candidate is in preclinical development with our partner, Immunomic Therapeutics,
 Inc., for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme. 

ANP1 ,
 an allogeneic auditory neuron progenitor cell transplant currently in preclinical development for the treatment of debilitating hearing
 loss. 

PNC1,
 an allogeneic photoreceptor cell transplant currently in preclinical development for the treatment of vision loss due to photoreceptor
 dysfunction or damage. 

Other
Programs 

We
have additional undisclosed product candidates being considered for development, which cover a range of therapeutic areas and unmet medical
needs. Generally, these product candidates are based on the same platform technology and employ a similar guided cell differentiation
and transplant approach as the product candidates detailed above, but in some cases may also include genetic modifications designed
to enhance efficacy and/or safety profiles. 

In
addition to seeking to create value for shareholders by developing product candidates and advancing those candidates through
clinical development, we also may seek to create value from our large patent estate and additional related technologies and capabilities, through
partnering and/or strategic transactions. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and related
notes. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 (Significant Accounting Policies) to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this report. We have identified below our critical accounting policies and estimates that we believe require the
greatest amount of judgment. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates which are subject to significant judgment, including those related
to going concern assessment of our consolidated financial statements, useful lives associated with long-lived assets, including evaluation
of asset impairment, allowances for uncollectible accounts and financing receivables, v aluing shares
owned in nonconsolidated companies using the equity method of accounting, loss contingencies, deferred income taxes and tax reserves,
including valuation allowances related to deferred income taxes, and assumptions used to value stock-based awards, debt or other equity
instruments. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates compared to
historical experience and trends which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. To the
extent that there are material differences between our estimates and our actual results, our future financial statement presentation,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. 

We
believe the assumptions and estimates associated with the following have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 

Going
concern assessment In accordance with Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements 
Going Concern , we assess going concern uncertainty in our consolidated financial statements to determine if we have sufficient cash
and cash equivalents on hand and working capital to operate for a period of at least one year from the date our consolidated financial
statements are issued or are available to be issued, which is referred to as the look-forward period as defined by ASU
No. 2014-15. As part of this assessment, based on conditions that are known and reasonably knowable to us, we will consider various scenarios,
forecasts, projections, and estimates, and we will make certain key assumptions, including the timing and nature of projected cash expenditures
or programs, and our ability to delay or curtail those expenditures or programs, if necessary, among other factors. Based on this assessment,
as necessary or applicable, we make certain assumptions concerning our ability to curtail or delay research and development programs
and expenditures to the extent we deem probable those implementations can be achieved and we have the proper authority to execute them
within the look-forward period in accordance with ASU 2014-15. 

79 | P a g e 

Revenue
recognition - Lineage recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASU 2014-09 ,
Revenues from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , and in a manner that depicts the transfer of control of a product or a service
to a customer and reflects the amount of the consideration it is entitled to receive in exchange for such product or service. In doing
so, Lineage follows a five-step approach: (i) identify the contract with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the
contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognize
revenue when (or as) the customer obtains control of the product or service. Lineage considers the terms of a contract and all relevant
facts and circumstances when applying the revenue recognition standard. Lineage applies the revenue recognition standard, including the
use of any practical expedients, consistently to contracts with similar characteristics and in similar circumstances. As part of the
accounting treatment for these contracts, we must develop estimates and assumptions that require judgement to determine the underlying
stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation which determines how the transaction price is allocated among the performance
obligations. 

Collaborative
agreements - We review collaborative agreements to determine if the accounting treatment falls under Accounting Standards Codification,
Topic 606 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 , or Accounting Standards Codification Topic
808, Collaborative Arrangements ASC 808 ). While these agreements may be within the scope of ASC 808, we may analogize
to ASC 606 for some aspects of the agreements. 

The
terms of our collaborative agreements typically include one or more of the following: (i) upfront fees; (ii) milestone payments related
to achievement of development or commercial goals; (iii) royalties on net sales of licensed products; and (iv) reimbursement of cost-sharing
of R D expenses. Each of these payments eventually result in collaboration revenues. When a portion of non-refundable upfront fees
or other payments received are allocated to continuing performance obligations under the terms of a collaborative arrangement, they are
recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as collaboration revenue when (or as) the underlying performance obligation is satisfied. 

To
identify the performance obligations within the collaboration agreements, we first identify all the promises in the contract (i.e., explicit
and implicit), which may include a customer option to acquire additional goods or services for free or at a discount. We exclude any
immaterial promises from the assessment of identifying performance obligations. When an option is identified as providing a customer
with a material right, the option is identified as a performance obligation. A portion of the transaction price is then allocated to
the option and recognized when (or as) the future goods or services related to the option are provided or when the option expires. 

As
part of the accounting treatment for these agreements, we must develop estimates and assumptions that require judgement to determine
the underlying stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation which determines how the transaction price is allocated among
the performance obligations. The following items are estimated in the calculation of the stand-alone selling price: forecasted revenues
and development costs, development timelines, discount rates and probabilities of technical and regulatory success. We evaluate each
performance obligation to determine if they can be satisfied at a point in time or over time, and we measure the services delivered to
our collaboration partners each reporting period, which is based on the progress of the related program. If necessary, we adjust the
measure of performance and related revenue recognition. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis which would
affect revenue and net income (loss) in the period of adjustment. In addition, variable consideration (e.g., milestone payments) must
be evaluated to determine if it is constrained and, therefore, excluded from the transaction price. 

Upfront
fees - If a license to our intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in
the arrangement, we recognize collaboration revenues from the transaction price allocated to the license when the license is transferred
to the licensee, and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. When the license is determined to be non-distinct, we
utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation
is satisfied over time or at a point in time, and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing
collaboration revenue from the allocated transaction price. For example, when we receive upfront fees for the performance of research
and development services, or when research and development services are not considered to be distinct from a license, we recognize collaboration
revenue for those units of account over time using a measure of progress. We evaluate the measure of progress at each reporting period
and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue as a change in estimate. 

80 | P a g e 

Milestone
payments - At the inception of each collaboration agreement that includes milestone payments (variable consideration), we evaluate
whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimate the amount to be included in the transaction price using
the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value
is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within our or the collaboration partner s control, such as
non-operational developmental and regulatory approvals, are generally not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals
are received. At the end of each reporting period, we re-evaluate the probability of achievement of milestones that are within our or
the collaboration partner s control, such as operational developmental milestones and any related constraint, and if necessary,
adjust our estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect
collaboration revenues and net income (loss) in the period of adjustment. Revisions to our estimate of the transaction price may also
result in negative collaboration revenues and net income (loss) in the period of adjustment. 

Research
and development Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred for company-sponsored, collaborative and contracted
research and development activities. These costs include direct and research-related overhead expenses including compensation and related
benefits, stock-based compensation, consulting fees, research and laboratory fees, rent of research facilities, amortization of intangible
assets, and license fees paid to third parties to acquire patents or licenses to use patents and other technology. Research and development
costs which have an alternative future use will be capitalized as tangible assets, and costs with no future benefit or alternative use
will be expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses incurred and reimbursed by grants from third parties approximate the
grant income recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. Royalty expenses or sublicensing fees are recorded as research
and development costs, unless these costs are associated with royalties from product sales, which we classify as cost of sales on our
consolidated statements of operations. We estimate preclinical, clinical, and other research related expenses based on services performed,
pursuant to arrangements with contract research organizations, that conduct studies and research on our behalf. We
estimate these expenses based on regular reviews with internal management personnel and external service providers as to the progress
or stage of completion of services and the contracted fees to be paid for such services. Based upon the combined inputs of internal and
external resources, if the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the original estimates, we
will adjust the accrual accordingly. 

Stock-based
compensation We follow accounting standards governing share-based payments, which require the measurement and recognition
of compensation expense for all share-based compensation awards made to directors and employees, including employee stock options, based
on estimated fair values. We utilize the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Our determination of fair value of share-based payment awards
on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex
and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards,
and the expected term of options granted, which is derived using the simplified method, which is an average of the contractual term of
the option and its vesting period, as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
yield in effect at the time of grant for U.S. Treasury notes with maturities similar to the expected term of the awards. Forfeitures
are accounted for as they occur. 

For
restricted stock unit awards RSUs subject to service and/or performance vesting conditions, the grant-date fair value
is established based on the closing price of Lineage s common shares on such date. Stock-based compensation expense for RSUs subject
to only service conditions is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period. Stock-based compensation expense for RSUs
with both service and performance conditions is recognized on a graded basis only if it is probable that the performance condition will
be achieved. Lineage accounts for forfeitures of RSUs as they occur in determining stock-based compensation expense. For RSUs subject
to a market condition, the grant-date fair value is estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation model. The model is based on random projections
of stock price paths and must be repeated numerous times to achieve a probabilistic assessment. Lineage recognizes stock-based compensation
expense for RSUs subject to market-based vesting conditions regardless of whether it becomes probable that the vesting conditions will
be achieved, and stock-based compensation expense for such RSUs is not reversed if vesting does not actually occur. 

81 | P a g e 

Although
the fair value of employee stock options is determined in accordance with FASB guidance, changes in the assumptions can materially affect
the estimated value and therefore the amount of compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements. In management s
opinion, the existing valuation models may not provide an accurate measure of the fair value of employee stock options because the option-pricing
model value may not be indicative of the fair value that would be established in a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

The
following table shows our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands except percentages). 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Collaboration revenues 
 13,367 
 1,120 
 12,247 
 1,093 
 
 Royalties 
 1,336 
 2,776 
 (1,440 
 (52 
 
 Grant revenues 
 - 
 445 
 (445 
 (100 
 
 Total revenues 
 14,703 
 4,341 
 10,362 
 238 
 
 Cost of sales 
 728 
 1,426 
 (698 
 (49 
 
 Gross profit 
 13,975 
 2,915 
 11,060 
 379 

Total
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 14.7 million compared to 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
 10.4 million increase was primarily due to a 12.2 million increase in collaboration revenues related to the current year recognition
of the 50.0 million upfront payment under the Roche Agreement, which was included in deferred revenues at December 31, 2021 (see Note
3 (Revenue) to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information) ,
 offset by a 1.4 million decrease in royalties which were significantly higher in the prior year resulting from the recording
of royalty revenues of approximately 1.8 million from a certain customer during the prior year based on the customers updated communication
to us regarding royalties due, and a 0.4 million decrease in grant revenues due to less grant-related
activities during the year. Grant revenues are generated primarily by our subsidiary Cell Cure from the IIA for the development
of OpRegen and our bio retina program. The decrease in our grant revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year
ended December 31, 2021, were primarily due to less grant-related activities. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses consist of research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses. 

Research
and development expenses . These expenses consist of costs incurred for company-sponsored, collaborative and contracted research and
development activities. These costs include direct and research-related overhead expenses including compensation and related benefits,
stock-based compensation, consulting fees, research and laboratory fees, rent of research facilities, amortization of intangible assets,
and license fees paid to third parties to acquire patents or licenses to use patents and other technology. Research and development expenses
that have an alternative future use will be capitalized as tangible assets, and costs with no future benefit or alternative use will
be expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses incurred and reimbursed by grants from third parties approximate the grant
income recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. Royalties and sublicensing fees are recorded as research and development
expenses, unless they are associated with royalties from product sales, which we classify as cost of sales in our consolidated statements
of operations. 

82 | P a g e 

General
and administrative expenses . These expenses include employee and director compensation and related benefits, including stock-based
compensation, for executive and corporate personnel, professional and consulting fees, and allocated overhead such as facilities rent
and equipment rent and maintenance, insurance costs allocated to general and administrative expenses, costs of patent applications, prosecution
and maintenance, stock exchange-related costs, depreciation expense, marketing costs, legal and accounting costs, and other miscellaneous. 

The
following table shows our operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands, except percentages). 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 13,987 
 33,914 
 (19,927 
 (59 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 22,508 
 18,212 
 4,296 
 24 

Research
and development expenses . The 19.9 million year-over-year decrease in research and development expense is primarily the result of
 21.0 million of royalty and redemption fee expense recorded in 2021 for payments owed to Hadasit and the IIA pursuant to financial obligations
to each of them in connection with the 50.0 million upfront payment we received from Roche in January 2022 under the Roche Agreement
and for which there was no similar expense in 2022 (see Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements
included in this report). 

General
and administrative expenses . The 4.3 million year-over-year increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable
to (i) a 2.1 million increase in legal and litigation expense, (ii) a 1.3 million increase in employee salaries and benefits, (iii)
a 0.9 million increase in stock-based compensation related expenses (see Note 12 (Stock Based-Awards) to our consolidated financial
statements included in this report for additional information), (iv) a 0.4 million increase for audit and tax services, (v) a 0.2 million
increase in insurance costs, (vi) a 0.2 million increase in consulting expenses, (vii) a 0.1 million increase in recruiting and hiring
fees, (viii) a 0.1 million increase in travel expenses, (ix) a 0.6 million decrease in patent related costs and (x) a 0.5 million
decrease in investor relations expenses. 

The
following table shows the amount of our total research and development expenses allocated to our primary research and development projects
for the periods presented (amounts in thousands, except percentages). 

Year Ended December 31, 

Amount 
 Percent of Total 
 
 Program 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 OpRegen 
 5,043 
 25,507 
 36 
 75 
 
 OPC1 
 5,039 
 6,145 
 36 
 18 
 
 VAC platform 
 2,582 
 2,178 
 19 
 6 
 
 ANP1 
 741 
 - 
 5 
 - 
 
 PNC1 
 458 
 - 
 3 
 - 
 
 All other programs 
 124 
 84 
 1 
 1 
 
 Total research and development expenses 
 13,987 
 33,914 
 100 
 100 

Research
and development expenses . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the 19.9 million decrease in total research and development expenses
is mainly attributable to: (i) a 20.5 million net decrease in expenses related to our OpRegen program, attributable to last year s
payment of 21.0 million for royalty and redemption fee expenses paid to Hadasit and the IIA, respectively; (ii) a 1.1 million net decrease
in expenses related to our OPC1 program, primarily related to a decrease in manufacturing activities for the program; (iii) a 0.4 million
increase in expense related to our VAC program, primarily related to manufacturing improvement activities; (iv) a 0.7 million increase
in expenses related to our ANP1 program, primarily related to manufacturing activities for our allogeneic auditory neuron cell transplant
program; and (v) a 0.5 million increase in expenses related to our PNC1 program, primarily related to research and development activities
for our allogeneic photoreceptor cell transplant program. 

83 | P a g e 

Other
Income and Expenses, Net 

The
following table shows the amount of other income (expenses), net, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Other income (expenses), net 

Interest income, net 
 829 
 2 
 
 Gain on sale of marketable equity securities 
 - 
 6,024 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 523 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable equity securities 
 (2,194 
 (2,299 
 
 Gain on revaluation of warrant liability 
 225 
 205 
 
 Other income (expenses), net 
 (2,152 
 1,486 
 
 Total other income (expenses), net 
 (3,292 
 5,941 

Marketable
debt securities . During the third quarter of 2022, we began to invest our excess cash in short-term U.S. Treasury securities resulting
in an increase in interest income. See Note 4 (Marketable Debt Securities) to our consolidated financial statements included in this
report for additional information regarding our marketable debt securities. 

Marketable equity securities .
We expect our total other income (expenses), net, to fluctuate each reporting period based on the changes in the market price of the common
stock of OncoCyte Corporation OncoCyte ), which could impact our net income or loss reported in our consolidated statements
of operations for a particular reporting period. 

We
also account for the shares we hold in Hadasit Bio-Holdings as marketable equity securities. These shares are carried at fair market
value on our consolidated balance sheets. The accounting transactions for these shares were not material for either of the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

See
Note 5 (Marketable Equity Securities) to our consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information regarding
our marketable equity securities. 

Gain
on extinguishment of debt. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Lineage recognized a gain of 0.5 million on extinguishment of debt
in connection with the forgiveness in full of the loan it obtained under the Paycheck Protection Program. 

Other income and (expenses),
net . Other expenses, net, for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted primarily of net foreign currency transaction
gains and losses recognized by our subsidiaries Cell Cure and ES Cell International Pte. Ltd. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses
for the periods presented are principally related to the remeasurement of the U.S. dollar denominated notes payable and notes receivable
between Cell Cure and Lineage. 

Income
Taxes 

Under
ASC 740, Income Taxes , a valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. We established a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2018 due to the uncertainty of realizing future
tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets, including foreign net operating losses generated
by its subsidiaries. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, Lineage recorded a withholding tax for 0.5 million on interest expense deemed paid to Lineage from
Cell Cure, related to the purchase of intellectual property pursuant to the US Israeli tax treaty. For the years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, Lineage did not record a deferred tax benefit. See Note 13 (Income Taxes) for additional information. 

84 | P a g e 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources
of Liquidity 

We
have historically funded our operations primarily through proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock, the sale of common stock
of our former subsidiaries, research grants, revenues from collaborations, and royalties from product sales that are unrelated to our
current cell therapy product candidates. During 2022, we funded our operations primarily through (a) the 50.0 million upfront payment
received under the Roche Agreement, (b) 1.6 million of proceeds from the exercise of warrants and employee stock options, and (c) 1.3
million in royalties received. During 2022, we did not raise any proceeds from research grants, sales of our common stock or from sales
of common stock of our former subsidiaries. 

As
of December 31, 2022, 63.8 million remained available for sale under our at the market offering program and we owned marketable
equity securities with a fair value of 0.4 million based on the closing price of such securities on that date. See Note 5
(Marketable Equity Securities) and Note 11 (Shareholders Equity) to our consolidated financial statements included in this
report for additional information regarding the marketable equity securities we own and our at the market offering program,
respectively. We may sell shares of our common stock and the marketable securities we own for liquidity. However, when we can effect
such sales and the amount of shares we can sell depends on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including,
among others, market conditions, the trading price and volume of our common stock and of the marketable securities we own. The
market value of our marketable equity securities may not represent the amount that could be realized in a sale of such securities
due to various market factors, including prevailing market conditions and prices at the time of any sale and subsequent sales of
securities by the entities. In addition, the value of our marketable equity securities may be significantly and adversely impacted
by deteriorating global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the
United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts, rising
inflation and interest rates, and other macroeconomic factors. 

Cash
Flows 

Cash
provided by (used in) operating activities 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which primarily reflects the net changes
in assets and liabilities of 18.7 million, plus the 5.0 million in non-cash expenses for stock-based compensation and depreciation
and amortization, less the loss from operations of 22.5 million. The change in assets and liabilities was impacted by the receipt of
the 50.0 million upfront payment under the Roche Agreement, and subsequent related payments to the IIA and Hadasit (see Note 14 (Commitments
and Contingencies) to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for further explanation), partially offset by the
accrual of the litigation settlement also as described in Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies). The unrealized loss on marketable
equity securities and foreign currency remeasurement had no effect on the cash flows. 

Net
cash used in operating activities of 23.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflects the loss from operations of
 49.2 million adjusted for the changes in assets and liabilities of 21.1 million. These items were offset primarily by non-cash expenses
of 3.5 million for stock-based compensation and 0.9 million of depreciation and amortization. The unrealized loss on marketable securities,
and foreign currency remeasurement are non-cash items that had no effect on cash flows. 

Cash
provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash
used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 46.2 million and consisted of 53.4 million related to the purchase
of U.S. Treasury securities and 0.4 million for the purchase of equipment, offset with 7.7 million in U.S. Treasuries which matured
during the year. 

85 | P a g e 

Cash
provided by investing activities of 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was associated primarily with receipts of 10.1
million from sales of a portion of our OncoCyte holdings, offset with the purchase of equipment for 0.4 million. 

Cash
provided by financing activities 

Cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.6 million and consisted of 1.0 million of proceeds from
the exercise of warrants to purchase shares of Cell Cure and 0.6 million of proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options. 

Cash
provided by financing activities of 36.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was associated primarily with proceeds net of
financing costs of 29.8 million from the sale of common shares in at the market offerings under our Controlled Equity Offering SM
 Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and proceeds of 7.2 million from the exercise of employee stock options. 

Financial
Obligations 

Our
financial obligations primarily consist of obligations to our licensors under our in-license agreements, obligations related to grants
received from government entities, including the IIA, obligations under vendor contracts to provide research services and other purchase
commitments with suppliers. 

The
obligations under our in-license agreements require us to make future payments relating to sublicense fees, milestone fees, royalties
and reimbursement of patent maintenance costs. Sublicense fees are payable to licensors when we sublicense underlying intellectual property
to third parties and are based on a percentage of the license fees we receive from sublicensees. Milestone fees, including those related
to the Roche Agreement, are due to licensors upon future achievement of certain commercial, development and regulatory milestones. Royalties,
including those related to royalties we may receive under the Roche Agreement, are payable to licensors based on a percentage of net
sales of licensed products. Reimbursement of patent maintenance costs are payable to licensors as reimbursement for the cost of maintaining
license patents. Due to the contingent nature of these payments, the amounts may fluctuate significantly from period to period. As of
December 31, 2022, we have not included any financial obligations under our in-license agreements in our consolidated balance sheet because
the achievement and timing of the events that would require the payment of such financial obligations is not fixed and determinable. 

As
discussed in Part I Item 1. Business Grants from Government Entities, above, we have received grants under
the Innovation Law and are required to pay royalties to the IIA from the revenues generated from the sale of product candidates and
related services developed, in whole or in part pursuant to, or as a result of, a research and development program funded by the
IIA. Under the Innovation Law, we are also required to pay redemption fees to the IIA. To date, through a series of separate grants
beginning in 2007, Cell Cure has received a total of 15.4 million from the IIA to support the OpRegen program. We are obligated to
pay approximately 24.3 of any future payments received under the Roche Agreement to the IIA, up to an aggregate cap on all payments
to IIA, such cap growing over time via interest accrual until paid in full, which currently stands at approximately 91.2 million.
Redemption fees due to the IIA under the Innovation Law are due upon receipt of any milestone and royalties received under the Roche
Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we have not included any future financial obligations due to the IIA under the Innovation Law in
our consolidated balance sheet because the achievement and timing of the events that would require future payments to the IIA under
the Innovation Law is not fixed and determinable. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated financial
statements included in this report for additional information. 

Under
the terms of the leases for the facilities from which Cell Cure and Lineage operate, a total of 4.3 million of rent payments will become
due, of which 1.1 million will become due in 2023. 

In
the normal course of business, we enter into services agreements with contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations
and other third parties. Generally, these agreements provide for termination upon notice, with specified amounts due upon termination
based on the timing of termination and the terms of the agreement. The amounts and timing of payments under these agreements are uncertain
and contingent upon the initiation and completion of the services to be provided. 

86 | P a g e 

Future
Funding Requirements 

At
December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 363.4 million. We expect to continue to incur losses for at least
the next several years. We expect that our operating expenses will continue to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue the
development of, and seek regulatory approval for, our product candidates. As a result, we will need significant additional capital to
fund our operations. Our determination as to when we will seek additional capital and the amount of additional capital that we will need
will be based on our evaluation of the progress we make in our research and development programs, changes to the scope and focus of those
programs, changes in grant funding for certain of those programs, and projection of future costs, revenues, and rates of expenditure.
If we are unable to raise additional capital when and as needed, we may be required to delay, postpone, or cancel our clinical trials
or limit the number of clinical trial sites. 

We
may seek to obtain the additional capital we may need through one or more equity offerings, debt financings or other third-party funding,
including potential strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration agreements. We cannot assure that adequate additional capital
will be available on favorable terms, if at all. The issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, or the possibility of
such issuance, may cause the market price of our common shares to decline, and the issuance of additional equity securities could result
in the dilution of the interests of our current shareholders. If we obtain additional capital through strategic alliances and licensing
or collaboration agreements, we may be required to relinquish rights to our intellectual property, our product candidates or otherwise
agree to terms unfavorable to us. The unavailability or inadequacy of additional capital to meet future capital needs could force us
to modify, curtail, delay, or suspend some or all aspects of our current planned operations. Our ability to raise additional capital
may be adversely impacted by deteriorating global economic conditions and the disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial
markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict in Ukraine,
rising inflation and interest rates, and other macroeconomic factors. 

We
believe that our 57.9 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at December 31, 2022, provide sufficient liquidity
to carry out our current planned operations (including after taking into account the amount we contributed to the settlement of the litigation
discussed in Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the consolidated financial statements included in this report), through at least
twelve months from the issuance date of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. We believe we will meet
our longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations with our current cash and cash equivalents, milestone and other payments
we expect to receive under our collaboration agreements, and proceeds we receive from sales under our at the market offering program. 

87 | P a g e 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Under
rules and regulations of the SEC, as a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

88 | P a g e 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to consolidated financial statements 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Audit Opinion 
 90 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 92 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 93 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 94 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 95 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 96 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

89 | P a g e 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Lineage
Cell Therapeutics, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

90 | P a g e 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements; and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Accounting
for revenue recognition 

Description
of the Matter 

The
Company recorded deferred revenue of 36.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and revenue of 13.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2022 from a collaboration agreement. As described in Note 3, the Company has concluded that the grant of licenses for the Company s
technology or programs, research and development services, and services or obligations in connection with participation in research or
steering committees represent a combined performance obligation for which the Company recognizes collaboration revenues as the services
are performed over time. 

Auditing
the Company s accounting for revenues from this collaboration agreement was complex and required significant judgments, primarily
in evaluating the period in which the performance obligation was satisfied and evaluating estimates of total expected inputs under the
input method for revenue recognized over time. 

 How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

 To
test the measurement of efforts toward satisfying the performance obligation, our audit procedures included, among others, reviewing
management s analysis for accuracy and completeness by agreeing data to the underlying agreement, inspecting communications with
the collaborative partner, evaluating the application of the input method for the recognition of revenue and testing the estimated total
inputs and actual inputs incurred. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

March
9, 2023 

PCAOB
ID Number 

91 | P a g e 

LINEAGE
CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (IN
THOUSANDS) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities (Notes 4 and 5) 

Accounts and grants receivable, net (Note 3) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

NONCURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net (Notes 6 and 14) 

Deposits and other long-term assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Lease liabilities, current portion (Note 14) 

Financing lease, current portion (Note 14) 

Deferred revenues (Note 3) 

Liability classified warrants, current portion 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred revenues, net of current portion (Note 3) 

Lease liability, net of current portion (Note 14) 

Financing lease, net of current portion (Note 14) 

Other long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 - 
 - 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred shares, par value, authorized shares; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common shares, par value, authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. shareholders equity 

Noncontrolling deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

92 | P a g e 

LINEAGE
CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES: 

Collaboration revenues 

Royalties 

Grant revenues 
 - 

Total revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): 

Interest income, net 

Gain on sale of marketable securities 
 - 

Unrealized loss on marketable equity securities 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Gain on revaluation of warrant liability 

Other income (expense), net 

Total other income/(expense) 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense (Note 13) 
 
 - 
 
 NET LOSS 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO LINEAGE 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

BASIC AND DILUTED 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

93 | P a g e 

LINEAGE
CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (IN
THOUSANDS) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 NET LOSS 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Unrealized loss on marketable debt securities 
 
 - 
 
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Less: comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO LINEAGE COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

94 | P a g e 

LINEAGE
CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (IN
THOUSANDS) 

Preferred
 Shares 
 Common
 Shares 
 
 Noncontrolling 
 Accumulated
 Other 
 Total 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Interest/ 
 (Deficit) 
 Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued through ATM 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued upon vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares retired to pay employees taxes 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued upon exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Financing
 related fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued for retirement of stock warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

NET
 LOSS 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued upon vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares retired to pay employees taxes 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued upon exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Subsidiary
 warrant exercise, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Unrealized
 loss on marketable securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

NET
 LOSS 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

B alance 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

95 | P a g e 

LINEAGE
CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (IN
THOUSANDS) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss attributable to Lineage 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss attributable to Lineage to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on sale of marketable equity securities 
 - 

Unrealized loss on marketable equity securities 

Accretion of income on marketable debt securities 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation expense, including amortization of leasehold improvements 

Change in right-of-use assets and liabilities 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 

Gain on revaluation of warrant liability 

Foreign currency remeasurement and other loss/(gain) 

Loss/(gain) on sale of assets 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and grants receivable (Note 3) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 8) 

Deferred revenue and other liabilities (Note 3) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of marketable debt securities 
 
 - 
 
 Maturities of marketable debt securities 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of property and equipment, net 

Proceeds from sale of OncoCyte common shares 
 - 

Proceeds from the sale of HBL common shares 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from employee options exercised 

Common shares received and retired for employee taxes paid 

Proceeds from sale of common shares 

Proceeds from exercise of subsidiary warrants, net 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments of financing lease liabilities 

Payments for offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

At beginning of year 

At end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during year for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Receivable from sale of common shares in at the market offering 
 - 

Receivable from exercise of stock options 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

96 | P a g e 

LINEAGE
CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million upfront payment and is eligible to receive up to million in certain developmental, regulatory, and commercialization
milestone payments. Lineage also is eligible to receive tiered double-digit percentage royalties on net sales of OpRegen in the U.S. and other
major markets. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report
for discussion on the Roche Agreement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have five allogeneic, or off-the-shelf, cell therapy programs in development, of which three have
reached clinical testing: 

Product
Candidates 

OpRegen ,
 an allogeneic retinal pigment epithelium cell replacement therapy currently in a Phase 2a multicenter clinical trial, being
 conducted by Genentech, for the treatment of geographic atrophy (GA) secondary to age-related macular degeneration (AMD), also known
 as atrophic or dry AMD. A previous Phase 1/2a trial conducted by Lineage enrolled twenty-four (24) individuals with dry AMD with GA.
 In December 2021, this program was partnered with Roche for further clinical development and commercialization. 

OPC1 ,
 an allogeneic oligodendrocyte progenitor cell therapy currently in long-term follow-up from a Phase 1/2a multicenter clinical trial
 for cervical spinal cord injuries. To date, five (5) patients with thoracic spinal cord injuries and twenty-five (25) patients with
 cervical spinal cord injuries have been enrolled in clinical trials of OPC1. The clinical development of OPC1 has been partially
 funded by million received under a grant from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine. Additional clinical trials
 are being planned. 

VAC ,
 an allogeneic cancer immunotherapy comprised of antigen-presenting dendritic cells. One of
 the VAC product candidates, VAC2, is currently in a Phase 1 clinical trial in non-small cell
 lung cancer. This clinical trial is being funded and conducted by Cancer Research UK, one
 of the world s largest independent cancer research charities. An additional VAC-based
 product candidate is in preclinical development with our partner, Immunomic Therapeutics,
 Inc., for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme. 

ANP1 ,
 an allogeneic auditory neuron progenitor cell transplant currently in preclinical development for the treatment of debilitating hearing
 loss. 

PNC1,
 an allogeneic photoreceptor cell transplant currently in preclinical development for the treatment of vision loss due to photoreceptor
 dysfunction or damage. 

Other
Programs 

We
have additional undisclosed product candidates being considered for development, which cover a range of therapeutic areas and unmet medical
needs. Generally, these product candidates are based on the same platform technology and employ a similar guided cell differentiation
and transplant approach as the product candidates detailed above, but in some cases may also include genetic modifications designed
to enhance efficacy and/or safety profiles. 

In
addition to seeking to create value for shareholders by developing product candidates and advancing those candidates through
clinical development, we also may seek to create value from our large patent estate and additional related technologies and capabilities, through
partnering and/or strategic transactions. 

Use
of estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period with consideration given to materiality. Significant estimates and assumptions which are subject to significant judgment include
those related to going concern assessment of consolidated financial statements, useful lives associated with long-lived assets, including
evaluation of asset impairment, allowances for uncollectible accounts receivables, loss contingencies, deferred income taxes and tax
reserves, including valuation allowances related to deferred income taxes, and assumptions used to value stock-based awards, debt or
other equity instruments. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

Principles
of consolidation 

Lineage s
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of its subsidiaries. The following table reflects Lineage s ownership, directly
or through one or more subsidiaries of the outstanding shares of its operating subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. 

(1)(2) 
 Israel 
 
 ES Cell International Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

(1) 

(2) 
 . In July 2022, Hadasit Bio-Holdings Ltd. exercised
 warrants to purchase ordinary shares of Cell Cure. Lineage s ownership percentage of Cell Cure decreased as a result
 of the warrant exercise. As of December 31, 2022, our ownership percentage of Cell Cure was approximately . 

All
material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. As of December 31, 2022, Lineage consolidated
its direct and indirect wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries because Lineage has the ability to control their operating and financial
decisions and policies through its ownership, and the noncontrolling interest is reflected as a separate element of shareholders 
equity on Lineage s consolidated balance sheets. 

Liquidity 

On
December 31, 2022, we had million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Based on our current operating plan, we
believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with our projected cash flows, will be sufficient to enable
us to carry out our planned operations through at least twelve months from the issuance date of our consolidated financial statements. 

Capital
Resources 

Since
inception, we have incurred significant operating losses and have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities,
the sale of common stock of our former subsidiaries, receipt of proceeds from research grants, revenues from collaborations, and royalties
from product sales. 

As
of December 31, 2022, million remained available for sale under our at the market offering program. See Note 11 (Shareholders 
Equity) for additional information. 

We
may use our marketable securities for liquidity as necessary and as market conditions allow. The market value of our marketable securities
may not represent the amount that could be realized in a sale of such securities due to various market and regulatory factors, including
trading volume, prevailing market conditions and prices at the time of any sale and subsequent sales of securities by the entities. In
addition, the value of our marketable equity securities may be significantly and adversely impacted by deteriorating global economic
conditions and the recent disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting
from the ongoing pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts, rising inflation and interest rates, and other
macroeconomic factors. 

Additional
Capital Requirements 

Our
financial obligations primarily consist of vendor contracts to provide research services and other purchase commitments with suppliers.
In the normal course of business, we enter into services agreements with contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations
and other third parties. Generally, these agreements provide for termination upon notice, with specified amounts due upon termination
based on the timing of termination and the terms of the agreement. The amounts and timing of payments under these agreements are uncertain
and contingent upon the initiation and completion of the services to be provided. 

Our
commitments include obligations to our licensors under our in-license agreements, and obligations related to grants received from government
entities. These obligations may require us to make future payments relating to sublicense fees, milestone fees, redemption fees, royalties
and reimbursement of patent maintenance costs. Sublicense fees are payable to licensors when we sublicense underlying intellectual property
to third parties; the fees are based on a percentage of the license fees we receive from sublicensees. Milestone payments are due to
licensors upon our future achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones. Royalties are payable to licensors based on a
percentage of net sales of licensed products. Patent maintenance costs are payable to licensors as reimbursement for the cost of maintaining
license patents. Due to the contingent nature of these payments, the amounts may fluctuate significantly from period to period. As of
December 31, 2022, we have not included these commitments on our consolidated balance sheet because the achievement and timing of these
events is not fixed and determinable. 

million upfront payment and Lineage is eligible to receive up to
an additional million in certain developmental, regulatory and commercialization milestone payments. Lineage is also eligible
to receive tiered double-digit percentage royalties on net sales of OpRegen. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) for additional
information regarding this agreement. 

In
April 2021, Lineage entered a worldwide license and collaboration agreement with Immunomic Therapeutics, Inc. for the development
and commercialization of an allogeneic version of an immunomic oncology target utilizing the VAC platform. Under the terms of this
agreement, Lineage is entitled to upfront licensing fees totaling up to 
million, which we have received million, and up to 
million in development and commercial milestones across multiple indications. Lineage also will be eligible to receive royalties up
to 
on net sales of future products. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we recorded million and million of deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet, related to the
collaboration agreements with each of Roche and Immunomic Therapeutics, Inc., respectively. For the twelve months ended December 31,
2022, we recognized million of revenue on the consolidated statement of operations, related to the Roche Agreement. See Note 3
(Revenue) for additional information. 

We
review collaborative agreements to determine if the accounting treatment falls under Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 606,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 , or Accounting Standards Codification Topic 808, Collaborative
Arrangements ASC 808 ). While these agreements may be within the scope of ASC 808, we may analogize to ASC 606 for
some aspects of the agreements. 

The
terms of our collaborative agreements typically include one or more of the following: (i) upfront fees; (ii) milestone payments related
to achievement of development or commercial milestones; (iii) royalties on net sales of licensed products; and (iv) reimbursement of
cost-sharing of research and development R D expenses. Each of these payments eventually result in collaboration
revenues. When a portion of non-refundable upfront fees or other payments received are allocated to continuing performance obligations
under the terms of a collaborative agreement, they are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as collaboration revenue when (or
as) the underlying performance obligation is satisfied. 

To
identify the performance obligations within the collaboration agreements, we first identify all the promises in the contract (i.e., explicit
and implicit), which may include a customer option to acquire additional goods or services for free or at a discount. We exclude any
immaterial promises from the assessment of identifying performance obligations. When an option is identified as providing a customer
with a material right, the option is identified as a performance obligation. A portion of the transaction price is then allocated to
the option and recognized when (or as) the future goods or services related to the option are provided, or when the option expires. 

As
part of the accounting treatment for these agreements, we must develop estimates and assumptions that require judgement to determine
the underlying stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation which determines how the transaction price is allocated among
the performance obligations. The following items are estimated in the calculation of the stand-alone selling price: forecasted revenues
and development costs, development timelines, discount rates and probabilities of technical and regulatory success. We evaluate each
performance obligation to determine if they can be satisfied at a point in time or over time, and we measure the services delivered to
our collaboration partners each reporting period, which is based on the progress of the related program. If necessary, we adjust the
measure of performance and related revenue recognition. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis which would
affect revenue and net income (loss) in the period of adjustment. In addition, variable considerations (e.g., milestone payments) must
be evaluated to determine if it is constrained and, therefore, excluded from the transaction price. 

Upfront
fees - If a license to our intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in
the arrangement, we recognize collaboration revenues from the transaction price allocated to the license when the license is transferred
to the licensee, and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. When the license is determined to be non-distinct, we
utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation
is satisfied over time or at a point in time, and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing
collaboration revenue from the allocated transaction price. For example, when we receive upfront fees for the performance of research
and development services, or when research and development services are not considered to be distinct from a license, we recognize collaboration
revenue for those units of account over time using a measure of progress. We evaluate the measure of progress at each reporting period
and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue as a change in estimate. 

Milestone
payments - At the inception of each collaboration agreement that includes milestone payments (variable consideration), we evaluate
whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimate the amount to be included in the transaction price using
the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value
is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within our or the collaboration partner s control, such as
non-operational developmental and regulatory approvals, are generally not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals
are received. At the end of each reporting period, we re-evaluate the probability of achievement of milestones that are within our or
the collaboration partner s control, such as operational developmental milestones and any related constraint, and if necessary,
adjust our estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect
collaboration revenues and net income (loss) in the period of adjustment. Revisions to our estimate of the transaction price may also
result in negative collaboration revenues and net income (loss) in the period of adjustment. 

Royalties
- For collaboration agreements that include sales-based royalties, including commercial milestone payments based on the level of
sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, we recognize revenue at the later of (i) when
the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied
(or partially satisfied). 

Reimbursement,
cost-sharing payments - Under certain collaborative agreements, we will receive reimbursement for a portion of our R D expenses.
Such reimbursements are reviewed for gross versus net reporting considerations and reflected either as a reduction of R D expense
or as reimbursement revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Restricted stock units 

Restricted cash included in long-term assets (see Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies)) 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. Net trade receivables include an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately million and million as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for those amounts deemed uncollectible by Lineage. Lineage establishes an allowance for
doubtful accounts based on the evaluation of the collectability of its receivables on a variety of factors, including the length of time
receivables are past due, significant events that may impair the customer s ability to pay, such as a bankruptcy filing or deterioration
in the customers operating results or financial position, and historical experience. If circumstances related to customers change, estimates
of the recoverability of receivables would be further adjusted. 

million and million in money market funds, respectively,
considered to be cash equivalents. 

to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life or
the lease term. See Note 6 (Property and Equipment, Net) for additional information. 

to years. 

million. For the years ended December 31, 2021, comprehensive loss includes foreign currency translation adjustments,
net of tax, of million. 

On
December 22, 2017, the United States enacted major federal tax reform legislation, Public Law No. 115-97, commonly referred to as the
2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2017 Tax Act ), which enacted a broad range of changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Beginning
in 2018, the 2017 Tax Act subjects a U.S. stockholder to tax on Global Intangible Low Tax Income GILTI earned by certain
foreign subsidiaries. In general, GILTI is the excess of a U.S. shareholder s total net foreign income over a deemed return on
tangible assets. The provision further allows a deduction of 50 of GILTI, however this deduction is limited to the Company s pre-GILTI
U.S. income. See Note 13 (Income Taxes) for additional information. 

Current
interpretations under ASC 740 state that an entity can make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary
basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or to provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax
is incurred as a period expense. We have elected to account for GILTI as a current period expense when incurred. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . ASU 2016-13 is intended to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected
credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable
information to inform credit loss estimates. ASU 2016-13 is effective for Lineage beginning January 1, 2023. The Company plans to adopt
ASU 2016-13, effective January 1, 2023, and does not anticipate this will have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on
Financial Reporting . This ASU provides optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease the burden in accounting for (or recognizing
the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. This would apply to companies meeting certain criteria that have contracts,
hedging relationships and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference
rate reform. This standard is effective for us immediately and may be applied prospectively to contract modifications made and hedging
relationships entered into or evaluated on or before December 31, 2022. During 2022, the FASB. issued ASU 2022-06 Reference Rate Reform
(Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848. This ASU extended the sunset date of Topic 848 to December 31, 2024. We are
currently assessing the impact the new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

Grant revenues 

Israel Innovation Authority IIA 
 - 

Total grant revenues 
 - 

Revenues under collaborative agreements 

Upfront license fees 

Event-based development milestones 
 - 

Reimbursements, cost-sharing payments 
 - 

Total revenues under collaborative agreements 

Total revenue 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 we recognized million in total revenue, of which million was recognized in collaboration
revenues related to the million upfront payment from Roche, which was included in deferred revenues at December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 we recognized million in total revenue. We recognized million in revenues from new license
agreements entered into during the period, which were recorded as revenues under collaboration agreements. This amount represents upfront
license fees and reimbursement revenues earned during the period as well as million of variable consideration where development
milestones were achieved. We also recognized revenue of million during the period for grant revenues which had been included in
deferred revenues at December 31, 2020. 

We
are recognizing the million upfront payment under the Roche Agreement utilizing an input method of costs incurred over total estimated
costs to be incurred. At each reporting period, we update our total estimated collaboration costs, and any resulting adjustments are
recorded on a cumulative basis which would affect revenue and net income (loss) in the period of adjustment. We believe the input methodology
represents the most appropriate measure of progress towards satisfaction of the identified performance obligations. 

Deferred revenues (1)(2)(3) 

(1) 
 million upfront payment under the Roche
 Agreement received in January 2022, offset to deferred revenues. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies). 

(2) 

(3) 
 million, and deferred revenue was recorded for our contracts with customers. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the amounts in the transaction price of our contracts with customers, including collaboration partners, and allocated
goods and services not yet provided were million, of which million has been collected and is reported as deferred revenues,
and million relates to unfulfilled commitments for the ITI collaboration (see Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies)). The unfulfilled
commitments are estimated to be delivered by the end of the fourth quarter of 2023. Of the total deferred revenues of million,
approximately million is expected to be recognized within the next 12 months. 

Roche (December 2021) (5) 
 
 - 
 - 

Total amounts under our collaboration agreements included in the transaction price 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 
 million of the transaction price was allocated to the second performance obligation. The option will be recognized when the
 customer exercises the option or when this option expires. Regulatory and development milestones are variable considerations that
 are fully constrained until the uncertainty of each milestone has been resolved. Sales-based milestones and royalties are variable
 considerations that will not be included in the transaction price until the related commercialization milestones and sales targets
 have occurred. We currently estimate the unsatisfied performance obligations within the contract to be completed by December 31,
 2026. 

Total 

The
Company has not recognized an allowance for credit losses on any securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022. We
believe that the individual unrealized losses represent temporary declines resulting from changes in interest rates, and we intend to
hold these marketable securities to their maturity. 

Total available-for-sale debt securities 

The
Company currently does not intend to sell these securities prior to maturity and does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily
impaired at December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022 we did not have any marketable debt securities which were classified as cash equivalents on the consolidated balance
sheet. As of December 31, 2021 the Company did not have any marketable debt securities. 

million shares of OncoCyte common stock. These shares had a fair value of approximately
 million, based on the closing price of OncoCyte of per share on December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, Lineage owned
approximately million shares of OncoCyte common stock. These shares had a fair value of approximately million, based on the
closing price of OncoCyte of per share on December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, Lineage recorded a net unrealized loss on marketable equity securities of million related to changes
in fair market value of OncoCyte s common stock price during the period. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Lineage recorded
a realized gain of million due to sales of OncoCyte shares in the period. Lineage also recorded a net unrealized loss for 2021 on
marketable equity securities of million related to changes in fair market value of OncoCyte s common stock price during 2021. 

All
share prices are determined based on the closing price of OncoCyte common stock under the trading symbol OCX on the NYSE
American on the applicable dates, for the last day of trading of the applicable quarter, if the last day of a quarter fell on a weekend. 

We
account for the shares we hold in HBL as marketable equity securities as of December 31, 2022. These securities were carried at fair
market value on our consolidated balance sheets, and the accounting transactions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were
not material. 

Leasehold improvements 

Right-of-use assets 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Property
and equipment for financing leases was , and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Intangible assets: 

Acquired IPR D OPC1 (from the Asterias Merger) (2) 

Acquired IPR D VAC2 (from the Asterias Merger) (2) 

Intangible assets subject to amortization: 

Acquired patents 

Acquired royalty contracts (3) 

Total intangible assets 

Accumulated amortization (4) 

Intangible assets, net 

(1) 

(2) 
 million as part of the purchase
 price allocation that was performed in connection with the Asterias Merger. The fair value
 of these assets consisted of million pertaining to the OPC1 program and million
 pertaining to the VAC2 program. 

(3) 

(4)
 
 . 

Lineage
amortizes its intangible assets over an estimated period of to years on a straight-line basis. Lineage recognized approximately
 million and million in amortization expense of intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

Total 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued liabilities (1) 

Other current liabilities 
 - 

Total 

(1) 
 
 million payment by Lineage to Hadasit and IIA in accordance with its obligations to such parties related to the Roche Agreement (see
 Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies)), offset with accrual of litigation settlement amount of 
 million (see Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) and Note 19 (Subsequent Events)) . 

- 
 - 
 
 Marketable debt securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Marketable equity securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Liabilities: 

Warrants to purchase Cell Cure ordinary shares 
 
 - 
 - 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Assets: 

Money market fund (1) 

- 
 - 
 
 Marketable equity securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Liabilities: 

Warrants to purchase Cell Cure ordinary shares 
 
 - 
 - 

(1) 

In
determining fair value of liability classified warrants, Lineage utilizes a Black-Scholes pricing model that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes
the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible, and also considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value.
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s Level 3 Cell Cure warrant liabilities
are volatility and share value. A significant increase or decrease in these Level 3 inputs could result in a significantly higher or
lower fair value measurements. 

Change in fair value and other adjustments 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Lineage s
marketable equity securities includes the shares of stock of OncoCyte and HBL. Both securities have readily determinable fair values
quoted on the NYSE American or TASE. These securities are measured at fair value and reported as current assets on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets based on the closing trading price of the security as of the date being presented. 

The
fair value of Lineage s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB guidance regarding disclosures
about fair value of financial instruments, approximate the carrying amounts presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

and , respectively, in legal expenses on
behalf of the foregoing parties. 

preferred shares, par value. The preferred shares may be issued in one or more series as the Lineage
board of directors may determine by resolution. The Lineage board of directors is authorized to fix the number of shares of any series
of preferred shares and to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or imposed on the preferred
shares as a class, or upon any wholly unissued series of any preferred shares. The Lineage board of directors may, by resolution, increase
or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series of preferred shares
subsequent to the issue of shares of that series. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were preferred shares issued
or outstanding. 

Common
Shares 

Lineage
is authorized to issue common shares, par value. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were 
and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

At
The Market Offering Program 

In
May 2020, Lineage entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Cantor
Fitzgerald Co., as sales agent Cantor Fitzgerald ), pursuant to which Lineage may sell its common shares from time
to time through an at the market offering program under the Sales Agreement. 

In
March 2021, Lineage filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC in connection with the offer and sale of million of common shares
through the ATM program under the Sales Agreement March 2021 Prospectus Supplement ). 

In
December 2021, Lineage filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC in connection with the offer and sale of up to million of common
shares (which included million of its common shares which then remained unsold under the March 2021 Prospectus Supplement) through
the ATM program under the Sales Agreement December 2021 Prospectus Supplement ). No further sales will be made under the
March 2021 Prospectus Supplement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Lineage had sold common shares under the December 2021 Prospectus Supplement at a weighted average price
per share of for gross proceeds of million. As of December 31, 2022, million remained available for sale under the December
2021 Prospectus Supplement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no shares were sold through the ATM program. 

The
shares offered under the December 2021 Prospectus Supplement are registered pursuant to Lineage s effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-237975), which was filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020 and declared effective on May 8, 2020, and Lineage s
effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-254167), which was filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021 and declared
effective on March 19, 2021. 

Lineage
agreed to pay Cantor Fitzgerald a commission of of the aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares under the Sales Agreement,
reimburse its legal fees and disbursements, and provide Cantor Fitzgerald with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The
Sales Agreement may be terminated by Cantor Fitzgerald or Lineage at any time upon notice to the other party, or by Cantor Fitzgerald
at any time in certain circumstances, including the occurrence of a material and adverse change in Lineage s business or financial
condition that makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the shares. 

Warrants 

Cell
Cure Warrants Liability Classified 

In
July 2017, Cell Cure issued to HBL a warrant to purchase ordinary shares of Cell Cure at an exercise price of per share
with an expiration date in . In March 2022, HBL was issued shares following its cash exercise of a portion of that warrant,
and an additional shares were transacted as a net exercise. In April 2022, HBL was issued shares following its cash exercise
of a portion of that warrant, which resulted in net proceeds to Cell Cure of million. In July 2022, HBL was issued shares
following its cash exercise of the remaining portion of that warrant, which resulted in net proceeds to Cell Cure of million. 

A
warrant to purchase ordinary shares issued to Cell Cure consultants with an exercise price of per share and which expires
in is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

ASC
815 requires freestanding financial instruments, such as warrants, with exercise prices denominated in currencies other than the functional
currency of the issuer to be accounted for as liabilities at fair value, with all subsequent changes in fair value after the issuance
date to be recorded as gains or losses in the consolidated statements of operations. Because the exercise price of the Cell Cure Warrants
is U.S. dollar-denominated and settlement is not expected to occur in the next twelve months, Cell Cure classified the Cell Cure Warrants
as a long-term liability in accordance with ASC 815. 

The
fair value of the Cell Cure Warrants at the time of issuance was determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the
respective contractual term of the warrants. In applying this model, the fair value is determined by applying Level 3 inputs, as defined
by ASC 820; these inputs are based on certain key assumptions including the fair value of the Cell Cure ordinary shares, adjusted for
lack of marketability, as appropriate, and the expected stock price volatility over the term of the Cell Cure Warrants. The fair value
of the Cell Cure ordinary shares is determined by Cell Cure s Board of Directors, which may engage a valuation specialist to assist
it in estimating the fair value, or may use recent transactions in Cell Cure shares, if any, as a reasonable approximation of fair value,
or may apply other reasonable methods to determining the fair value, including a discount for lack of marketability. The Cell Cure Warrants
are revalued each reporting period using the same methodology described above, with changes in fair value included as gains or losses
in other income and expenses, net, in the consolidated statements of operations. 

For
each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Lineage recorded a noncash gain of million for the decrease in the fair value
of the Cell Cure Warrants included in other income and expenses, net for each period. The decrease in the fair value of the Cell Cure
Warrants was mainly attributable to the time premium amortization, due to the shorter duration of the warrants. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Cell Cure Warrants, were included in current and/or long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

shares and (ii) the number of shares subject to awards granted under the Lineage Cell
Therapeutics Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan that were outstanding when the 2021 Plan became effective
and are not issued because such awards expire or otherwise terminate. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available
for grant under the 2021 Plan. 

As
a result of the approval of the 2021 Plan by our shareholders, no additional awards will be granted under the 2012 Plan or the Asterias
2013 Equity Incentive Award (the Asterias Equity Plan ). 

- 

Options expired/forfeited/cancelled 
 
 - 

RSUs granted (1) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 RSUs forfeited 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 
 - 

(1) 
 
 RSUs to certain employees, including the Company s executive officers, to further align management with the achievement of
 certain development milestones under the Roche Agreement. For each RSU, half of the common shares subject to the RSU will vest in
 four equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. The other half of the common shares will vest
 in connection with the achievement of certain development milestones set forth in the Roche Agreement. Additionally, on March 10, 2022, Lineage granted 300,000 RSUs to Brian
Culley, its Chief Executive Officer. 100,000 of these RSUs will vest on or prior to March 9, 2023, and 100,000 will vest on or prior to
each of the second and third anniversaries of such date, in each case upon the achievement of certain per share performance targets, calculated
based on the trailing 20-day volume weighted average price of the Company s common shares as of the date of determination. If such
per share performance targets are not achieved by the applicale vesting date, then such RSUs will be forfeited. 

RSUs vested 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 
 
 - 

Options expired/forfeited/cancelled 
 
 - 

December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Options forfeited 

December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
compensation expense 

Risk-free interest rates 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

As
of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options and unvested RSUs under all equity plans
(including the 2018 inducement option), were million, which is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted average period
of approximately years. 

million on interest expense deemed paid to Lineage from Cell Cure on the purchase of intellectual property pursuant to the U.S.
Israeli tax treaty. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, Lineage did not record a tax provision or deferred
tax benefit. 

Foreign 

Loss before net income tax benefit 

Research and development and other credits 

Withholding tax 
 
 - 
 
 Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

State tax benefit 

GILTI inclusion 

Foreign rate differential and other 
 - 

Income tax benefit 
 
 - 

Research and development and other credits 

Patents and licenses 

Stock options 

Operating lease liability 
 - 

Capitalized research expense 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred assets, net of valuation allowance 

Operating lease ROU assets 

Intangibles 

Equity method investments and marketable securities at fair value 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

Under
ASC 740, a valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Lineage established a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2018 due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from its
net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets, including foreign net operating losses generated by its subsidiaries. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Lineage has gross net operating loss carryforwards, of approximately million for federal purposes. As of
December 31, 2022, Lineage s foreign subsidiaries have net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million which carryforward
indefinitely. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Lineage has net operating losses of million for state tax purposes. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Lineage has research tax credit carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of million and million,
respectively. These tax credits reflect the amounts for Lineage and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. For federal purposes,
 . The federal tax credits expire in varying amounts , while the state tax credits have no expiration period. 

On
December 17, 2021, Lineage and its subsidiary, Cell Cure, entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Roche, wherein Lineage
granted to Roche exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize RPE cell therapies. Under the agreement Roche paid Lineage a
 million upfront payment, which was received in January of 2022. See Note 14 (Commitments and Contingencies) for additional information. 

For
the tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA eliminates the option to
currently deduct research and development expenses and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five years for research
activities performed in the United States and 15 years for research activities performed outside the United States pursuant to IRC Section
174. Although Congress is considering legislation that would repeal or defer this capitalization and amortization requirement, it is
not certain that this provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. If the requirement is not repealed or replaced, it will decrease
our tax deduction for research and development expense in future years. 

During
December 2021, in an intercompany transaction, Lineage acquired the economic rights to Cell Cure s interest in certain intellectual
property. This transaction generated a gain to Cell Cure of million which was fully offset by net operating loss carryforwards
in Israel. For book and California income tax purposes, this transaction eliminates in consolidation. For federal income tax purposes,
the activities of our foreign subsidiaries are not included in the consolidated tax return. However, under the regulations related to
global intangible low-taxed income GILTI ), the profits of our foreign subsidiaries may be included, see further discussion
below. 

The
2017 Tax Act subjects a U.S. stockholder to GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. In general, GILTI is the excess of a U.S. stockholder s
total net foreign income over a deemed return on tangible assets. The provision further allows a deduction of 50 of GILTI, however this
deduction is limited to the company s pre-GILTI U.S. income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Lineage s combined
foreign entities generated a profit arising from intercompany transactions. As a result, there was an inclusion of million and 
million for GILTI purposes for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The resulting net income for federal income tax purposes was fully offset
by their federal net operating loss carryforwards. 

Other
Income Tax Matters 

Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 places a limitation Section 382 Limitation on the amount of taxable income that can be offset
by NOL carryforwards after a change in control (generally greater than 50 change in ownership within a three-year period) of a loss
corporation. California has similar rules. Generally, after a change in control, a loss corporation cannot deduct NOL carryforwards in
excess of the Section 382 Limitation. Due to these change in ownership provisions, utilization of the NOL and tax credit
carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income in future periods. 

Lineage
files a U.S. federal income tax return as well as a California combined and foreign income tax returns. In general, Lineage is no longer
subject to tax examination by major taxing authorities for years before 2018. Although the statute is closed for purposes of assessing
additional income and tax in these years, the taxing authorities may still make adjustments to the NOL and credit carryforwards used
in open years. Therefore, the statute should be considered open as it relates to the NOL and credit carryforwards used in open years. 

Lineage
may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, U.S. states or foreign jurisdiction authorities in the areas of income taxes.
These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
and compliance with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. Based on Lineage s assessment, no liabilities for uncertain
tax positions should be recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Lineage s management does not expect that the total amount of
unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Lineage s
practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Lineage
has no accrued interest and penalties. 

square feet of rentable space in an office park in Carlsbad, California. The lease was amended in December 2022 and the term was
extended for a period of thirty-seven months (the Extended Term commencing on the later of (i) the date of
substantial completion of the landlord s work or (ii) March 1, 2023 (the Extended Term Commencement Date ). The
lease expires on , and rent was abated for months two through four of the Extended Term. The monthly base rent will be 
through the Extended Term Commencement Date, at which time it will increase to .
As security for the performance of its obligations under the lease, Lineage provided the landlord a security deposit of ,
this amount is included in deposits and other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2022. 

In
addition to base rent, Lineage pays a pro-rata portion of increases in certain expenses, including real property taxes, utilities (to
the extent not separately metered to the leased space) and the landlord s operating expenses, over the amounts of those expenses
incurred by the landlord. These pro-rata charges are expensed as incurred and excluded from the calculation of the ROU assets and lease liabilities. 

Carlsbad
Sublease 

In
September 2022, Lineage, as sublessee, entered into a sublease for approximately 
square feet of rentable industrial space in Carlsbad, California for a term that commenced on and expires on . As security for the performance of its obligations under the sublease, Lineage provided the landlord with a
security deposit of ,
this amount is included in deposits and other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022.
Base rent is 
per month until the lease expires. 

Alameda
Leases and Alameda Sublease 

In
December 2015, Lineage entered into leases of office and laboratory space located in in Alameda, California (the Alameda Leases comprised of 
square feet (the 1010 Atlantic Premises and 
square feet (the 1020 Atlantic Premises ). In April 2020, Lineage, as sublessor, subleased 
square feet in the 1010 Atlantic Premises. On September 11, 2020, the lease for the 1020 Atlantic Premises was terminated effective
as of August 31, 2020, and the lease for the 1010 Atlantic Premises was terminated effective as of September 30, 2020. In connection
with the termination of the Alameda Leases, Lineage, as sublessee, entered into a sublease for approximately 
square feet of the 1010 Atlantic Premises for a term that commenced on . Base rent was initially 
per month with annual increases of 
each October 1 during the term. Base rent for the first month was abated. Lineage paid a security deposit of ,
this amount is included in deposits and other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. On January
31, 2023, the sublease expired. 

Cell
Cure Leases 

Cell
Cure leases square meters (approximately square feet) of office and laboratory space in Jerusalem, Israel under a lease that
expires , with an (the Original Cell Cure Lease ). Base monthly
rent is NIS (approximately per month). In addition to base rent, Cell Cure pays a pro-rata share of real property taxes
and certain costs related to the operation and maintenance of the building in which the leased premises are located. These pro-rata charges are expensed as incurred and excluded from the calculation of the ROU assets and lease liabilities. 

In
January 2018, Cell Cure entered into a lease for an additional 
square meters (approximately 
square feet) of office space in the same facility that expires on , with an (the January 2018 Lease ). Base rent and construction allowance payments are NIS 
per month (approximately 
per month). Cell Cure has provided a 
security deposit to the landlord to be held as restricted cash during the term of its facility lease, which is included in
deposits and other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

In
November 2021, Cell Cure entered into a lease for an additional square meters (approximately square feet) of office space in
the same facility that commenced on December 1, 2021, and expires on December 31, 2027, with an .
The base monthly rent is NIS (approximately US and increased to NIS (approximately US on November 1, 2022. 

In
August 2022, Cell Cure entered into a new lease for square meters (approximately square feet) of office and laboratory space
in Jerusalem, Israel that expires , with an . Base monthly rent is NIS
(approximately per month) on August 1, 2022. When executing the new lease, Cell Cure modified the expiration dates and options
terms for the leases identified above to align with the new lease. The adjustment to the right-of-use asset and lease liability to reflect
the lease modification for the 2-year extension was million, while the additional right-of-use asset and lease liability recorded
for the new lease was million. 

Supplemental
Information Leases 

Operating cash flows from financing leases 

Financing cash flows from financing leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Financing leases 

Right-of-use lease liabilities, current 

Right-of-use lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Financing leases 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Lease liabilities, current 

Lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Total lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 
 - 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term 

Operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Finance leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

Collaborations 

Roche
Agreement 

In
December 2021, Lineage entered into the Roche Agreement, wherein Lineage granted to Roche exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize
RPE cell therapies, including Lineage s proprietary cell therapy known as OpRegen, for the treatment of ocular disorders, including
GA secondary to AMD. 

Under
the terms of the Roche Agreement, Roche paid Lineage a million upfront payment and Lineage is eligible to receive up to an additional
 million in certain developmental, regulatory and commercialization milestone payments. Lineage also is eligible for tiered double-digit
percentage royalties on net sales of OpRegen in the U.S and other major markets. All regulatory and commercial milestone payments and
royalty payments are subject to the existence of certain intellectual property rights that cover OpRegen at the time such payments would
otherwise become due, and the royalty payments on net sales of OpRegen are subject to financial offsets based on the existence of competing
products. Roche assumed responsibility for further clinical development and commercialization of OpRegen. Lineage is responsible for
completing activities related to the ongoing clinical study, for which enrollment is complete, and performing certain manufacturing and
process development activities. 

Unless
earlier terminated by either party, the Roche Agreement will expire on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis upon the expiration
of all of Roche s payment obligations under the agreement. Roche may terminate the agreement in its entirety, or on a product-by-product
or country-by-country basis, at any time with advance written notice. Either party may terminate the agreement in its entirety with written
notice for the other party s material breach if such party fails to cure the breach or upon certain insolvency events involving
the other party. 

In
January 2022, Lineage received the million upfront payment from Roche. Subsequently, Lineage, via Cell Cure, paid million
to the IIA, and million to Hadasit. Such payments were made in accordance with obligations under the Innovation Law (as discussed
below) and under the terms of Cell Cure s agreements with Hadasit (as discussed below). The payment to Hadasit was reduced by 
million in accordance with the provisions of such agreements discussed below that reduce the sublicensing fee payable to Hadasit for
costs related to Lineage s performance obligations under the Roche Agreement. To the extent such costs are not incurred within
five years after the execution of the Roche Agreement, Cell Cure will be required to pay Hadasit of the amount of costs not incurred. 

ITI
Collaboration Agreement 

Under
Lineage s collaborative agreement with Immunomic Therapeutics, Inc., Lineage agreed to perform up to approximately million
worth of certain research, development, manufacturing, and oversight activities related to an allogeneic VAC-CMV product candidate. ITI
will reimburse Lineage for these costs and full-time employee costs for the manufacturing of the VAC-CMV product candidate. ITI has received
a research and development grade of the VAC-CMV product and is evaluating its next steps. 

Agreements
with Hadasit and IIA 

The
OpRegen program was supported in part with licenses to technology obtained from Hadasit, the technology transfer company of Hadassah
Medical Center, and through a series of research grants from the IIA, an independent agency created to address the needs of global innovation
ecosystems. A subset of the intellectual property underlying OpRegen was originally generated at Hadassah Medical Center and licensed
to Cell Cure for further development. 

Under
the Encouragement of Research, Development and Technological Innovation in the Industry Law 5744, and the regulations, guidelines, rules,
procedures and benefit tracks thereunder, annual research and development programs that meet specified criteria and were approved by
a committee of the IIA were eligible for grants. The grants awarded were typically up to of the project s expenditures, as
determined by the IIA committee and subject to the benefit track under which the grant was awarded. 

The
terms of the grants under the Innovation Law generally require that the products developed as part of the programs under which the grants
were given be manufactured in Israel. The know-how developed thereunder may not be transferred outside of Israel unless prior written
approval is received from the IIA. Transfer of IIA-funded know-how outside of Israel is subject to approval and payment of a redemption
fee to the IIA calculated according to formulas provided under the Innovation Law. In November 2021, the IIA research committee approved
an application made by Cell Cure with respect to the grant of an exclusive license and transfer of the technological know-how for OpRegen
to Roche. Under the provisions for the redemption fee, Lineage is obligated to pay the IIA approximately of the upfront, milestone,
and royalty payments which may be received under the Roche Agreement, up to an aggregate cap on all payments, such cap growing over time
via interest accrual until paid in full. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate cap amount was approximately million. 

Pursuant
to the Second Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated June 15, 2017, between Cell Cure and Hadasit, and a certain letter agreement
entered into on December 17, 2021, Hadasit was entitled to, and was paid, a sublicensing fee of of the million upfront payment
under the Roche Agreement (subject to certain reductions, including for costs related to Lineage s performance obligations under
the Roche Agreement) and of any milestone payments, and up to of all royalty payments (subject to a maximum payment of 5 of net
sales of products), Lineage receives under the Roche Agreement. The letter agreement generally terminates upon the termination of the
Roche Agreement. 

Second
Amendment to Clinical Trial and Option Agreement and License Agreement with Cancer Research UK 

In
May 2020, Lineage and Asterias entered into a Second Amendment to Clinical Trial and Option Agreement (the CTOA Amendment with CRUK and CRT, which amends the Clinical Trial and Option Agreement entered into between Asterias, CRUK and CRT dated September 8,
2014, as amended September 8, 2014. Pursuant to the CTOA Amendment, Lineage assumed all obligations of Asterias and exercised early its
option to acquire data generated in the Phase 1 clinical trial of VAC2 in non-small cell lung cancer being conducted by CRUK. 

Lineage
and CRT effectuated the option by simultaneously entering into a license agreement (the CRT License Agreement pursuant
to which Lineage agreed to pay the previously agreed signature fee of (approximately million). For the primary
licensed product for the first indication, the CRT License Agreement provides for milestone fees of up to based upon
initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial and the filing for regulatory approval and up to in sales-based milestones payments.
Additional milestone fees and sales-based milestone payments would be payable for other products or indications, and mid-single-digit
royalty payments are payable on sales of commercial products. 

Either
party may terminate the CRT License Agreement for the uncured material breach of the other party. CRT may terminate the CRT License Agreement
in the case of Lineage s insolvency or if Lineage ceases all development and commercialization of all products under the CRT License
Agreement. 

Other
Contingent Obligations 

Other
than disclosed above, we have obligations under various license agreements and grants received from government entities to make future
payments to third parties, which become due and payable on the achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones
or on the sublicense of our rights to another party. These commitments include sublicense fees, milestone payments, redemption fees and
royalties. Sublicense fees are payable to licensors or government entities when we sublicense underlying intellectual property to third
parties; the fees are based on a percentage of the license fees we receive from sublicensees. Milestone payments are due to licensors
or government entities upon the future achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones. Redemption fees due to the IIA under
the Innovation Law are due upon receipt of any milestone and royalties received under the Roche Agreement. Royalties are payable to licensors
or government entities based on a percentage of net sales of licensed products. As of December 31, 2022, we have not included these commitments
on our consolidated balance sheet because the achievement and timing of these events are not fixed and determinable. 

Litigation
 General 

From
time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. While management presently believes
that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not materially harm our financial position, cash
flows, or overall trends in results of operations, legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings or
outcomes could occur that have individually or in aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating
results. We are not currently subject to any pending material litigation, other than ordinary routine litigation
incidental to our business, as described above. 

Asterias
Merger 

In
November 2018, Lineage, Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. Asterias ), and Patrick Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary
of Lineage, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger pursuant to which Lineage agreed to acquire all of the outstanding common stock
of Asterias in a stock-for-stock transaction (the Asterias Merger ). The Asterias Merger closed in March 2019. 

In
October 2019, a putative class action lawsuit was filed challenging the Asterias Merger. The lawsuit (captioned Ross v. Lineage Cell
Therapeutics, Inc., et al ., C.A. No. 2019-0822) was filed in Delaware Chancery Court and named, among other defendants, Lineage,
Michael H. Mulroy, Alfred D. Kingsley, Richard T. LeBuhn and Aditya Mohanty. Messrs. Mulroy and Kingsley are members of the Lineage board
of directors and were former members of the Asterias board of directors. Messrs. LeBuhn and Mohanty were also former members of the Asterias
board of directors, and Mr. Mohanty was a former member of the Lineage board of directors and a former chief executive officer of Lineage.
The lawsuit was brought by a purported stockholder of Asterias, on behalf of a putative class of Asterias stockholders, and asserts breach
of fiduciary duty and aiding and abetting claims under Delaware law. 

In
April 2022, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the lawsuit and, in October 2022, the plaintiff, on behalf of himself
and all others similarly situated, Lineage and Messrs. Mulroy, Kingsley, LeBuhn and Mohanty entered into a Stipulation and Agreement
of Compromise and Settlement (the Settlement Agreement ). The effectiveness of the Settlement Agreement was subject to court
approval, which, as discussed in Note 19 (Subsequent Events), was obtained in February 2023. 

In
accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies , Lineage has recorded an accrual for a liability associated with the proposed settlement,
acknowledging that a liability is probable, and the amount of the loss is estimable. 

See
Note 19 (Subsequent Events) for an update on Asterias Merger Litigation . 

Employment
Contracts 

Lineage
has entered into employment agreements with certain executive officers. Under the provisions of the agreements, Lineage may be required
to incur severance obligations for matters relating to changes in control, as defined in the agreements, and involuntary terminations. 

Indemnification 

In
the normal course of business, Lineage may agree to indemnify and reimburse other parties, typically Lineage s clinical research
organizations, investigators, clinical sites, and suppliers, for losses and expenses suffered or incurred by the indemnified parties
arising from claims of third parties in connection with the use or testing of Lineage s products and services. Indemnification
could also cover third party infringement claims with respect to patent rights, copyrights, or other intellectual property pertaining
to Lineage products and services. The term of these indemnification agreements generally continue in effect after the termination or
expiration of the particular research, development, services, or license agreement to which they relate. The potential future payments
Lineage could be required to make under these indemnification agreements will generally not be subject to any specified maximum amount.
Generally, Lineage has not been subject to any material claims or demands for indemnification. Lineage maintains liability insurance
policies that limit its financial exposure under the indemnification agreements. Accordingly, Lineage has not recorded any liabilities
for these agreements as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

Royalty
Obligations and License Fees 

We
have licensing agreements with research institutions, universities and other parties providing us with certain rights to use intellectual
property in conducting research and development activities in exchange for the payment of royalties on future product sales, if any.
In addition, in order to maintain these licenses and other rights, we must comply with various conditions including the payment of patent
related costs and annual minimum maintenance fees. 

As
part of the Asterias Merger, Lineage acquired certain royalty revenues for cash flows generated under certain patent families that Asterias
acquired from Geron Corporation. Lineage continues to make royalty payments to Geron from royalties generated from these patents. 

of the employee s compensation,
not to exceed eligible limits, and subject to employee participation. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred
approximately million in expenses related to the safe harbor contribution. 

segment that includes the research and development of therapeutic products for retinal diseases,
neurological diseases and disorders and oncology. As a result, the financial information disclosed materially represents all the financial
information related to Lineage s sole operating segment. 

Foreign (1) 
 - 

Total revenues 

(1) 

The
composition of Lineage s long-lived assets, consisting of plant and equipment, net, between those in the United States and in foreign
countries, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, is set forth below (in thousands): 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Domestic 

Foreign (1) 

Total 

(1) 

Major
Sources of Revenues 

Royalties 

Grant revenues 
 - 

Total revenues 

Royalties 

Grant revenues 
 - 

Operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Net loss attributable to Lineage 

Basic net income (loss) per share 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues, net 

Operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Lineage 

Basic net income (loss) per share 

Quarterly
and year-to-date computations of net income (loss) per share amounts are calculated using the respective period weighted average shares
outstanding. Therefore, the sum of the per share amounts for the quarters may not agree with the per share amounts for the year. 

million (the Settlement Amount into a fund created for the benefit of the purported class
and in consideration for the full and final release, settlement and discharge of all claims. Approximately million of the Settlement
Amount was funded by certain insurers and approximately million was paid by Lineage in cash. 

Lineage
and all defendants have denied, and continue to deny, the claims alleged in the lawsuit and the settlement does not reflect or constitute
any admission, concession, presumption, proof, evidence or finding of any liability, fault, wrongdoing or injury or damages, or of any
wrongful conduct, acts or omissions on the part any defendant. 

Premvia
Litigation Settlement 

In
July 2019, the Company, along with other named defendants, was sued in the Superior Court of the State of California in a matter captioned
 Gonzalez v. Aronowitz, M.D., et al . The plaintiff asserted medical negligence and product liability causes of action relating
to the use in a clinical trial of a product candidate Premvia, that the Company is no longer developing and has no plans to pursue,
and that is not related to the cell therapy candidates the Company currently is developing. In February 2023, the Company and the other
defendants each entered into settlement agreements with the plaintiff pursuant to which the defendants without admitting any liability,
which the defendants expressly denied, each agreed to pay specified amounts to the plaintiff in exchange for a full settlement and release
and discharge of claims. The Company s insurance covered the full amount paid by the Company excluding the insurance deductible. 

127 | P a g e 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

It
is management s responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal control over all financial reporting pursuant to Rule
13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, have reviewed
and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Following this review and evaluation ,
 management collectively determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act: (i) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including
principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal
executive officer, and our principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. The scope of management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting includes our consolidated subsidiaries. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established
in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of that date, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

128 | P a g e 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required by this Item will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the
December 31, 2022, in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2023 Proxy
Statement ), and is incorporated herein by reference. 

We
have a written Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer and accounting officer,
our other executive officers, and our directors. The purpose of the Code of Ethics is to promote (i) honest and ethical conduct, including
the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; (ii) full, fair, accurate,
timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with or submit to the Securities and Exchange Commission
and in our other public communications; (iii) compliance with applicable governmental rules and regulations; (iv) prompt internal reporting
of violations of the Code of Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code; and (v) accountability for adherence
to the Code. A copy of our Code of Ethics has been posted on our internet website and can be found at www.lineagecell.com . If
we amend or waive a provision of our Code of Ethics that applies to our chief executive officer or chief financial officer, we will post
the amended Code of Ethics or information about the waiver on our internet website. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

129 | P a g e 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements. 

The
following financial statements of Lineage are filed in this report: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes included in this report. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits. 

Exhibits
not filed or furnished herewith are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC, as reflected in the table below.
We will furnish a copy of any exhibit to stockholders, without charge upon written request to Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc., 2173 Salk
Avenue, Suite 200 Carlsbad, CA 92008, or by calling (442) 287-8990. 

Incorporation
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 PLANS
 OF ACQUISITION 
 
 2.01 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 7, 2018, among Registrant, Patrick Merger Sub, Inc. and Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. Asterias 
 
 2.1 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 8, 2018 
 
 001-12830 
 
 ARTICLES
 OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS 
 
 3.01 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended 
 
 3.1 
 
 10-Q 
 
 May
 10, 2018 
 
 001-12830 
 
 3.02 
 
 Certificate of Ownership 
 
 3.1 
 
 8-K 
 
 August
 12, 2019 
 
 001-12830 
 
 3.03 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 3.2 
 
 8-K 
 
 August
 12, 2019 
 
 001-12830 
 
 INSTRUMENTS
 DEFINING RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
 
 4.01 
 
 Specimen
 of Common Share Certificate 

S-1 
 
 December
 18, 1991 
 
 033-44549 
 
 4.02 
 
 Description of Capital Stock of the Registrant 
 
 4.2 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 11, 2021 
 
 001-12830 
 
 MANAGEMENT
 CONTRACTS AND COMPENSATORY PLANS 
 
 10.01+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant and its Directors and Officers 
 
 10.1 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August
 11, 2022 
 
 001-12830 

130 | P a g e 

10.02+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated September 26, 2022 between Registrant and Brian Michael Culley 
 
 10.2 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 10, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.03+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated June 8, 2021 between Registrant and Kevin Leon Cook 
 
 10.3 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August
 12, 2021 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.04+ 
 
 Separation Agreement dated July 5, 2022 between Registrant and Kevin Leon Cook 
 
 10.1 
 
 8-K 
 
 July
 7, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.05+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated September 26, 2022 between Registrant and George A. Samuel III 
 
 10.3 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 10, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.06+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated September 26, 2022 between Registrant and Gary S. Hogge 
 
 10.4 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 10, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.07 + 
 
 Employment Agreement dated November 14, 2022 between Registrant and Jill A. Howe 

10.08+ 
 
 Inducement Stock Option Agreement between Registrant and Brian Culley 
 
 10.18 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 14, 2019 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.09+ 
 
 Lineage Cell Therapeutics 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended July 2015 2012 Plan 
 
 4.1 
 
 S-8 
 
 July
 15, 2015 
 
 333-205661 
 
 10.09(a)+ 
 
 Amendment to 2012 Plan effective June 2017 
 
 4.2 
 
 S-8 
 
 July
 7, 2017 
 
 333-219204 
 
 10.09(b)+ 
 
 Amendment to 2012 Plan effective July 2019 
 
 99.3 
 
 S-8 
 
 August
 8, 2019 
 
 333-233132 
 
 10.09(c)+ 
 
 Amendment to 2012 Plan effective August 2019 
 
 10.1 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 12, 2019 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.09(d)+ 
 
 2012 Plan Form of Employee Incentive Stock Option Agreement 
 
 10.7 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 12, 2013 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.09(e)+ 
 
 2012 Plan Form of Non-employee Director Stock Option Agreement 
 
 10.8 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 12, 2013 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.09(f)+ 
 
 2012 Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement 
 
 10.2 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 12, 2019 
 
 000-12830 
 
 10.09(g)+ 
 
 2012 Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit 
 
 10.6 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 12, 2020 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Lineage Cell Therapeutics 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of September 2021 2021 Plan 
 
 10.1 
 
 8-K 
 
 September
 15, 2021 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.10(a)+ 
 
 2021 Plan Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement for Employees and Consultants 
 
 99.2 
 
 S-8 
 
 September
 28, 2021 
 
 333-259853 
 
 10.10(b)+ 
 
 2021 Plan Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement for Non-Employee Directors 
 
 99.3 
 
 S-8 
 
 September
 28, 2021 
 
 333-259853 
 
 10.10(c)+ 
 
 2021 Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Agreement 
 
 99.4 
 
 S-8 
 
 September
 28, 2021 
 
 333-259853 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 Executive Performance Incentive Bonus Plan, adopted September 2022 
 
 10.5 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 10, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 COMMERCIAL
 AGREEMENTS 
 
 10.12 
 
 Commercial License and Option Agreement between Registrant and Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation WARF Agreement 
 
 10.1 
 
 8-K 
 
 January
 9, 2008 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.12(a) 
 
 First Amendment to WARF Agreement dated March 11, 2009 
 
 10.38 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 23, 2009 
 
 001-12830 

131 | P a g e 

10.13 
 
 Second Amended and Restated License Agreement dated June 15, 2017, between Cell Cure Neurosciences, Ltd. and Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd. Hadasit License 
 
 10.2 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August
 9, 2017 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.13(a) 
 
 Amendment to Hadasit License dated January 8, 2018 
 
 10.38 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 15, 2018 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.13(b) 
 
 Second Amendment to Hadasit License dated December 1, 2019 
 
 10.4(b) 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 10, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.13(c) 
 
 Side Letter Agreement dated December 17, 2021 between Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd., Cell Cure Neurosciences Ltd., Genentech, Inc. and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 
 
 10.4(c) 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 10, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.13(d) 
 
 Second Side Letter Agreement dated December 17, 2021 between Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd. and Cell Cure Neurosciences Ltd. 
 
 10.4(d) 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 10, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.14 
 
 Debt and Note Purchase Agreement dated June 16, 2017, as amended June 29, 2017, between Registrant and HBL-Hadasit Bio-Holdings Ltd. 
 
 10.3 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August
 9, 2017 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.15 
 
 Share Purchase and Transfer Agreement dated June 16, 2017, by and among Registrant and HBL-Hadasit Bio-Holdings Ltd. and Cell Cure Neurosciences Ltd. 
 
 10.4 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August
 9, 2017 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.16 
 
 Royalty Agreement dated October 1, 2013 between Asterias and Geron Corporation 
 
 10.6 
 
 Asterias
 S-1/A 
 
 August
 13, 2013 
 
 333-187706 
 
 10.17 
 
 Exclusive Sublicense Agreement between Geron Corporation and Asterias 
 
 10.7 
 
 Asterias
 S-1/A 
 
 August
 13, 2013 
 
 333-187706 
 
 10.18 
 
 Non-exclusive License Agreement dated October 7, 2013 between WARF and Asterias 
 
 10.5 
 
 Asterias
 10-Q 
 
 November
 12, 2013 
 
 000-55046 
 
 10.19 
 
 Clinical Trial and Option Agreement dated September 8, 2014 between Asterias and Cancer Research UK and Cancer Research Technology Limited CRT 
 
 10.1 
 
 Asterias
 10-Q/A 
 
 January
 13, 2015 
 
 001-36646 
 
 10.19(a) 
 
 Second Amendment to Clinical Trial and Option Agreement dated May 6, 2020 between Cancer Research UK, CRT, Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. and Registrant 
 
 10.1 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August
 6, 2020 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.19(b) 
 
 License Agreement dated May 6, 2020 between CRT and Registrant 
 
 10.2 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August
 6, 2020 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.19(c) 
 
 First Amendment to License Agreement dated April 16, 2021, between CRT and Registrant 
 
 10.1 
 
 10-Q 
 
 August
 12, 2021 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.20 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement dated December 17, 2021, between F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Genentech, Inc., Cell Cure Neurosciences Ltd., and Registrant 
 
 10.13 
 
 10-K 
 
 March
 10, 2022 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.21 
 
 Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise and Settlement dated October 26, 2022 

132 | P a g e 

OTHER
 EXHIBITS 
 
 21.01 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.01 
 
 Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.01# 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Interactive
 Data File 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

The schedules and exhibits to the merger agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted
schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Filed herewith. 

 #
Furnished herewith. 

 +
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant
to a request for confidential treatment. 

Certain information in this exhibit has been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

133 | P a g e 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report on Form
10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 March 9, 2023 
 LINEAGE
 CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Brian M. Culley 

Brian
 M. Culley 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Brian M. Culley 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 BRIAN
 M. CULLEY 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jill Ann Howe 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 JILL ANN HOWE 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Deborah Andrews 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 DEBORAH
 ANDREWS 

/s/
 Dipti Amin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 DIPTI
 AMIN 

/s/
 Don M. Bailey 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 DON
 M. BAILEY 

/s/
 Neal C. Bradsher 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 NEAL
 C. BRADSHER 

/s/
 Alfred D. Kingsley 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 ALFRED
 D. KINGSLEY 

/s/
 Anula Jayasuriya 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 ANULA
 JAYASURIYA 

/s/
 Michael H. Mulroy 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 MICHAEL
 H. MULROY 

/s/
 Angus C. Russell 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 9, 2023 
 
 ANGUS
 C. RUSSELL 

134 | P a g e 

<EX-10.07>
 2
 ex10-07.htm

Exhibit
10.07 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of October 28, 2022, by and between Lineage Cell Therapeutics,
Inc., a California corporation (together with any successor in interest thereto that has assumed its rights and obligations hereunder,
whether by operation of law or otherwise, Company ), and Jill Ann Howe Executive ). 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Engagement;
 Position and Duties. 

(a) Position
and Duties . Company agrees to continue to employ Executive in the position of Chief Financial Officer of Company, and Executive agrees
to perform the duties as outlined on Exhibit A and as the Chief Executive Officer CEO or the Board
of Directors of Company (the Board of Directors may from time to time direct or require. Executive shall
report to the CEO. Executive shall devote Executive s best efforts, skills and abilities, on a full-time basis, exclusively to
Company s business. Executive covenants and agrees to faithfully adhere to and fulfill such policies as are established from time
to time by the Board of Directors or Company (collectively, the Policies ). 

(b) No
Conflicting Obligations. Executive represents and warrants to Company that Executive has never been under any, and is currently under
no obligations or commitments, whether contractual or otherwise, that are inconsistent with Executive s obligations under this
Agreement or that would prohibit Executive, contractually or otherwise, from performing Executive s duties under this Agreement
and/or the Policies. 

(c) No
Unauthorized Use of Third Party Intellectual Property. Executive represents and warrants to Company that Executive has not used or
disclosed, and will not use or disclose, in connection with Executive s employment by Company, any patents, trade secrets, confidential
information, or other proprietary information or intellectual property as to which any other person has any right, title or interest,
except to the extent that Company holds a valid license or other written permission for such use from the owner(s) thereof. Executive
represents and warrants to Company that Executive has returned all property and confidential information belonging to any prior employer
to such prior employer. 

(d) Start
Date. Executive shall commence employment with Company on November 14, 2022, or such other date as mutually agreed upon by Executive
and Company (the date on which Executive actually commences employment with Company, the Start Date ). 

2. Compensation 

(a) Salary.
 During the term of this Agreement, Company shall pay to Executive an annual salary Salary of 415,000.
Executive s Salary shall be paid in equal semi-monthly installments, consistent with Company s regular salary payment practices.
Executive s Salary may be increased from time-to-time by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
(the Compensation Committee ), in their sole and absolute discretion, without affecting this Agreement. 

1 

(b) Sign-on
Bonus . Company shall pay Executive a one-time sign-on bonus of 50,000 (minus applicable taxes, deductions and withholdings), payable
in 5 installments consistent with Company s payroll procedures, commencing on the date of the first regular payroll following the
Start Date, provided that Executive remains employed as of such installment date. 

(c) Bonus.
 Executive may be eligible for an annual bonus targeted at 40 of Executive s Salary (at the rate in effect on the date any
such annual bonus is established), as may be approved by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, in their discretion, based
on Executive s achievement of predetermined Company and/or individual objectives set by the Board of Directors or the Compensation
Committee, from time to time. Executive also agrees that neither the Board of Directors nor Company is obligated to adopt any bonus plan,
to maintain in effect any bonus plan that may now be in effect or that may be adopted during the term of Executive s employment,
or to pay Executive a bonus unless a bonus is earned under the terms and conditions of any bonus plan adopted by Company. Executive s
annual bonus target percentage may be increased from time-to-time by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, in their sole
and absolute discretion, without affecting this Agreement. The annual bonus for 2022 will be pro-rated by multiplying (i) the amount
of the bonus earned by Executive for 2022, if any, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days between the Start
Date and December 31, 2022, and the denominator of which is 365. 

(d) Expense
Reimbursements. Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable travel and other business expenses (but not expenses of commuting
to Executive s primary workplace) incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement, subject
to, and in accordance with, the Policies and Company procedures in effect from time to time, and provided that Executive submits supporting
vouchers. 

(e) Benefit
Plans. Executive may be eligible (to the extent Executive qualifies) to participate in certain retirement, pension, life, health,
accident and disability insurance, equity incentive plan or other similar employee benefit plans (collectively, Benefit
Plans ), which may be adopted by Company from time to time for its executive officers or other employees, in each case,
subject to the terms thereof, including any eligibility requirements thereof. Company has the right, at any time and without any amendment
of this Agreement, and without prior notice to or consent from Executive, to adopt, amend, change, or terminate any and all Benefit Plans
that may now be in effect or that may be adopted in the future, in each case without any further obligation (financial or otherwise)
to Executive; provided that any such amendment, change or termination effected without the consent of Executive does not apply to Executive
in a manner that is different than it applies to other Company executives or employees of a comparable executive level, except for amendments,
changes or terminations required by applicable federal, state or local law or regulation, or implemented in response to any change of
federal, state or local law or regulation. Any benefits to which Executive may be entitled under any Benefit Plan shall be governed by
the terms and conditions of the applicable Benefit Plan, and any related plan documents, as in effect from time to time. If Executive
receives any grant of stock options or stock or stock related equity awards Awards under any stock option
plan, stock purchase plan, or other equity incentive plan of Company (an Equity Plan ), the terms and conditions
of the Award, and Executive s rights with respect to the Award, shall be governed by (i) the terms of the Equity Plan, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and (ii) the terms and conditions of any stock option agreement, stock purchase agreement, or other
agreement that Executive may sign or be required to sign with respect to any Award (an Award Agreement );
provided that in the event of any conflict between the Equity Plan or Award Agreement and Section 5(a)(iii)(E) hereof with respect to
acceleration of the vesting of any Awards in connection with a Change in Control, the provisions of Section 5(a)(iii)(E) hereof shall
control. 

2 

(f) Vacation.
 Executive shall be entitled to 20 paid time off PTO days per calendar year (capped at 30 days such
that no further PTO accruals shall apply unless and until the PTO balance is less than 30 days) without reduction in compensation. Executive s
PTO shall be taken at such time as is consistent with Company needs and the Policies. All PTO days shall accrue annually on a semi-monthly
pay period basis based upon days of service. The Policies governing the disposition of unused PTO days remaining at the end of the calendar
year shall govern whether unused vacation days will be paid, lost, or carried over into subsequent calendar years. 

(g) Stock
Option Grant . Executive shall be granted a stock option to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of Company common stock (the Option ).
The Option: (1) will have an exercise price equal to the closing price of Company common stock on the grant date, (2) will vest as to
 of the shares subject to the Option on the first anniversary of the Start Date and the remainder of the shares will vest in
a series of 36 successive substantially equal monthly installments thereafter, and (3) will be subject to the terms set forth in Company s
equity incentive plan pursuant to which the Option grant is made and to the terms of the stock option agreement Executive will be required
to sign with respect to the Option. 

(h) Withholdings .
All compensation payable by Company to Executive, including amounts payable under Section 5, if any, and under any other compensatory
arrangement, is subject to applicable taxes, deductions and withholdings. 

3. Competitive
 Activities. During Executive s employment, and for 24 months thereafter, Executive shall not, for Executive or any third
party, directly or indirectly employ, solicit for employment or recommend for employment any person employed by Company. During Executive s
employment, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly as an employee, contractor, officer, director, member, partner, agent, or equity
owner, engage in any activity or business that competes or could reasonably be expected to compete with the business of Company. Executive
acknowledges that there is a substantial likelihood that the activities described in this Section 3 would (a) involve the unauthorized
use or disclosure of Company s confidential information and that use or disclosure would be extremely difficult to detect, and
(b) result in substantial competitive harm to the business of Company. Executive has accepted the limitations of this Section 3 as a
reasonably practicable and unrestrictive means of preventing such use or disclosure of Company confidential information and preventing
such competitive harm. 

4. Inventions /Intellectual
Property/Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges the execution and delivery to Company of an Employee Confidential
 Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement (the Confidentiality and IP Agreement ), attached hereto
as Exhibit B . 

3 

5. Termination
of Employment. Executive understands and agrees that Executive s employment has no specific term. This Agreement, and
the employment relationship, are at will and may be terminated by Executive or by Company with or without cause at any
time by notice given orally or in writing. Except as otherwise agreed in writing signed on behalf of Company with the express authorization
of the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee or as otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon termination of Executive s
employment, Company shall have no further obligation to Executive, by way of compensation or otherwise and Executive shall be deemed
to have then resigned from all positions and roles (including from the board of directors or similar governing body) with Company and
any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 

(a) Payments
Due Upon Termination of Employment. Upon termination of Executive s employment with Company at any time and for any reason,
in the event of the termination of Executive s employment by Company for Cause, or termination of Executive s employment
as a result of death, Disability (as defined below), or resignation, Executive will be entitled to receive only the benefits set forth
below, and Executive will not be entitled to any other compensation, award, or damages with respect to Executive s employment or
termination of employment. 

(i) Termination
 for Cause, Death, Disability, or Resignation without Good Reason. In the event of the
 termination of Executive s employment by Company for Cause or as a result of the death
 or Disability of Executive or if Executive resigns without Good Reason, Executive will be
 entitled to receive payment for (a) all accrued but unpaid Salary actually earned prior to
 or as of the date of termination of Executive s employment, and (b) all accrued and
 unused PTO actually earned prior to or as of the date of termination of Executive s
 employment. Executive will not be entitled to any severance benefits or additional vesting
 of any stock options or other equity or cash awards. The payments under this Section 5(a)(i)
 are collectively referred to as the Accrued Benefits and shall
 be paid to Executive not later than when required by applicable law. 

(ii) Termination
 Without Cause, or Resignation for Good Reason. In the event of termination of Executive s
 employment by Company without Cause or if Executive resigns for Good Reason, Executive will
 be entitled to receive: (A) the Accrued Benefits; (B) an aggregate amount equal to 9 months 
 Salary (at the rate in effect on the date of termination); (C) payment of a prorated (based
 on the number of days Executive was employed by Company in the calendar year of termination)
 target bonus for the year in which Executive s employment was so terminated; and (D)
 payment by Company each month, for a period starting on the date of termination and ending
 on 9 months following the date of termination, of 100 of the premium of any health insurance
 benefits Executive was receiving at the time of termination of Executive s employment
 under a Company employee health insurance plan subject to COBRA, provided that Executive
 timely elects to have such COBRA coverage. The amounts set forth in clauses (B) and (C) of
 this Section 5(a)(ii) shall be paid in installments consistent with the payment of Executive s
 Salary while employed by Company and shall be paid starting in the first payroll period occurring
 after the effectiveness of the Release (as defined below) and the expiration of any revocation
 period available to Executive thereunder. 

4 

(iii) Change
 of Control. If Company terminates Executive s employment without Cause or if Executive
 resigns for Good Reason, in each case, within either (y) the three-month period before the
 effective date of a Change of Control or (z) the one-year period following the effective
 date of a Change of Control, Executive will be entitled to (A) the Accrued Benefits; (B)
 an aggregate amount equal to 12 months Salary (at the rate in effect on the date of
 termination); (C) payment of 100 of Executive s target bonus for the year in which
 Executive s employment was so terminated; (D) payment by Company each month, for a
 period starting on the date of termination and ending on 12 months following the date of
 termination, of 100 of the premium of any health insurance benefits Executive was receiving
 at the time of termination of Executive s employment under a Company employee health
 insurance plan subject to COBRA, provided that Executive timely elects to have such COBRA
 coverage; and (E) accelerated vesting of 100 of any then unexpired, unvested Awards granted
 to Executive by Company (with such acceleration occurring on the later of the Change of Control
 or the termination of employment); provided, however, that for any Awards that include both
 a performance-based vesting condition (which may include the achievement of a specified stock
 price or market capitalization) and a time-based vesting condition or any Awards that vest
 solely upon the achievement of a performance-based vesting condition, no acceleration shall
 be provided unless such performance-based vesting condition has been satisfied as of the
 date of termination, except as specifically provided for in the Award Agreement entered into
 in respect of such Awards. The amounts set forth in clauses (B) and (C) of this Section 5(a)(iii)
 shall be paid in a lump sum in the first payroll period occurring after the effectiveness
 of the Release and the expiration of any revocation period available to Executive thereunder. 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 5(a)(ii) or Section 5(a)(iii), if Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of
the COBRA Benefits would result in a violation of the nondiscrimination rules of Code Section 105(h)(2) or any statute or regulation
of similar effect (including but not limited to the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care
and Education Reconciliation Act), then Company shall not be obligated to make the COBRA Benefits payments. 

5 

(b) Release.
 Company s obligation to make the payments and to provide the benefits under Sections 5(a)(ii) and 5(a)(iii) and to provide
any other benefits contemplated herein is contingent upon: 

(i) Executive s
 execution of a release in a form reasonably acceptable to Company (the Release ),
 which Release must be signed and any applicable revocation period with respect thereto must
 have expired by the 55 th day following Executive s termination of employment.
 The Release will not waive any of Executive s rights, or obligations of Company, regarding:
 (1) any right to indemnification and/or contribution, advancement or payment of related expenses
 Executive may have pursuant to Company s Bylaws or Articles of Incorporation or under
 any written indemnification or other agreement between Company and Executive, and/or under
 applicable law; (2) any rights Executive may have to insurance coverage under any directors
 and officers liability insurance, other insurance policies of Company, COBRA or any similar
 state law; (3) any claims for worker s compensation, state disability or unemployment
 insurance benefits, or any other claims that cannot be released as a matter of applicable
 law; (4) rights to any vested benefits under any stock, compensation or other employee benefit
 plan of Company; (5) any rights Executive may have as an existing shareholder of Company;
 and (6) any claims arising after the effective date of the Release. Nothing in the Release
 or any other agreement between Executive and Company will prohibit or prevent Executive from
 providing truthful testimony or otherwise responding accurately and fully to any question,
 inquiry or request for information or documents when required by legal process, subpoena,
 notice, court order or law (including, without limitation, in any criminal, civil, or regulatory
 proceeding or investigation), or as necessary in any action for enforcement or claimed breach
 of this Agreement or any other legal dispute with Company; and 

(ii) Executive s
 timely tendering a written resignation as a director, if serving as a director of Company,
 as provided in Section 7. 

(c) Section
280G of the Code. 

(i) Notwithstanding
 anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment, distribution, or other benefit
 provided by Company to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed
 or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (collectively, the
 Payments ), (x) constitute a parachute payment within
 the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ),
 and (y) but for this Section 5(c) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999
 of the Code or any similar or successor provision thereto (the Excise Tax ),
 then the Payments shall be either: (A) delivered in full pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
 or (B) delivered to such lesser extent as would result in no portion of the payment being
 subject to the Excise Tax, as determined in accordance with Section 5(c)(ii). 

(ii) The
 determination of whether clause (A) or clause (B) of Section 5(c)(i) shall be given effect
 shall be made by Company on the basis of which of such clauses results in the receipt by
 Executive of the greater Net After-Tax Receipt (as defined herein) of the aggregate Payments.
 The term Net After-Tax Receipt shall mean the present value (as
 determined in accordance with Section 280G of the Code) of the payments net of all applicable
 federal, state and local income, employment, and other applicable taxes and the Excise Tax. 

(iii) If
 clause (B) of Section 5(c)(i) is given effect, the reduction shall be accomplished in accordance
 with Section 409A of the Code and the following: first by reducing, on a pro rata basis,
 cash Payments that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code; second by reducing, on a pro
 rata basis, other cash Payments; and third by forfeiting any equity-based awards that vest
 and become payable, starting with the most recent equity-based awards that vest, to the extent
 necessary to accomplish such reduction. 

6 

(iv) Unless
 Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section
 5(c) shall be made by Company s independent accountants or compensation consultants
 (the Third Party ), and all such determinations shall be conclusive,
 final and binding on the parties hereto. Company and Executive shall furnish to the Third
 Party such information and documents as the Third Party may reasonably request in order to
 make a determination under this Section 5(c). Company shall bear all fees and costs of the
 Third Party with respect to all determinations under or contemplated by this Section 5(c). 

(d) Definitions.
 For purposes of this Section 5, the following definitions shall apply: 

(i) Affiliated
 Group means (a) a Person and one or more other Persons in control of, controlled
 by, or under common control with such Person; and (b) two or more Persons who, by written
 agreement among them, act in concert to acquire Voting Securities entitling them to elect
 a majority of the directors of Company. 

(ii) Cause 
 means a termination of Executive s employment based upon a finding by a majority of
 the Board of Directors, acting in good faith and based on its reasonable belief at the time,
 that Executive: (a) has refused to perform the explicitly stated or reasonably assigned lawful
 and material duties required by Executive s position (other than by reason of a disability
 or analogous condition); (b) has committed or engaged in a material act of theft, embezzlement,
 dishonesty or fraud, a breach of confidentiality, an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside
 information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information; (c) has breached
 a material fiduciary duty, or willfully and materially violated any other duty, law, rule,
 or regulation relating to the performance of Executive s duties to Company or any material
 policy of Company; (d) has been convicted of, or pled guilty or nolo contendere to, misdemeanor
 involving moral turpitude or a felony; (e) has willfully and materially breached any of the
 provisions of any agreement with Company which causes material injury to Company; (f) has
 willfully engaged in unfair competition with, or otherwise willfully acted in a manner materially
 injurious to the reputation, business or assets of, Company; or (g) has improperly induced
 a vendor or customer to break or terminate any material contract with Company or induced
 a principal for whom Company acts as agent to terminate such agency relationship. Cause 
 shall only exist if Company first provides Executive with written notice of any claimed ground
 for Cause and an opportunity to cure such ground, if curable, for 30 days. For purposes of
 this Agreement, no act or failure to act on Executive s part will be considered willful 
 unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by Executive intentionally, not in good faith and
 without reasonable belief that the action or omission was in the best interest of Company. 

7 

(iii) Change
 of Control means (a) the acquisition of Voting Securities of Company by a
 Person or an Affiliated Group entitling the holder thereof to elect a majority of the directors
 of Company; provided, that an increase in the amount of Voting Securities held by a Person
 or Affiliated Group who on the date of this Agreement beneficially owned (as defined in Section
 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the regulations thereunder)
 more than 10 of the Voting Securities shall not constitute a Change of Control; and provided,
 further, that an acquisition of Voting Securities by one or more Persons acting as an underwriter
 in connection with a sale or distribution of such Voting Securities shall not constitute
 a Change of Control under this clause (a); (b) the sale of all or substantially all of the
 assets of Company; or (c) a merger or consolidation of Company with or into another corporation
 or entity in which the shareholders of Company immediately before such merger or consolidation
 do not own, in the aggregate, Voting Securities of the surviving corporation or entity (or
 the ultimate parent of the surviving corporation or entity) entitling them, in the aggregate
 (and without regard to whether they constitute an Affiliated Group) to elect a majority of
 the directors or persons holding similar powers of the surviving corporation or entity (or
 the ultimate parent of the surviving corporation or entity). 

(iv) Disability 
 means Executive s inability (as determined by the Board of Directors) to perform the
 essential functions of Executive s job responsibilities for a period of 180 days in
 the aggregate in any 12 month period. 

(v) Good
 Reason means the occurrence of any of the following events or circumstances
 without Executive s written consent: (a) a material diminution in Executive s
 base compensation; (b) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties or responsibility;
 (c) a material change in the principal geographic location at which Executive performs services
 to Company; (d) any requirement that Executive engage in any illegal conduct; or (e) a material
 breach by Company of this Agreement or any other material written agreement between Executive
 and Company. Good Reason shall only exist if Executive first provides Company
 with written notice of any claimed ground for Good Reason within 30 days of the first occurrence
 of such ground and Company has an opportunity to remedy such ground for 30 days after receipt
 of such notice. Executive must resign employment within 30 days after the Company s
 remedy period has elapsed without remedy or else Executive will have waived Good Reason with
 respect to such ground. 

(vi) Person 
 means any natural person or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust,
 unincorporated business association, or other entity. 

(vii) Voting
 Securities means shares of capital stock or other equity securities entitling
 the holder thereof to regularly vote for the election of directors (or for person performing
 a similar function if the issuer is not a corporation), but does not include the power to
 vote upon the happening of some condition or event which has not yet occurred. 

8 

6. Turnover
of Property and Documents on Termination. Executive agrees that on or before termination of Executive s employment, Executive
will return to Company all equipment and other property belonging to Company, and all originals and copies of confidential information
(in any and all media and formats, and including any document or other item containing confidential information) in Executive s
possession or control, and all of the following (in any and all media and formats, and whether or not constituting or containing confidential
information) in Executive s possession or control: (a) lists and sources of customers; (b) proposals or drafts of proposals for
any research grant, research or development project or program, marketing plan, licensing arrangement, or other arrangement with any
third party; (c) reports, notations of Executive, laboratory notes, specifications, and drawings pertaining to the research, development,
products, patents, and technology of Company; (d) any and all intellectual property developed by Executive during the course of employment;
and (e) the manual and memoranda related to the Policies. To the extent there is a conflict between this Section 6 and the Confidentiality
and IP Agreement, the Confidentiality and IP Agreement shall control. 

7. Resignation
as a Director on Termination of Employment. If Executive s employment by Company is terminated for any reason or for no reason,
whether by way of resignation, Disability, or termination by Company with or without Cause, and if Executive is then a member of the
Board of Directors, Executive shall within two business days (as defined below) after such termination of employment resign from the
Board of Directors by delivering to Company a letter or other written communication addressed to the Board of Directors stating that
Executive is resigning from the Board of Directors effective immediately. A business day shall be any day other than a
Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday on which federal offices are closed. 

8. Arbitration.
 Except for injunctive proceedings against unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, any and all claims or controversies
between Company and Executive, including but not limited to (a) those involving the construction or application of any of the terms,
provisions, or conditions of this Agreement or the Policies; (b) all contract or tort claims of any kind; and (c) any claim
 based on any federal, state, or local law, statute, regulation, or ordinance, including claims for unlawful discrimination or
harassment, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the then current Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration
Association. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered by any court having jurisdiction over Company and Executive.
The location of the arbitration shall be San Diego, California. Unless Company or Executive mutually agree otherwise, the arbitrator
shall be a retired judge selected from a panel provided by the American Arbitration Association, or the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation
Service (JAMS). Company shall pay the arbitrator s fees and costs. Executive shall pay for Executive s own costs and attorneys 
fees, if any. If Company is a party to an arbitration proceeding it shall pay for its own costs and attorneys fees, if any. However,
if any party prevails on a statutory claim which affords the prevailing party attorneys fees, the arbitrator may award reasonable
attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing party. 

EXECUTIVE
UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF EXECUTIVE S RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY MATTERS
COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. 

9 

9. Severability.
 In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Policies shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or
in part, those provisions to the extent enforceable and all other provisions shall nevertheless continue to be valid and enforceable
as though the invalid or unenforceable parts had not been included in this Agreement or the Policies. In the event that any provision
relating to a time period of restriction shall be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to exceed the maximum time period such
court deems reasonable and enforceable, then the time period of restriction deemed reasonable and enforceable by the court shall become
and shall thereafter be the maximum time period. 

10. Agreement
Read and Understood. Executive acknowledges that Executive has carefully read the terms of this Agreement, that Executive has had
an opportunity to consult with an attorney or other representative of Executive s own choosing regarding this Agreement, that Executive
understands the terms of this Agreement and that Executive is entering this Agreement of Executive s own free will. 

11. Complete
Agreement, Modification. This Agreement is the complete agreement and understanding between Executive and Company pertaining to the
subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes and replaces the Former Agreement and all previous correspondence, promises,
representations, and agreements, if any, either written or oral with respect to Executive s employment by Company and any matter
covered by this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, amended, or waived except by a written document signed both
by Executive and Company, and with respect to Company, with the express authorization of the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee. 

12. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of California. 

13. Assignability.
 This Agreement, and the rights and obligations of Executive and Company under this Agreement, may not be assigned by Executive. Company
may assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor or surviving corporation, limited liability company,
or other entity resulting from a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, sale of stock, sale of membership interests, or other reorganization,
upon condition that the assignee shall assume, either expressly or by operation of law, all of Company s obligations under this
Agreement. 

14. Survival.
 This Section 14 and the covenants and agreements contained in Sections 3, 4 and 6 of this Agreement shall survive termination of
this Agreement and Executive s employment. 

15. Notices.
 Any notices or other communication required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by
email, facsimile, certified mail, return receipt requested, or sent by next business day air courier service, or personally delivered
to the party to whom it is to be given at the address of such party set forth on the signature page of this Agreement (or to such other
address as the party shall have furnished in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section 15), and shall be deemed delivered:
a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified; (b) on the date such notice is received from any reputable courier service that
provides tracking and written verification of delivery; or (c) on the date on which such notice is delivered by certified mail, facsimile
transmission or email, with confirmation that such facsimile transmission or email has been received and read. 

10 

16. Section
409A Compliance . 

(a) This
Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ), and, to the
extent practicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit payable hereunder
shall be paid or provided in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant with the requirements of Section 409A and applicable Internal
Revenue Service guidance and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder. Terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings given such
terms under Section 409A if, and to the extent required, in order to comply with Section 409A. 

(b) For
purposes of amounts payable under this Agreement, the termination of employment shall be deemed to be effective upon separation
from service with Company, as defined under Section 409A and the guidance issued thereunder. To the extent any nonqualified deferred
compensation payment to Executive (whether under this Agreement or otherwise) could be paid in one or more of Executive s taxable
years depending upon Executive completing certain employment-related actions (such as when Executive executes the Release), then any
such payments will commence or occur in the later taxable year to the extent required by Section 409A. 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required to avoid additional taxes and interest charged under Section 409A,
if any of Company s stock is publicly traded and Executive is deemed to be a specified employee as determined by
Company for purposes of Section 409A, Executive agrees that any non-qualified deferred compensation payments due to Executive under this
Agreement (or any other agreement) and which are payable as a result of Executive s termination of employment that would otherwise
have been payable at any time during the 6-month period immediately following such termination of employment shall not be paid prior
to, and shall instead be payable in a lump sum on the first day of the 7th month following Executive s separation from service
(or, if Executive dies during such period, within 30 days after Executive s death). 

(d) Neither
Company nor Executive shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of, offset or assign any payment under this Agreement
that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, except to the extent specifically
permitted or required by Section 409A of the Code. 

(e) If
Executive is entitled to be paid or reimbursed for any taxable expenses under this Agreement, and such payments or reimbursements are
includible in Executive s federal gross taxable income, the amount of such expenses reimbursable in any one calendar year shall
not affect the amount reimbursable in any other calendar year, and the reimbursement of an eligible expense must be made no later than
December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense was incurred. No right of Executive to reimbursement of expenses under this
Agreement shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

(f) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the tax treatment of the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. To the extent
that this Agreement or any payment or benefit hereunder shall be deemed not to comply with Section 409A, neither Company, nor the Board
of Directors, nor any member of the Compensation Committee, nor any of their successors shall be liable to Executive or to any other
person for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by Executive as a result of the application of Section 409A
or for reporting in good faith any amounts as subject thereto. 

17.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of
which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, DocuSign 
or by email exchange of a portable document format pdf data file, where such signature shall be valid and binding with
the same force and effect as if such facsimile or such pdf file were an original thereof. 

[ Signatures
to the Employment Agreement Are Found on the Following Page ] 

11 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written. 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/
 Jill Ann Howe 

Jill
 Ann Howe 

2173
 Salk Avenue, Suite 200 

Carlsbad,
 CA 92008 

COMPANY: 

LINEAGE
 CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Brian M. Culley 

Brian
 Michael Culley 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Lineage
 Cell Therapeutics, Inc 

2173
 Salk Avenue, Suite 200 

Carlsbad,
 CA 92008 

[ Signature
Page to the Employment Agreement ] 

12 

Exhibit
A 

Chief
Financial Officer 

SUMMARY
OF ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 

As
the highest-ranking financial executive at Lineage, the CFO will provide financial leadership and align business objectives with finance
strategy to create value and growth. Responsible for ensuring compliance with all reporting obligations of a public company and serving
as a strategic partner and financial advisor to the CEO and the board. The ideal candidate has extensive prior public biotech company
experience, business leadership expertise, strong FP A skills, and the foundational knowledge required to execute all accounting,
audit and compliance, and operational aspects of the position. 

JOB
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Provide
 overall leadership, financial strategy, and proactive direction to the Company, including the raising and efficient deployment of
 capital resources. 

Provide
 advice and counsel on financial and operational matters to the CEO and Board of Directors. Lead scenario planning activities including
 preparation of complex analyses and modeling to guide decision-making in all matters operational, financial, and strategic. 

Work
 closely with the business development team on potential partnering opportunities and/or collaborations, including in-licensing, out-licensing,
 acquisitions and/or divestitures, and related diligence activities. 

Contribute
 to the strategic direction of the Company and collaborate with other senior management and the Board of Directors to develop, refine,
 and implement the Company s strategic and operational plans. 

Participate
 actively in Board of Directors and Committee meetings; provide advice and counsel on matters pertaining to governance, corporate
 compliance, financing, and operations. 

Responsible,
 either directly or by managing staff, for all cash management, investments, insurance, budgeting, and financial reporting, helping
 to drive the Company s financial strategy. 

Review
 the annual budget and periodic forecasts; ensure goal alignment across the Company. 

Manage
 key relationships with external auditors and tax advisors. 

Ensure
 the Finance Department maintains a high level of performance, productivity, and integrity; recruit and develop financial talent as
 necessary. 

Support
 the CEO and Investor Relations in the furtherance of corporate communications and shareholder engagement efforts, including capital
 raising activities. 

A- 1 

Exhibit
B 

Confidentiality
and IP Agreement 

B- 1 

</EX-10.07>

<EX-10.21>
 3
 ex10-21.htm

Exhibit
10.21 

IN
THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE 

neil
 d. ross, on behalf of himself and all others similarly
 situated, 
 
 P laintiff , 
 
 v. 
 
 LiNEAGE
 CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. f/k/a BioTime,
 Inc., Michael H. Mulroy, Alfred D. Kingsley, Richard T. LeBuhn , and Aditya Mohanty , 
 
 D efendants .)))))))))))) 

C.A.
 No. 2019-0822-LWW 

STIPULATION
AND AGREEMENT OF 
COMPROMISE AND SETTLEMENT 

This
Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise and Settlement, dated as of the date of the last signature below, is entered into by and among
the Parties in the Action: (i) Plaintiff Neil D. Ross, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated Plaintiff );
(ii) Defendant Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. f/k/a BioTime, Inc. Lineage ); (iii) Defendant Michael H. Mulroy; (iv) Defendant
Alfred D. Kingsley; (v) Defendant Richard T. LeBuhn; and (vi) Defendant Aditya Mohanty (collectively, Defendants ). This
Stipulation sets forth all of the terms of the Settlement and resolution of this matter and is intended by Plaintiff and Defendants to
fully and finally release, resolve, remise, compromise, settle and discharge the Released Plaintiff s Claims against the Released
Defendant Persons (as defined herein) and the Released Defendants Claims against the Released Plaintiff Persons (as defined herein),
subject to the approval of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Court ), without any admission or concession
as to the merits of any claim or defense by the Parties. All terms herein with initial capitalization shall, unless defined elsewhere
in this Stipulation, have the meanings ascribed to them in Paragraph 1 below. 

WHEREAS,
on November 7, 2018, Lineage and Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. Asterias entered into a merger agreement, pursuant to
which Lineage would acquire all of the outstanding common stock of Asterias it did not own (the Merger ), with each Asterias
stockholder receiving 0.71 shares of BioTime common stock for every share of Asterias common stock (the Merger Consideration ); 

WHEREAS,
on November 26, 2018, Plaintiff s Counsel, on behalf of Plaintiff, served a demand for books and records on Asterias pursuant to
8 Del. C. 220; 

WHEREAS,
in response to Plaintiff s demand, Asterias made available for inspection various books and records concerning the Merger and other
related issues; 

WHEREAS,
the Merger closed on March 8, 2019; 

WHEREAS,
on October 15, 2019, Plaintiff, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, filed his Verified Class Action Complaint challenging
the Merger (the Complaint ); 

WHEREAS,
on September 21, 2020, the Court ruled on Defendants motions to dismiss the Complaint (the Motions ), denying the
Motions as to Count I for Defendants Mulroy, Kingsley, LeBuhn, and Mohanty; denying the Motions as to Count II for Lineage; granting
the Motions with prejudice as to Count I for defendants Andrew Arno, Don M. Bailey, and Stephen L. Cartt; granting the Motions as to
Count III of the Complaint; granting the Motions without prejudice as to Count IV of the Complaint for defendant Lineage; and granting
the Motions with prejudice as to Count IV of the Complaint for defendants Broadwood Capital, Inc., Broadwood Partners L.P., and Neal
Bradsher; 

WHEREAS,
on October 30, 2020, the Defendants who remained in the case following resolution of the Motions answered the Complaint; 

WHEREAS,
on November 2, 2020, Plaintiff served Plaintiff s First Set of Requests to Defendants for the Production of Documents; 

WHEREAS,
on March 10, 2021, Plaintiff served Plaintiff s Second Set of Requests for Production of Documents to Defendants; 

WHEREAS,
on March 11, 2021, Defendants Mulroy, Kingsley, LeBuhn, and Mohanty served the Director Defendants First Set of Requests for Production
of Documents Directed to Plaintiff and the Director Defendants First Set of Interrogatories Directed to Plaintiff; 

WHEREAS,
on June 9, 2021, Plaintiff filed a Motion to Compel Compliance with Subpoena Duces Tecum and Ad Testificandum Directed to Broadwood Capital,
Inc. (the Motion to Compel ); 

WHEREAS,
on July 27, 2021, following the completion of briefing, the Court held oral argument on the Motion to Compel and granted the Motion to
Compel; 

WHEREAS,
on August 5, 2021, the Court granted the Stipulation and Proposed Scheduling Order, which scheduled trial for October 17-21, 2022; 

WHEREAS,
on November 23, 2021, the Court granted the Amended Stipulation and Proposed Scheduling Order, which did not alter the trial date but
modified various pretrial dates, and, among other things, set opening expert reports to be exchanged by the parties on May 6, 2022 and
for expert discovery, including expert depositions, to complete by July 8, 2022; 

2 

WHEREAS,
during discovery, the Parties corresponded and met and conferred about various discovery issues, including the nature and scope of productions,
the identification of document custodians, implementation of search terms, and privilege assertions, and approximately 200,000 pages
of documents were produced; 

WHEREAS,
Plaintiff served Subpoenas Duces Tecum and Ad Testificandum on third parties Andrew Arno, Howard Scher, Stephen L. Cartt, Natale Ricciardi,
Don M. Bailey, Maxim Group LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc., and Broadwood Capital, Inc.; 

WHEREAS,
Plaintiff served Subpoenas Duces Tecum on third parties Laidlaw Company (UK) LTD, H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, and Chardan Capital,
LLC; 

WHEREAS,
Plaintiff served Subpoenas Ad Testificandum on third parties James Knight, Bradford Hoffman, Stuart Barich, Russell Skibsted, and Ryan
Chavez; 

WHEREAS,
on February 1, 2022, the Parties attended a virtual mediation session with Robert A. Meyer, Esq. of JAMS. Mr. Meyer has more than a dozen
years experience mediating complex business disputes, including numerous securities fraud class actions. In advance of mediation,
the Parties submitted mediation statements to the mediator; 

WHEREAS,
the Parties were unable to reach a settlement at the mediation session; 

WHEREAS,
between February 25 and April 6, 2022, Plaintiff deposed the following individuals: Prior Defendant and former Asterias director Don
M. Bailey; Defendant and former Asterias director Richard T. LeBuhn; former Asterias Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel Ryan
Chavez; Defendant,former Asterias director and former Lineage director and Chief Executive Officer Aditya Mohanty; Defendant, former
Asterias Chief Executive Officer, former Asterias director and Lineage director Michael H. Mulroy; Defendant and former Asterias director
and Lineage director Alfred D. Kingsley; Stuart Barich, Managing Director of Raymond James Financial, Inc.; and Bradford Hoffman, Managing
Director of Maxim Group, LLC. The parties also scheduled the depositions of former BioTime Chief Financial Officer Russell Skibsted;
former BioTime Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Development James Knight; and Chief Executive Officer of Lineage Brian Culley
to take place in April 2022; but which were postponed in light of the Parties agreement in principle to resolve this litigation
as indicated below; 

WHEREAS,
on April 4, 2022, Defendants deposed Plaintiff Neil D. Ross; 

WHEREAS,
on April 5, 2022, Plaintiff advised Defendants that he intended to move to certify a class using a class definition substantively the
same as the Class defined herein; 

WHEREAS,
on April 7, 2022, Defendants advised Plaintiff that they did not intend to contest class certification, while reserving all rights; 

WHEREAS,
on April 25, 2022, the parties submitted a Stipulation and Proposed Order Governing Class Certification which stated that Defendants,
while reserving all rights, did not intend to contest class certification, which the Court entered the same day; 

WHEREAS,
on or about April 27, 2022, following extensive negotiations, the Parties agreed in principle to resolve this litigation subject to the
terms set forth in this Stipulation; 

WHEREAS,
Plaintiff and Plaintiff s Counsel believe the Action has merit, and Plaintiff s entry into this Stipulation and the Settlement
is not intended to be and shall not be construed as an admission or concession concerning the relative strength or merit of the claims
alleged in the Action; 

3 

WHEREAS,
the Defendants and Prior Defendants have denied, and continue to deny, any and all allegations of wrongdoing or liability asserted in
the Action, including, without limitation, that any of the Defendants or Prior Defendants breached their fiduciary duties, or aided and
abetted a breach of fiduciary duty, owed to Asterias or its stockholders in connection with the Merger; 

WHEREAS,
the Defendants and Prior Defendants who owed fiduciary duties to Asterias and its stockholders have further asserted, and continue to
assert, that at all relevant times, they acted in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably believed to be in the best interests
of Asterias and its stockholders; 

WHEREAS,
Defendants are entering into this Stipulation and the Settlement solely to eliminate the uncertainty, distraction, disruption, burden,
risk, and expense of further litigation; and 

NOW,
THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED, CONSENTED TO AND AGREED, by Plaintiff, for himself and on behalf of the Class, and the Defendants
that, subject to the approval of the Court and pursuant to Delaware Court of Chancery Rule 23, for the good and valuable consideration
set forth herein and conferred on Plaintiff and the Class, the Action against the Defendants shall be finally and fully settled, compromised
and dismissed, on the merits and with prejudice, and that the Released Plaintiff s Claims shall be finally and fully compromised,
settled, released, discharged and dismissed with prejudice as against the Released Defendant Persons, and that the Released Defendants 
Claims shall be finally and fully compromised, settled, released, discharged and dismissed with prejudice as against the Released Plaintiff
Persons, in the manner set forth herein 

A.
Definitions 

1.
 In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Stipulation, the following capitalized terms, used in this Stipulation, shall
have the meanings specified below: 

a.
 Action means the Action pending in the Court, styled Ross v. Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc., et al. , C.A.No. 2019-0822-LWW. 

b.
 Administrator means the firm retained by Plaintiff to disseminate the Settlement Notice, oversee the administration of
the Settlement and distribution of the Settlement Amount, and such other administrative functions as are required under the Settlement. 

c.
 Claims mean any and all manner of claims, demands, rights, liabilities, losses, obligations, duties, damages, diminutions
in value, costs, debts, expenses, interest, penalties, fines, sanctions, fees, attorneys fees, expert or consulting fees, actions,
potential actions, causes of action, suits, agreements, judgments, decrees, matters, issues and controversies of any kind, nature or
description whatsoever, whether known or unknown, disclosed or undisclosed, accrued or unaccrued, apparent or not apparent, foreseen
or unforeseen, matured or not matured, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or not liquidated, fixed or contingent, including Unknown
Claims, which now exist, or heretofore or previously existed, whether direct, derivative, individual, class, representative, legal, equitable
or of any other type, or in any other capacity. 

d.
 Class means all record and beneficial holders of Asterias common stock as of the date of the consummation of the Merger
who received the Merger Consideration, together with their respective successors and assigns. Excluded from the Class are: (a) Defendants
and Prior Defendants, and their immediate family members, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers, limited partners, legal representatives,
heirs, successors, transferees, and assigns, and (b) any entity in which any Defendant has had a direct or indirect controlling interest. 

e.
 Class Member means a member of the Class. 

f.
 Defendants means Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. f/k/a BioTime, Inc., Michael H. Mulroy, Alfred D. Kingsley, Richard T.
LeBuhn, and Aditya Mohanty. 

4 

g.
 Defendants Counsel means the law firms of Cooley LLP and Morris, Nichols, Arsht, and Tunnell LLP on behalf of Lineage
Cell Therapeutics, Inc., and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP on behalf of Michael H. Mulroy, Alfred D. Kingsley, Richard
T. LeBuhn, and Aditya Mohanty. 

h.
 Effective Date means the first business day following the date the Judgment becomes Final. 

i.
 Final, when referring to the Judgment, means (1) entry of the Judgment or (2) if there is an objection to the Settlement,
the expiration of any time for appeal or review of the Judgment, or, if any appeal is filed and not dismissed or withdrawn, issuance
of a decision upholding the Judgment on appeal in all material respects, which is no longer subject to review upon appeal or other review,
and the expiration of the time for the filing of any petition for reargument, appeal or review of the Judgment or any order affirming
the Judgment; provided, however, that any disputes or appeals relating solely to the amount, payment or allocation of attorneys 
fees, costs and expenses shall have no effect on finality for purposes of determining the date on which the Judgment becomes Final and
shall not otherwise prevent, limit or otherwise affect the Judgment, or prevent, limit, delay or hinder entry of the Judgment. 

j.
 Immediate Families means an individual s children, stepchildren, and spouse. In this paragraph, spouse 
shall mean a husband, a wife, or a partner in a state-recognized domestic partnership or civil union. 

k.
 Judgment means the Order and Final Judgment to be entered in the Action in all material respects in the form attached as
Exhibit D hereto, including a determination that the terms and conditions of the issuance of the Settlement Stock is fair to the Class
Members. 

l.
 Merger means the merger between BioTime, Inc. and Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. Asterias announced on
November 8, 2018. 

m.
 Net Settlement Amount means the Settlement Amount as defined herein less any fee and expense Awards, Notice Costs, and
costs for the administration and distribution of the Settlement Amount. 

n.
 Party means any one of, and Parties means all of, the parties to this Stipulation, namely, the Defendants
and Plaintiff, on behalf of himself and the Class. 

o.
 Plaintiff s Counsel means the law firms of Wolf Popper LLP and Long Law LLC. 

p.
 Prior Defendants means Broadwood Capital, Inc., Broadwood Partners, L.P., Neal C. Bradsher, Don M. Bailey, Andrew Arno,
and Stephen L. Cartt. 

q.
 Released Defendant Persons means all persons and entities named as a Defendant or a Prior Defendant in the Action or that
could have been named as a Defendant in the Action, including, without limitation, the past and present officers and members of the board
of directors of Lineage or Asterias, and any and all of the respective current and former employers, parent entities, controlling persons,
owners, members, co-investors, lenders, principals, affiliates, or subsidiaries of any of the foregoing, and each and all of the respective
past or present officers, directors, managers, partners, limited partners, stockholders, representatives, employees, attorneys, financial
or investment advisors, consultants, accountants, investment bankers, commercial bankers, agents, heirs, executors, trustees, personal
representatives, estates, administrators, predecessors, successors, assigns, insurers, and reinsurers of any of the foregoing, and such
other persons that are specifically identified in the Settlement. 

5 

r.
 Released Defendants Claims means any Claims that could have been asserted in the Action by Defendants against any
of the Released Plaintiff Persons, which arise out of the institution, prosecution, settlement or dismissal of the Action, provided,
however, that (i) the Released Defendants Claims shall not include claims to enforce the Settlement and (ii) nothing herein shall
release or otherwise affect any rights between or among Defendants and/or their insurance carriers, including indemnification and contribution. 

s.
 Released Plaintiff Persons means Plaintiff and the Class and their heirs, estates, executors, trustees, successors and
assigns, and Plaintiff s Counsel. 

t.
 Released Plaintiff s Claims means any Claims that (1) were alleged, asserted, set forth, or claimed in the Action
against the Defendants and/or Prior Defendants; or (2) could have been alleged, asserted, set forth or claimed in the Action or in any
other action or in any other court, tribunal, or proceeding by Plaintiff or any other members of the Class individually, or derivatively
on behalf of Asterias or as a member of the Class, which are based upon, arise from or in any way relate to (i) the Merger (or relate
to or arise as a result of any of the events, acts or negotiations related thereto); (ii) Asterias s efforts to obtain financing
or considerations or alternative transactions or courses of action in connection with the process leading up to the Merger; and (iii)
claims that were or could have been alleged, asserted, set forth, claimed, embraced, involved, or referred to in, or related to the conduct
described in the complaint filed in the Action. Released Plaintiff s Claims shall not include claims arising from events occurring
after the closing of the Merger so long as they could not have been asserted in the Action. Released Plaintiff s Claims shall not
include claims to enforce the Settlement. 

u.
 Settlement means the settlement contemplated by this Stipulation. 

v.
 Settlement Amount means 10.65 million. Nothing in this Stipulation shall have an effect on the respective rights and obligations
between or among Defendants or their respective insurance carriers, or upon any separate agreements concerning the claims, defenses,
debts, obligations or payments between or among Defendants. 

w.
 Settlement Fund means a fund created for the benefit of the Class that contains the monies deposited into the Settlement
Fund, the Settlement Stock issued in accordance with Paragraph 2 hereof, any residual monies held in the Settlement Fund, and any interest
or income earned thereon. 

x.
 Settlement Hearing means the hearing to be held by the Court to determine whether the proposed Settlement should be approved
as fair, reasonable and adequate, including regarding the issuance of the Settlement Stock under the exemption provided for in Section
3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Section 3(a)(10) ); whether Plaintiff and Plaintiff s Counsel
have adequately represented the Class; whether any objections to the Settlement should be overruled; whether the Action should be dismissed
with prejudice as against the Defendants; whether to fully, finally and forever, release, settle and discharge the Released Defendant
Persons from and with respect to every one of the Released Plaintiff s Claims; whether a Judgment approving the Settlement should
be entered in accordance with the terms of this Stipulation; and whether and in what amount any award of attorneys fees and expenses
should be paid to Plaintiff s Counsel. 

y.
 Settlement Stock means up to 3,530,000 of unrestricted Lineage common stock, determined as set forth in Paragraph 2.b(i). 

6 

z.
 Unknown Claims means any Released Plaintiff s Claims that Plaintiff, or any other Class Members, do not know or suspect
to exist in his, her or its favor at the time of the release of the Released Plaintiff s Claims, and any Released Defendants 
Claims that any Defendant does not know or suspect to exist in his or its favor at the time of the release of the Released Defendants 
Claims, which, if known by him, her or it, might have affected his, her or its decision(s) with respect to the Settlement. With respect
to any and all Released Plaintiff s Claims and Released Defendants Claims, the Parties stipulate and agree that, upon the
Effective Date of the Settlement, the Parties shall expressly waive, and each of the Class Members shall be deemed to have, and by operation
of the Judgment shall have expressly waived, relinquished and released any and all provisions, rights, and benefits conferred by any
law of any state or territory of the United States, or principle of common law or foreign law, which is similar, comparable, or equivalent
to California Civil Code 1542, which provides: 

A
general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor
at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the
debtor or released party. 

The
Parties acknowledge, and the other Class Members by operation of law are deemed to acknowledge, that they may discover facts in addition
to or different from those now known or believed to be true with respect to the Released Plaintiff s Claims and the Released Defendants 
Claims, but that it is the intention of Plaintiff and Defendants, and by operation of law the other Class Members, to completely, fully,
finally and forever extinguish any and all Released Plaintiff s Claims and Released Defendants Claims, known or unknown,
suspected or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, accrued or unaccrued, which now exist or heretofore have existed, upon any theory
of law or equity, from the beginning of time through the date of execution of this Stipulation, without regard to the subsequent discovery
or existence of such different or additional facts. Plaintiff and Defendants also acknowledge, and the other Class Members by operation
of law are deemed to acknowledge, that the inclusion of Unknown Claims in the definition of the Released Plaintiff s
Claims and the Released Defendant s Claims is separately bargained for and is a key element of the Settlement. 

B.
Settlement Consideration 

2.
 In consideration for the full and final release, settlement and discharge of any and all Released Plaintiff s Claims against
the Released Defendant Persons, the Defendants agree to pay the Settlement Amount as follows: 

a.
Within ten (10) business days after execution of this Stipulation, and subject to the last sentence of this paragraph, the Defendants
shall pay and/or cause their directors and officers D O insurers to pay an amount in cash equal to the Administrator s
estimate for the cost of Notice of the Settlement, but in no event more than 50,000 into the Settlement Fund (the Notice Cost ).
Lineage and/or Defendants D O insurers will fund the Notice Cost. If the Court does not approve the Settlement or the Judgment
does not become Final for any reason, the Released Plaintiff Persons shall not be responsible for repaying any Notice Costs to Defendants.
For the avoidance of doubt, Individual Defendants Michael H. Mulroy, Alfred D. Kingsley, Richard T. LeBuhn and Aditya Mohanty (as opposed
to their insurers or Lineage) will not be responsible for personally funding, contributing to, or indemnifying any part of the Notice
Cost. 

7 

b.
Within ten (10) business days after the Court enters the Judgment, Lineage shall transfer the Settlement Stock to the Settlement Fund.
Up to the time of issuance, Lineage may elect, in its sole discretion, to pay some or all of the Settlement Stock obligation in cash
in lieu of stock. The number of shares constituting the Settlement Stock shall be determined and transferred as follows: 

(i)
The valuation of the Settlement Stock for purposes of determining the number of shares constituting the Settlement Stock will be based
on the volume-weighted average closing price VWAP for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the last two
trading days before the Settlement Stock is transferred to the Settlement Fund. 

(ii)
Should Plaintiff s Counsel decide, after the transfer of the Settlement Stock into the Settlement Fund, to sell any of the Settlement
Stock, they will limit daily sales of the Settlement Stock to 10 of the daily trading volume of Lineage common stock as averaged over
the previous ten (10) trading days. 

(iii)
The Settlement Stock shall be duly and validly issued, uncertificated, fully paid, non-assessable and free from all liens and encumbrances,
and the Parties stipulate the Settlement Stock has been issued under an exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10). Lineage
shall issue the Settlement Stock without any restrictive legend, and the Settlement Stock shall be freely and publicly tradeable without
the need to obtain any opinions of counsel or permission of Lineage that the stock is unrestricted. Defendants will advise the Court
that Lineage will rely on the Section 3(a)(10) exemption based on the Court s approval of the Settlement. 

c.
Within ten (10) business days after the Court enters the Judgment, and subject to the last sentence of this paragraph, the Defendants
shall pay and/or cause their D O insurers to pay into the Settlement Fund cash equal to the Settlement Amount minus the Settlement
Stock and the Notice Cost previously paid. Lineage and/or Defendants D O insurers will fund the Settlement Amount. For the
avoidance of doubt, Individual Defendants Michael H. Mulroy, Alfred D. Kingsley, Richard T. LeBuhn and Aditya Mohanty (as opposed to
their insurers or Lineage) will not be responsible for personally funding, contributing to, or indemnifying any part the Settlement Amount.
For the avoidance of doubt, Plaintiff may terminate the Settlement if Defendants fail to make the payment described in this subparagraph
and in the amount and within the timeframe set forth in this subparagraph. 

3.
 Following the Effective Date, the Net Settlement Amount will be disbursed by the Administrator according to the Plan of Allocation
(Ex. C), provided it is approved by the Court. Defendants shall not object to the Plan of Allocation and shall have no input, responsibility
or liability for any claims, payments or determinations by the Administrator in respect of Class Member claims for payment under this
Settlement, or any other use of the Settlement Fund, including for Taxes, Tax Expenses, and the fee and expense awards. Following the
disbursement contemplated in the first sentence of this paragraph, any balance which still remains in the Net Settlement Fund shall escheat
to the State of Delaware. Defendants shall provide information to Plaintiff concerning the number of shares held by Released Defendant
Persons and where and how the shares were held to ensure no Released Defendant Person is paid any of the Settlement Amount. 

4.
 The Notice Cost will be borne by the Class and funded out of the Settlement Fund. Lineage shall cooperate with Plaintiff in providing
the Notice, including, but not limited to, providing contact and shareholding information of Class Members to the extent available to
Lineage. 

5.
 Expenses of the Administrator, and any other cost of administration and distribution of the Settlement Amount (including the costs,
if any, associated with escheat) shall be paid out of the Settlement Fund. 

6.
 The funds in the Settlement Fund may be invested in instruments backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government
or fully insured by the United States Government or an agency thereof, or if the yield on such instruments is negative, in an account
fully insured by the United States Government or an agency thereof. The Settlement Fund shall bear all risks related to investment of
funds in the Settlement Fund. 

8 

7.
 The Settlement Fund shall be deemed and considered to be in custodia legis of the Court, and shall remain subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court, until such time as such funds shall be distributed pursuant to this Stipulation and/or further order(s) of the Court. 

C.
Scope of the Settlement 

8.
 Upon the entry of the Judgment, the Action shall be dismissed with prejudice, on the merits and without costs (except as provided
herein). 

9.
 Upon the Effective Date, the Plaintiff and all members of the Class shall thereupon fully, finally and forever, release, settle and
discharge the Released Defendant Persons from and with respect to every one of the Released Plaintiff s Claims, and shall thereupon
be forever barred and enjoined from commencing, instituting, prosecuting, or continuing to prosecute any Released Plaintiff s Claims
against any of the Released Defendant Persons. 

10.
 Upon the Effective Date, each of the Defendants shall thereupon fully, finally and forever, release, settle and discharge the Released
Plaintiff Persons from and with respect to every one of the Released Defendants Claims, and shall thereupon be forever barred
and enjoined from commencing, instituting or prosecuting any of the Released Defendants Claims against any of the Released Plaintiff
Persons. 

11.
 The obligations incurred pursuant to this Stipulation shall be in full and final disposition of the Action, the Released Plaintiff s
Claims and the Released Defendants Claims. It is the intention of the Parties that the Settlement eliminate all further risk and
liability relating to the Released Plaintiff s Claims and the Released Defendants Claims, and that the Settlement shall
be a final and complete resolution of all disputes asserted or which could be or could have been asserted with respect to the Released
Plaintiff s Claims and the Released Defendants Claims; provided, however, that nothing herein shall release or otherwise
affect any claims for indemnity or contribution between Defendants and their insurance carriers. 

D.
 Submission of the Settlement to the Court for Approval 

12.
 As soon as practicable after this Stipulation has been executed, Plaintiff and the Defendants shall (1) jointly apply to the Court
for entry of an Order substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Scheduling Order ), providing for, among
other things: (a) the dissemination of the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class Action (the Notice ), substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, which references the Plan of Allocation set forth in Exhibit C; and (b) the scheduling of the
Settlement Hearing to consider: (i) the proposed Settlement, (ii) the joint request of the Parties that the Judgment be entered in all
material respects in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, (iii) Plaintiff s Counsel s fee and expense applications, and
(iv) any objections to any of the foregoing; and (2) take all reasonable and appropriate steps to seek and obtain entry of the Scheduling
Order. The Parties shall jointly request at the Settlement Hearing that the Judgment be entered, and the Parties shall take all reasonable
and appropriate steps to obtain Final entry of the Judgment in all material respects in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D. 

E.
Conditions of Settlement 

13.
 This Settlement shall be subject to the following conditions, which the Parties shall use their best efforts to achieve: 

a.
the Court enters the Scheduling Order in all material respects in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A; 

9 

b.
the Court enters the Judgment in all material respects in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D and the Judgment becomes Final. For the
avoidance of doubt, the scope of the Released Plaintiff s Claims and the Released Defendants Claims are material terms of
this Stipulation; 

c.
the Effective Date shall have occurred; and 

d.
the Parties have complied with their obligations set forth in the Stipulation. 

F.
Attorneys Fees and Expenses 

14.
 Plaintiff s Counsel reserves the right to petition the Court for an award of attorneys fees of no more than 2,662,500
in connection with its role in causing the Settlement and expenses and costs incurred in connection with the Action not to exceed 125,000.
Any award to Plaintiff s Counsel for fees and expenses shall be determined by the Court. 

15.
 Any fee and expense award pursuant to any application shall be paid exclusively out of, and not be in addition to, the Settlement
Amount. 

16.
 The disposition of any fee application is not a material term of this Stipulation, and it is not a condition of this Stipulation
that such applications be granted. The fee application may be considered separately from the proposed Settlement. Any disapproval or
modification of the fee application by the Court or on appeal shall not affect or delay the enforceability of this Stipulation, provide
any of the Parties with the right to terminate the Settlement, or affect or delay the binding effect or finality of the Judgment and
the release of the Released Plaintiff s Claims and Released Defendants Claims. Final resolution of the fee application shall
not be a condition to the dismissal, with prejudice, of the Action or effectiveness of the releases of the Released Plaintiff s
Claims. The payment of any fee and expense awards shall be made without waiver of the right of any Defendant to pursue claims against
insurance carriers for such sum. 

17.
 Plaintiff s Counsel intends to apply to the Court for a service award to Plaintiff in an amount not to exceed 5,000, which
amount shall be paid from any amount awarded by the Court from the fee and expense award awarded to Plaintiff s Counsel. The Defendants
and the Released Defendant Persons shall have no input into or responsibility or liability for the allocation by Plaintiff s Counsel
of any Fee and Expense Award. 

G.
Taxes 

18.
 The Parties agree to treat the Settlement Fund as being at all times a qualified settlement fund within the meaning
of Treas. Reg. 1.468B-1. In addition, the Administrator shall timely make such elections as necessary or advisable to carry out
the provisions of this Section H, including, if necessary, the relation-back election (as defined in Treas. Reg. 
1.468B-10)(2)) back to the earliest permitted date. Such elections shall be made in compliance with the procedures and requirements contained
in such Treasury regulations promulgated under 1.468B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ).
It shall be the responsibility of the Administrator to timely and properly prepare and deliver the necessary documentation for signature
by all necessary parties, and thereafter to cause the appropriate filing to occur. 

19.
 For the purpose of 1.468B of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder, the Administrator shall be designated as the
 administrator of the Settlement Fund. The Administrator shall timely and properly file all informational and other tax
returns necessary or advisable with respect to the Settlement Fund (including, without limitation, the returns described in Treas. Reg.
 1.468B-2(k)). Such returns (as well as the election described in Paragraph 21) shall be consistent with this Section G and in
all events shall reflect that all Taxes, as defined below, (including any estimated Taxes, interest or penalties) on the income earned
by the Settlement Fund shall be paid out of the Settlement Fund. 

10 

20.
 All: (a) taxes (including any estimated taxes, interest or penalties) arising with respect to the income earned by the Settlement
Fund, including any taxes or tax detriments that may be imposed upon Defendants or Released Defendant Persons with respect to any income
earned by the Settlement Fund for any period during which the Settlement Fund does not qualify as a qualified settlement fund 
for federal or state income tax purposes Taxes ); and (b) expenses and costs incurred in connection with the operation
and implementation of this Section G (including, without limitation, expenses of tax attorneys and/or accountants and mailing and distribution
costs and expenses relating to filing (or failing to file) the returns described in this Section G) Tax Expenses ), shall
be paid out of the Settlement Fund. In no event shall Defendants or Released Defendant Persons have any responsibility for or liability
with respect to Taxes or Tax Expenses. Further, Taxes and Tax Expenses shall be treated as, and considered to be, a cost of administration
of the Settlement Fund and shall be timely paid by Plaintiff s Counsel out of the Settlement Fund without further consent of the
Defendants, or prior order from the Court, and Plaintiff s Counsel shall be obligated (notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary)
to withhold from distribution to Class Members any funds necessary to pay such amount, including the establishment of adequate reserves
for any Taxes and Tax Expenses (as well as any amounts that may be required to be withheld under Treas. Reg. 1.468B-2(1)(2));
neither Defendants nor the Released Defendant Persons are responsible therefor nor shall they have any liability with respect thereto. 

H.
Termination of Settlement; Effect of Termination 

21.
 The Parties shall each have the right to terminate the Settlement and this Stipulation by providing written notice of their election
to do so to the other Parties within ten (10) business days of: (a) the Court s declining to enter the Scheduling Order in any
material respect; (b) the Court s declining to enter the Judgment in any material respect; (c) modification or reversal of the
Judgment in any material respect on or following appellate review, remand, collateral attack or other proceedings; or (d) failure to
satisfy any of the other conditions of Section E (other than the occurrence of the Effective Date). Neither a modification nor a reversal
on appeal of any fee and expense awards shall be deemed a material modification of the Judgment or this Stipulation. 

22.
 If the Effective Date does not occur, or if this Stipulation is disapproved, canceled or terminated pursuant to its terms, or the
Settlement otherwise does not become Final for any reason, Plaintiff and the Defendants shall be deemed to have reverted to their respective
litigation status immediately prior to entering into the Settlement; they shall negotiate a new trial schedule in good faith; and they
shall proceed as if this Stipulation had not been executed and the related orders had not been entered, and in that event all of their
respective claims and defenses as to Plaintiff s claims shall be preserved without prejudice. 

I.
Effect of Settlement 

23.
 The Defendants deny any and all allegations of wrongdoing, fault, liability or damage in the Action. 

24.
 Plaintiff and the Defendants covenant and agree that neither this Stipulation, nor the fact or any terms of the Settlement, or any
communications relating thereto, is evidence, or an admission or concession by Plaintiff or the Defendants or their counsel, or any Class
Member, or any other Released Defendant Persons or Released Plaintiff Persons, of any fault, liability or wrongdoing whatsoever, as to
any facts or claims alleged or asserted in the Action, or any other actions or proceedings, or as to the validity or merit of any of
the claims or defenses alleged or asserted in any such action or proceeding. 

25.
 This Stipulation is not a finding or evidence of the validity or invalidity of any claims or defenses in the Action, any wrongdoing
by Plaintiff, the Defendants, any Class Member or other Released Defendant Persons or Released Plaintiff Persons, or any damages or injury
to Plaintiff, the Defendants, any Class Member or other Released Defendant Party or Released Plaintiff Persons. 

11 

26.
 Neither this Stipulation, nor any of the terms and provisions of this Stipulation, nor any of the negotiations or proceedings in
connection therewith, nor any of the documents or statements referred to herein or therein, nor the Settlement, nor the fact of the Settlement,
nor the Settlement proceedings, nor any statements in connection therewith, (a) shall (i) be argued to be, used or construed as, offered
or received in evidence as, or otherwise constitute an admission, concession, presumption, proof, evidence, or a finding of any liability,
fault, wrongdoing, injury or damages, or of any wrongful conduct, acts or omissions on the part of any of the Released Defendant Persons
or Released Plaintiff Persons, or of any infirmity of any defense, or of any damage to Plaintiff or any other Class Member, or (ii) otherwise
be used to create or give rise to any inference or presumption against any of the Released Defendant Persons or Released Plaintiff Persons
concerning any fact or any purported liability, fault, or wrongdoing of the Released Defendant Persons or Released Plaintiff Persons
or any injury or damages to any person or entity, or (b) shall otherwise be admissible, referred to or used in any proceeding of any
nature, for any purpose whatsoever; provided, however, that the Stipulation and Judgment may be introduced in any proceeding subject
to Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence and any and all other state law corollaries thereto, whether in the Court or otherwise,
as may be necessary to argue and establish that the Stipulation and Judgment have res judicata, collateral estoppel or other issue or
claim preclusion effect or to otherwise consummate or enforce the Settlement and Judgment or to secure any insurance rights or proceeds
of any of the Released Defendant Persons or Released Plaintiff Persons or as otherwise required by law. 

J.
Miscellaneous Provisions 

27.
 All of the Exhibits attached hereto are material and integral parts hereof and shall be incorporated by reference as though fully
set forth herein. 

28.
 This Stipulation may not be amended or modified, nor may any of its provisions be waived, except by a written instrument signed by
counsel for Plaintiff and the Defendants or their successors-in-interest. 

29.
 The headings herein are used for the purpose of convenience only and are not meant to have legal effect. 

30.
 Plaintiff and the Defendants represent and agree that the terms of the Settlement were negotiated at arm s-length and in good
faith by Plaintiff and the Defendants, and reflect a settlement that was reached voluntarily based upon adequate information and sufficient
discovery and after consultation with experienced legal counsel. 

31.
 The consummation of the Settlement as embodied in this Stipulation shall be under the authority of the Court. 

32.
 Without further order of the Court, Plaintiff and the Defendants may agree to reasonable extensions of time to carry out any of the
provisions of this Stipulation. 

33.
 To the extent permitted by law, all agreements made and orders entered during the course of the Action relating to the confidentiality
of documents or information shall survive this Stipulation. 

34.
 The waiver by Plaintiff or the Defendants of any breach of this Stipulation shall not be deemed a waiver of any other prior or subsequent
breach of any provision of this Stipulation. 

35.
 This Stipulation and the Exhibits constitute the entire agreement between Plaintiff, on the one hand, and any Defendants, on the
other hand, and supersede any prior agreements among the Plaintiff, on the one hand, and any Defendants, on the other hand, with respect
to the Settlement. No representations, warranties or inducements have been made to or relied upon by any Party concerning this Stipulation
or its Exhibits, other than the representations, warranties and covenants expressly set forth in such documents. 

12 

36.
 This Stipulation may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by facsimile and electronic mail. 

37.
 The Parties agree that they will use their reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary approvals of the Court required by this
Stipulation (including, but not limited to, using their reasonable best efforts to resolve any objections raised to the Settlement),
and to promptly agree upon and execute all such other documentation as may be reasonably required to obtain final approval by the Court
of the Settlement. 

38.
 Plaintiff and Plaintiff s Counsel represent and warrant that Plaintiff is a member of the Class and that none of Plaintiff s
claims or causes of action referred to in this Stipulation have been assigned, encumbered, or otherwise transferred in any manner in
whole or in part. 

39.
 Each counsel signing this Stipulation represents and warrants that such counsel has been duly empowered and authorized to sign this
Stipulation on behalf of his or her clients. 

40.
 This Stipulation shall not be construed more strictly against one Party than another merely by virtue of the fact that it, or any
part of it, may have been prepared by counsel for one of the Parties, it being recognized that it is the result of arm s-length
negotiations between the Parties, and all Parties have contributed substantially and materially to the preparation of this Stipulation. 

41.
 This Stipulation is and shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Released Defendant Persons and the Released Plaintiff
Persons (including the Class Members) and the respective legal representatives, heirs, executors, administrators, transferees, successors
and assigns of all such foregoing persons and entities and upon any corporation, partnership, or other entity into or with which any
party may merge, consolidate or reorganize. 

42.
 This Stipulation, the Settlement, and any and all disputes arising out of or relating in any way to this Stipulation or Settlement,
whether in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without
regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding to enforce any of the terms of this Stipulation or Settlement, or any
other action or proceeding among the Parties arising out of or relating in any way to this Stipulation or the Settlement, shall (i) be
brought, heard and determined exclusively in the Court (provided that, in the event that subject matter jurisdiction is unavailable in
the Court, then any such action or proceeding shall be brought, heard and determined exclusively in any other state court sitting in
Wilmington, Delaware) and (ii) shall not be litigated or otherwise pursued in any forum or venue other than the Court (or, if subject
matter jurisdiction is unavailable in the Court, then in any forum or venue other than any other state or federal court sitting in Wilmington,
Delaware). Each Party hereto (1) consents to personal jurisdiction in any such action (but in no other action) brought in this Court;
(2) consents to service of process by email on counsel for such Party and/or such Parties; (3) waives any objection to venue in this
Court and any claim that Delaware or this Court is an inconvenient forum; and (4) expressly waives any right to demand a jury trial as
to any dispute described in this paragraph. 

13 

Date:
 October 26, 2022 
 
 LONG
 LAW, LLC 

of
 counsel: 
 /s/
 Brian D. Long 

Carl
 L. Stine 
 Adam
 J. Blander 
 Radha
 Raghavan 
 WOLF
 POPPER LLP 
 845
 Third Avenue 
 New
 York, NY 10022 
 (212)
 759-4600 
 
 Brian
 D. Long (#4347) 
 3828
 Kennett Pike, Suite 208 
 Wilmington,
 DE 19807 
 (302)
 729-9100 
 
 Attorneys
 for Plaintiff 
 
 Date:
 October 26, 2022 
 
 Morris,
 Nichols, Arsht Tunnell LLP 

OF
 COUNSEL: 
 /s/
 D. McKinley Measley 

Koji
 Fukumura 
 Peter
 Adams 
 COOLEY
 LLP 
 10265
 Science Center Drive 
 San
 Diego, CA 92121 
 (858)
 550-6000 
 D.
 McKinley Measley (#5108) 
 Sarah
 P. Kaboly (#6673) 
 1201
 N. Market Street 
 Wilmington,
 DE 19801 
 (302)
 658-9200 
 
 Attorneys
 for Defendant 
 Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc 

Date:
 October 26, 2022 
 
 SKADDEN,
 ARPS, SLATE, MEAGHER FLOM LLP 

OF
 COUNSEL: 
 /s/
 Edward B. Michelietti 

Peter
 B. Morrison 
 Virginia
 F. Milstead 
 SKADDEN,
 ARPS, SLATE, 
 MEAGHER FLOM LLP 
 300
 South Grand Avenue, 
 Suite
 3400 
 Los
 Angeles, CA 90071 
 (213)
 687-5000 
 Edward
 B. Micheletti (#3794) 
 Bonnie
 W. David (#5964) 
 One
 Rodney Square 
 P.O.
 Box 636 
 Wilmington,
 DE 19899 
 (302)
 651-3000 
 
 Attorneys
 for Defendants Michael H. Mulroy, Alfred D. Kingsley, Richard T. LeBuhn and Aditya Mohanty 

14 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Lineage
Cell Therapeutics, Inc. 

The
following is a list of subsidiaries of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31, 2022, omitting some subsidiaries which, considered
in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

Subsidiary 
 
 State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Cell Cure Neurosciences Ltd 
 
 Israel 
 
 ES Cell International Pte. Ltd 
 
 Singapore 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-166862, 333-167822, 333-174282, 333-182964,
333-183557, 333-187710, 333-188066, 333-201824, 333-209000, 333-217182, 333-218807, 333-237975, 333-254155, and 333-254167), and Form
S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-101651, 333-122844, 333-163396, 333-192531, 333-205661, 333-219204, 333-233132, 333-254158, and 333-259853)
of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. of our report dated March 9, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears
in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

San Francisco, California 

March 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Brian M. Culley, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 9, 2023 

/s/
 Brian M. Culley 

Brian
 M. Culley 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Jill Ann Howe, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 

/s/ Jill Ann Howe 

Jill Ann Howe 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Brian M. Culley, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, and Jill Ann Howe, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 9, 2023 

/s/
 Brian M. Culley 

Brian
 M. Culley 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jill Ann Howe 

Jill
 Ann Howe 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and will be retained
by Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 lctx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 lctx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 lctx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 lctx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

