<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1839990_0001104659-23-040291.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6963093</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>397074</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1027924</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2200313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1246326</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1933895</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-040291.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331171012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-040291
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Artemis Strategic Investment Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839990
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40855
		FILM NUMBER:		23789067

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3310 EAST CORONA AVENUE
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85040
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-579-6436

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3310 EAST CORONA AVENUE
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85040

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-040291.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 novi-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: ARTEMIS STRATEGIC INVESTMENT CORPORATION (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, at June 29, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed by reference to the closing price of the units reported on Nasdaq on such date, was . As of March 24, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents Page EXPLANATORY NOTE i CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 1 PART I 3 Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 45 Item 2. Properties 45 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 45 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 45 PART II 46 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 46 Item 6. [Reserved] 47 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 47 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 52 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 52 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 52 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 52 Item 9B. Other Information 53 PART III 54 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 54 Item 11. Executive Compensation 61 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 62 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 65 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 67 PART IV 68 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 68 

EXPLANATORY NOTE As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Artemis Strategic Investment Corp. (the Company on March 31, 2023, in connection with the preparation of its financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reevaluated the accounting for the waiver of the deferred underwriting fee by the underwriters of its initial public offering. The Company had recognized this waiver of fees as an extinguishment of the contingent liability, with a resulting non-operating gain recognized in its statement of operations, in the Company s quarterly report for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 Third Quarter 10-Q ). Upon further review and analysis, the Company s management concluded that the Company should have recognized the extinguishment of the contingent liability as a credit to stockholder s deficit. On March 30, 2023, the Company s management and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (the Audit Committee concluded that the Company s previously issued unaudited interim financial statements included in the Third Quarter 10-Q should no longer be relied upon and that it is appropriate to restate the Third Quarter 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K or Annual Report contains (i) the Company s audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and (ii) restated statement of operations, statement of changes in stockholder s deficit, and statement of cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022. Other than as described above, this Form 10-K does not reflect adjustments for events occurring after the filing of the Third Quarter 10-Q except to the extent that they are otherwise required to be included and discussed herein. See Part II, Item 7, Note 2 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for a detailed discussion of the effect of the restatement on the previously issued financial statements as of and for the period ended September 30, 2022. Further, the Company s management has considered the effect of the foregoing on the Company s prior conclusions of the adequacy of its internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2022. As a result of the error, management has determined that a material weakness existed in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2022. See Part II Item 9A Controls and Procedures within this Form 10-K for a description of these matters. 
 i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this annual report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K or Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Important factors that could affect our actual results and cause them to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the items in the following list: our ability to complete the proposed business combination Proposed Business Combination with Logflex MT Holding Ltd Novibet or another initial business combination, particularly on fair and/or favorable terms to us and our stockholders; our expectations around the performance of Novibet; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the risk that the benefits of the Proposed Business Combination may not be realized; the risk that the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of our securities; the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination, including the failure of our stockholders to approve the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below) or the failure to satisfy the minimum closing cash condition set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (the Minimum Closing Cash Condition ; the risk that the level of redemptions by holders of the Class A common stock sold in our initial public offering Public Stockholders may be greater than expected; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination Agreement; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be initiated following announcement of the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination; the effect of the announcement or pendency of the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination on our business relationships, operating results and business generally; risks that the Proposed Business Combination could disrupt current plans and operations of Novibet; foreign exchange rate; future financial performance, including cash flow and liquidity; risks related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Omicron and other variants and potential governmental and other restrictions (including travel restrictions) resulting therefrom; changes in general economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 1 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 2 

PART I References in this Annual Report to we, us , the Company or Artemis refer to Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to our Sponsor refer to Artemis Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Item 1. Business. Introduction Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation (the Company is a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on January 4, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (the initial business combination ). The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. On March 28, 2022, the board of directors of Artemis unanimously approved the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 30, 2022, and amended on September 2, 2022 and December 14, 2022 (as the same may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Komisium Limited, a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Cyprus and the holder of all of the issued ordinary shares of Novibet and all of the issued and outstanding PubCo Ordinary Shares Komisium ), Logflex MT Holding Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Malta with company registration number C 77769 and having its registered office at 170, Pater House, Level 1 (Suite A191), Psaila Street, Birkirkara, BKR 9077, Malta and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Komisium Novibet ), Novibet PLC, a Jersey public limited company, and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Komisium PubCo ), Novibet Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub ), and Artemis, which provides for, among other things, (i) the sale and transfer by Komisium of all issued ordinary shares and other equity interests of Novibet to PubCo in exchange for the consideration hereafter described (the Share Exchange ), and (ii) the merger of Merger Sub with and into Artemis, with Artemis surviving and continuing as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (the Merger and, together with the Share Exchange and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement to be effective upon consummation of the Merger, the Proposed Business Combination ). The terms of the Business Combination Agreement and the Proposed Business Combination are discussed in more detail below. Prior to executing the Business Combination Agreement, our activities were limited to organization activities, the completion of our initial public offering, and the evaluation of possible business combination candidates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity since inception relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering or IPO ), and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target business to complete an initial business combination with, as well as activities in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. Prior to the consummation of the IPO, on January 5, 2021, Artemis Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor purchased 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Founder Shares or Class B Common Stock ), for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or 0.006 per share. On March 16, 2021, Artemis effected a stock split of the Class B Common Stock, resulting in an aggregate of 5,031,250 shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding and held by the Sponsor. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the IPO would be a maximum of 20,125,000 units if the underwriters option to purchase additional units was exercised in full, and therefore, that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the IPO. On October 4, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,125,000 units (the Units ), including the issuance 2,625,000 Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 201,250,000. Each Unit issued in the IPO consists of one share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Public Shares or Class A Common Stock , and together with the Class B Common Stock, the Common Stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ). As a result of the exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in full, 656,250 shares of Class B Common Stock were no longer subject to forfeiture. 
 3 

Certain institutional anchor investors (the Institutional Anchor Investors that are not affiliated with the Company, the Sponsor or the Company s officers, directors, and certain members of the Company s management purchased an aggregate of 13,020,000 Units. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 130,200,000. In addition to and as part of the Initial Public Offering, certain entities affiliated with the Sponsor, purchased an aggregate of 2,732,500 Units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 27,325,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 8,000,000 warrants (the Sponsor Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Sponsor Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. The Company also consummated the sale of 2,000,000 warrants (the Anchor Investor Warrants , together with the Sponsor Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Anchor Investor Warrant in a private placement to certain Institutional Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds of 2,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor forfeited 1,618,434 Founder Shares and the Company sold 1,618,434 Founder Shares to certain Institutional Anchor Investors at the original purchase price of 0.006 per share. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Company s initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided in the Company s final prospectus, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 1, 2021 Final Prospectus ). Transaction costs amounted to 25,559,771 consisting of 3,825,000 of underwriting fees, 7,043,750 of deferred underwriting commissions, 13,796,426 of offering costs related to the fair value of the Founder Shares issued to certain Institutional Anchor Investors and 894,595 of other offering costs. Offering costs related to the Founder Shares amounted to 13,796,426, of which 13,158,020 were charged to stockholders equity/(deficit) upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and 638,407 were expensed to the statements of operations and included in transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities. Effective as of July 14, 2022, Barclays Capital Inc. Barclays resigned and withdrew from its role as financial advisor and capital markets advisor to the Company and waived its entitlement to all fees in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, including its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of approximately 4,578,438. Effective as of July 20, 2022, BMO Capital Markets Corp. BMO waived its entitlement to its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of approximately 2,465,312. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, an amount of 205,275,000 10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. As of December 31, 2022, there was 208,244,129 in investments held in the trust account, which includes interest income available to us for franchise and income tax obligations of 2,969,129 and 160,940 of cash held outside the trust account. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing the Proposed Business Combination or an alternate initial business combination. The Company must complete its initial business combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial business combination. The Company will only complete an initial business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Our board of directors determined that the Proposed Business Combination satisfied these requirements. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to effect the Proposed Business Combination or an alternate initial business combination successfully. The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of an initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve an initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed initial 
 4 

business combination, including the Proposed Business Combination, the Company will be required to seek stockholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the initial business combination. The Company will proceed with an initial business combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of the initial business combination and a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. If the Company conducts redemptions of the Public Shares in connection with its initial business combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules in conjunction with a stockholder meeting instead of pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s third amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation provides that, a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 15 or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially 10.20 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions, which prior to the resignation of Barclays and waiver of fees by BMO, was to be paid to the underwriters upon the completion of the Proposed Business Combination, but has been waived following their resignation and waiver, respectively. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of an initial business combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These Public Shares are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. If the Company is unable to conduct redemptions pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules as described above, the Company will, pursuant to its Certificate of Incorporation, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing its initial business combination. The Sponsor, officers, directors, Institutional Anchor Investors, and advisors have agreed (a) to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of the initial business combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the Company s pre-business combination activities prior to the consummation of an initial business combination unless the Company provides dissenting Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment, (c) not to redeem any shares (including the Founder Shares) into cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an initial business combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with an initial business combination if the Company is unable to conduct redemptions pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation relating to stockholders rights of pre-business combination activity and (d) that the Founder Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if an initial business combination is not consummated. However, the Sponsor and our officers, directors and advisors will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its initial business combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the 
 5 

Public Shares. Effective as of July 14, 2022, Barclays resigned and withdrew from its role as financial and capital markets advisor to Artemis and waived its entitlement to all fees in connection with the Business Combination, including its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions. Effective as of July 20, 2022, BMO, one of the underwriters in the IPO, waived its entitlement to its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the IPO. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the price per Unit 10.20. On March 30, 2022, the Company executed a definitive agreement for the Proposed Business Combination, described in the section titled Proposed Business Combination with Novibet , which has extended the mandatory liquidation date to 21 months or July 4, 2023. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its stockholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. The Institutional Anchor Investors will not be entitled to (i) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with the completion of the initial business combination, (ii) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Certificate of Incorporation in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination within the Combination Period or (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the initial business combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial business combination within the Combination Period). Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Proposed Business Combination with Novibet On March 28, 2022, the board of directors of Artemis unanimously approved the Business Combination Agreement, by and among Komisium, Novibet, PubCo, Merger Sub, and Artemis, which provides for, among other things, the Proposed Business Combination. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions set forth therein, immediately prior to the Effective Time, Komisium will sell and transfer all issued ordinary shares and other equity interests of Novibet to PubCo in consideration for receiving at closing of the Proposed Business Combination (a) an amount of cash, which will not exceed 50 million, equal to the excess of the Gross Closing Proceeds (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) over 100 million (the Closing Cash Consideration ), (b) a number of ordinary shares of PubCo (the PubCo Ordinary Shares and such number of shares, the Closing Share Consideration equal to (i) (x) 500 million minus the initial share premium of 598,000 Initial Share Premium minus the Closing Cash Consideration actually paid to Komisium, the difference divided by (y) 10.20, minus (ii) the Additional Closing Share Consideration (if any), and (c) in the event that redemptions by Public Stockholders equal or exceed 85 of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, an additional 12,254,902 PubCo Ordinary Shares (the Additional Closing Share Consideration ). If redemptions by the Public Stockholders are less than 85 , the Additional Closing Share Consideration will be deferred and 12,254,902 PubCo Ordinary Shares (the Deferred Share Consideration will be issued upon the satisfaction of certain earnout conditions. In addition to the Closing Cash Consideration, Closing Share Consideration, Additional Closing Share Consideration (if any), and Deferred Share Consideration (if any), Komisium (i) will retain the 65,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares to which the Initial Share Premium relates, and (ii) may receive up to an additional 10,000,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares in 
 6 

earnout consideration (the Earnout Consideration upon the satisfaction of certain earnout conditions set forth in more detail in the Business Combination Agreement. Additionally, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions set forth therein, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), (a) each issued and outstanding share of Class B Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and will be automatically converted into one share of Class A Common Stock subject to the terms of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and the Sponsor Support Agreement (as defined below), (b) each issued and outstanding share of Class A Common Stock (including the shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock, but not including any shares redeemed by the Public Stockholders and certain other excluded Company shares) shall no longer be outstanding and will be automatically converted into the right of the holder thereof to receive one PubCo Ordinary Share and (c) each outstanding whole warrant of the Company will be assumed by PubCo and will become exercisable for one PubCo Ordinary Share, on the same terms as the warrants of the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement dated as of September 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement ). On September 2, 2022, Komisium, Novibet, PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, which among other things provided for (i) a closing share valuation of 500,000,000, with 12,254,902 PubCo Ordinary Shares issuable to Komisium at closing of the Proposed Business Combination if redemptions equal or exceed 85 , or if redemptions are less than 85 , then such PubCo Ordinary Shares would be deferred and issuable in subsequent years if certain earnout targets are met, (ii) a dual tranche earnout based on the achievement of certain net revenue targets, (iii) clauses permitting Komisium to transfer up to 30 of the issued PubCo Ordinary Shares after the Closing, (iv) the payment of an amount of dividend declared prior to March 30, 2022 to Komisium up to the amount of 3,579,625, (v) the payment of the net profits generated by Novibet between signing and closing to Komisium, (vi) a minimum cash closing condition of 12.5 million after transaction expenses and redemptions, and (vii) clauses permitting the Company to cause the Sponsor to forfeit or transfer a portion of the Founder Shares to incentivize investors to acquire Public Shares and not redeem them. On December 14, 2022, Komisium, Novibet, PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, which among other things provided for (i) the change of Pubco s jurisdiction of incorporation from England and Wales to Jersey and (ii) clauses permitting Komisium to transfer up to 10 of the issued Novibet ordinary shares prior to the Closing Date. In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, Novibet and the Company entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement on March 30, 2022 (the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed, among other things, to vote to adopt and approve the Business Combination Agreement and all other documents and transactions contemplated thereby, to vote against any business combination proposal other than the Proposed Business Combination or other proposals that would impede or frustrate the Proposed Business Combination, and to not change in any manner the dividend policy or capitalization of, including the voting rights of any class of capital stock of, the Company. Additionally, the Sponsor agreed not to redeem any shares of the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock held by it in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, and to waive the anti-dilution and conversion price adjustments set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to its Class B Common Stock. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination is subject to certain closing conditions and there is no assurance that the Proposed Business Combination will be completed. Liquidity and Going Concern Consideration As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 160,940 in cash and a working capital deficit of 5,942,600. The Company s liquidity needs through December 31, 2022, were satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that 
 7 

an initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of an initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. The Company s management plans to continue its efforts to complete an initial business combination within 21 months of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or July 4, 2023. If the Company s funds are insufficient to meet the expenditures required for operating its business in the attempt to find an initial business combination or in the event that an initial business combination is not consummated, the Company will likely need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through July 4, 2023. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be unable to raise additional capital. Competition If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination, we expect to encounter competition in identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for an alternate initial business combination from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds public companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may have placed us at a competitive disadvantage in negotiating the Proposed Business Combination, or may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We currently have four (4) officers: Holly Gagnon, Philip Kaplan, Thomas Granite and Scott Shulak. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 
 8 

Available Information We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 3310 East Corona Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85040 or by telephone at (602) 346-0329. Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks set forth below do not include specific risks relating to the Proposed Business Combination, or the risks inherent in Novibet s business, which are included in the Registration Statement on Form F-4/A filed by PubCo on December 15, 2022. The risks presented below assumes that we will not consummate the Proposed Business Combination, and that we will seek to find an alternative target with which to consummate an initial business combination. Risk Factor Summary We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. While we intend to submit the Proposed Business Combination to a vote of our shareholders, if we are not able to complete the Proposed Business Combination or seek an alternate initial business combination, our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination, including the Proposed Business Combination, may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 
 9 

The coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic, including the efforts to mitigate its impact, has and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our search for an initial business combination, as well as any target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination, including Novibet. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, including the Proposed Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination, including the Proposed Business Combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

 10 

Risks Relating to the Restatement of our Third Quarter 10-Q and Material Weakness in our Internal Control We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation of those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As described elsewhere in this Annual Report, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the interpretation and accounting for extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 30, 2022. This material weakness resulted in an error in our Third Quarter 10-Q and a restatement of the statement of operations, statement of changes in stockholder s deficit, and statement of cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022. For a discussion of management s consideration of the material weakness identified and the restatement of our prior period financial statements, see Note 2 to the accompanying condensed financial statements, as well as Part II, Item 9A: Controls and Procedures included in this Annual Report. Any failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our Class A common stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. After consultation with management and our audit committee, we concluded that there was a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting. As a result of such material weakness and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a business combination. 
 11 

Risks Relating to our Search for and Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination Our stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. While we intend to seek shareholder approval of the Proposed Business Combination, we may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, as we intend to do in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of the business combination we complete. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Our initial stockholders own 13.6 of our outstanding common stock. Pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Sponsor agreed to vote all voting equity securities owned by it in favor of the Business Combination Agreement. Our initial stockholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 9,165,309, or 45.5 , of the 20,125,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. In the event that the anchor investors hold all units they purchased in the initial public offering until prior to consummation of our initial business combination and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, in addition to the founder shares, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. The anchor investors have no agreement with us or our Sponsor with respect to voting in favor of our initial business combination. If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination and instead pursue an alternate initial business combination, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. You will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. For instance, the Business Combination Agreement includes a closing condition that we have at least 12,500,000 of cash available at the closing after giving effect to redemptions and the payment of transaction expenses. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination unless the condition is waived by Novibet. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our 
 12 

public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not, and at the time we entered into the Business Combination Agreement, we did not, know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, like the Business Combination Agreement does, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, like the Business Combination Agreement, we may need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock results in the issues of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the representatives of the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination, including the Proposed Business Combination, would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, like the Business Combination Agreement does, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 13 

The coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic, including the efforts to mitigate its impact, has and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our search for an initial business combination, as well as any target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination. The COVID-19 pandemic, including efforts to combat it, has and may continue to adversely affect our search for an initial business combination. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in governmental authorities worldwide implementing numerous measures to contain the virus, including travel restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business limitations and shutdowns. In addition, the outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has and may continue to adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide. More generally, the pandemic raises the possibility of an extended global economic downturn and has caused volatility in financial markets. As such, the business of any potential target business with which we may consummate an initial business combination could be materially and adversely affected. In response to the pandemic, public health authorities and local, national and international governments have implemented measures that may directly or indirectly impact our ability to search for and acquire any target business, including measures such as voluntary or mandatory quarantines, restrictions on travel and orders to limit the activities of non-essential workforce personnel. We may be unable to complete an initial business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 -19 (including the Delta and Omicron variants and potential subsequent waves or new variants or strains of the virus) continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures implemented to contain it have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant negative effect on the travel industry, having led to unprecedented levels of cancellations and limited new travel bookings. According to the January 2021 issue of the World Tourism Barometer, international tourist arrivals declined 74 in 2020 as compared with the same period in 2019. In addition, the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic are uncertain and difficult to predict. The pandemic could continue to impede global economic activity for an extended period, even as restrictions are beginning to be lifted in many jurisdictions, leading to decreased per capita income and disposable income, increased and sustained unemployment or a decline in consumer confidence, all of which could significantly reduce discretionary spending by individuals and businesses on travel. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete an initial business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the personnel of any target business, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and complete a transaction in a timely manner. In addition, countries or supranational organizations in our target markets may develop and implement legislation that makes it more difficult or impossible for entities outside such countries or target markets to acquire or otherwise invest in companies or businesses deemed essential or otherwise vital. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a target business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 pandemic continue for an extended period of time and result in protectionist sentiments and legislation in our target markets, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We may not be able to complete our Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination by July 4, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to complete our Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination by July 4, 2023. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining 
 14 

stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the Nasdaq rules. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the Proposed Business Combination or an alternate initial business combination if we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination (as the Business Combination Agreement does), where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. 
 15 

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the initial public offering had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination and seek an alternate initial business combination and if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already been acquired, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies pursuing initial business combination or preparing for their initial public offering. As a result, if we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination, fewer attractive targets may be available for us to consummate an alternate initial business combination. In addition, because of competition for available targets, terms of any initial business combination we enter into, if we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination, may not be favorable to us. Attractive targets could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to us. 
 16 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination, we expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 21 months following the closing of the offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least July 4, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so and we have not done so in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 17 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent public registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. The underwriters of the initial public offering as well as our registered independent public accounting firm have not executed agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per share and the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 
 18 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are not subject to. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 19 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023; and (iii) absent an initial business combination by July 4, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Proposed Business Combination or an alternate initial business combination, and results of operations. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 18th or 21st month from the closing of the initial public offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 
 20 

Because we do not comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination, when we look for an alternate business combination target, we will not be limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector, and you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, except that our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. We intend to complete the Proposed Business Combination, and accordingly we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in Novibet s business operations and industry, which are set forth in detail in the Registration Statement. If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks relating to the target with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, and have done so in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in Novibet or another business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 
 21 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that Novibet or another target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have some or all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek initial business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model or with limited historic financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and have not obtained a fairness opinion in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. We have not obtained a fairness opinion in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, and we do not intend to do so in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust 
 22 

account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. Although the Business Combination Agreement contemplates an initial business combination with a single target business, Novibet, if we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination, we may effectuate an alternate initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only Novibet or another single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 
 23 

If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination, we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our Proposed Business Combination With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We are attempting to complete our initial business combination with Novibet, a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We are attempting to complete the Proposed Business Combination with Novibet, a private company. In pursuing our business combination strategy, if we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination with Novibet, we may seek to effectuate an alternate initial business combination with a different privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders or warrant holders do not agree. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, the Business Combination Agreement imposes a minimum cash condition, and any proposed initial business combination with an alternate target may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. Nevertheless, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares. Similarly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination (as we expect to do in connection with the Proposed Business Combination) and do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we may enter into privately negotiated agreements with public shareholders to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement or such other proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 24 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement requires a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by July 4, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through the registration statement we filed in connection with our initial public offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. The provisions of our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock, may participate in any vote to amend our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete an initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 25 

Our sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Certain agreements related to the initial public offering may be amended without stockholder approval. Each of the agreements related to the initial public offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our Sponsor; and the administrative services agreement among us, our Sponsor and an affiliate of our Sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and other securities held by our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If redemptions of Public Shares exceed the minimum cash condition set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, we may be unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination unless Novibet waives such condition. If we seek an alternate initial business combination, and if the cash portion of the purchase price of such alternate initial business combination exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 
 26 

Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders own 13.6 of our issued and outstanding common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional Class A common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. Since certain of our anchor investors will have an indirect beneficial interest in founder shares held by our Sponsor, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. Certain of our anchor investors are also (or will be) members of our Sponsor with an indirect beneficial interest in founder shares held by our Sponsor. These anchor investors, through their interests in our Sponsor, will share in any appreciation of the founder shares, provided that we successfully complete an initial business combination. Accordingly, our anchor investors interests in the founder shares held by our Sponsor may provide them with an incentive to vote any public shares they own in favor of an initial business combination, and make a substantial profit on such interests, even if the business combination is with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for other public stockholders. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on the Proposed Business Combination or any other initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. In the case of Novibet, these financial statements are, and in the case of any other target company, these financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances. In the case of Novibet, these financial statements are, and in the case of any other target company, these historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the 
 27 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. Although we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to any requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our business combination in a manner that requires stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect an initial business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares received. In addition, stockholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. In addition, we may effect an initial business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such an initial business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination, the increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an alternate initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 
 28 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, as we have done on Novibet in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with Novibet or another target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of Novibet s or such other target business s control and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom are expected to join us following the Proposed Business Combination or may join us in an alternate initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 29 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 
 30 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We have structured the Proposed Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, such as Novibet, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, such as Novibet, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 
 31 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; challenges in managing and staffing international operations; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Relating to our Management Team We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 32 

Past performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. No member of our management team has had management experience with special purpose acquisition companies in the past. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team s or businesses associated with them as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination, we may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. If we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination, we will consider an alternate initial business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if an initial business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in an initial business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an initial business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Although we have identified a target in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 33 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. We engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present an initial business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or ventures may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete the Proposed Business Combination or an alternate initial business combination. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, if we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination, we may enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing an initial business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination and search for an alternate target with which to pursue an initial business combination, we may engage in an initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination and search for an alternate target with which to pursue an initial business combination, in light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning an initial business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting our initial business combination Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of an initial business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential 
 34 

conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our Sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders hold 5,031,250 founder shares as of the date of this Annual Report, including 3,412,816 held by our Sponsor. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor and certain anchor investors purchased an aggregate of 10,000,000 private placement warrants that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination within the allocated time period. In addition, we may obtain loans from our initial stockholders, officers, directors, or their affiliates. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. Risks Relating to our Securities Since the anchor investors will have a direct or indirect beneficial interest in founder shares, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. The anchor investors, through their interests in our Sponsor, will share in any appreciation in the value of the founder shares above the nominal amount they paid for the shares, provided that we successfully complete an initial business combination. As a result of their direct or indirect beneficial interest in the founder shares, the anchor investors may have an incentive to vote any public shares they own in favor of an initial business combination, and, if an initial business combination is approved, they may make a substantial profit on such interest, even if the business combination is with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for other public stockholders. Moreover, if the anchor investors retain all of their interests in our public shares and vote those public shares in favor of an initial business combination, we will receive sufficient votes to approve the business combination, regardless of how any other stockholder votes their shares. The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete the Proposed Business Combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses. Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 
 35 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by July 4, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by July 4, 2023 is not completed for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond July 4, 2023 before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share, a minimum market value of our listed securities of 50 million and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, the market value of our listed securities would generally be required to be at least 75 million, the number of unrestricted publicly held shares must be at least 1.1 million with an aggregate market value of at least 20 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 400 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which requires brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 36 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and eventually our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A common stock or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A common stock included in the units. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. 
 37 

You may only be able to exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The warrant agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; if we have so elected and the shares of Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our shares of Class A common stock (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class A common stock. Our initial stockholders, the holders of our private placement warrants, the holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the shares of Class A common stock into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the shares of common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete the Proposed Business Combination or an alternate initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 380,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Immediately after our initial public offering, there were 359,875,000 and 14,968,750 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock is automatically convertible into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Such anti-dilution adjustments were waived in connection with the proposed Business Combination. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 38 

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete the Proposed Business Combination or an alternate initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate an initial business combination beyond July 4, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 
 Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment to prevent dilution (which anti-dilution adjustment provisions have been waived by our Sponsor in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial business combination. 
 39 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption. We will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. In connection with our initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 10,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. In addition, if our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors makes any working capital loans, such lender may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue common stock to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 
 40 

Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one common share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of an initial business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. Our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Following the consummation of the offering and the concurrent private placement of warrants, we issued an aggregate of 18,750,000 warrants in connection with this offering comprised of the 8,750,000 warrants included in the units and the 10,000,000 private placement warrants. We accounted for these as a warrant liability and recorded at fair value upon issuance any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by us. Potential targets may seek an initial business combination partner that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 41 

General Risk Factors We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and we did not commence operations until obtaining funding through our initial public offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Our status as a smaller reporting company is determined annually. We will continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company for so long as (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates (measured as of the end of the second quarter of the then current fiscal year) does not exceed 250 million or (ii) our annual revenues for the most recently completed fiscal year do not exceed 100 million and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates (measured as of the end of the second quarter of the then current fiscal year) does not exceed 700 million. If we exceed these thresholds, we will cease to be a smaller reporting company as of the first day of the following fiscal year. Provisions in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our shares of Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of 
 42 

management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Provisions in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us or the target businesses with which we seek to engage in an initial business combination could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on Artemis in connection with redemptions by Artemis of its shares or its liquidation. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act became law, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including certain redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporations (each, a covered corporation ). The excise tax will apply to repurchases occurring in 2023 and beyond. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. The U.S. Department of Treasury has authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the excise tax. On December 27, 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued a notice that provides interim operating rules for the excise tax, including rules governing the calculation and reporting of the excise tax, 
 43 

on which taxpayers may rely until the forthcoming proposed Treasury regulations addressing the excise tax are published. Although such notice clarifies certain aspects of the excise tax, the interpretation and operation of other aspects of the excise tax remain unclear, and such interim operating rules are subject to change. Because Artemis is a Delaware corporation and its securities are trading on Nasdaq, it is expected that Artemis is a covered corporation for this purpose, and it is expected that Artemis will be subject to the excise tax with respect to any redemptions of Artemis Class A Common Stock in connection with the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination that are treated as repurchases for this purpose. The extent of the excise tax that may be incurred would depend on a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the excise tax, (ii) the fair market value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock in connection with the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of the equity issued, if any, by Artemis in connection with the Proposed Business Combination or another initial business combination, and (iv) the content of forthcoming regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Although issuances of stock by a repurchasing corporation in a year in which such corporation repurchases stock may reduce the amount of excise tax imposed with respect to such repurchase, absent the issuance of applicable guidance, it is not currently expected that this reduction would be available with respect to redemptions of Artemis Class A Common Stock by Artemis and, with respect to the Proposed Business Combination, the issuance of PubCo Shares by PubCo in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not the shareholders from which shares are repurchased, and only limited guidance on the mechanics of any required reporting and payment of the excise tax on which taxpayers may rely have been issued to date. The imposition of the excise tax could reduce the amount of cash available to Artemis for effecting the redemptions of Artemis Class A Common Stock, and could reduce the cash on hand for Artemis (and PubCo immediately following the Proposed Business Combination) to fund operations and to make distributions to shareholders. The failure of Silicon Valley Bank and recent turmoil in the banking industry may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. On March 10, 2023, the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation closed Silicon Valley Bank SVB and appointed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although depositors at SVB received access to their funds, uncertainty and liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry remain. Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. The U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments. However, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other needs of financial institutions for immediate liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. There is no guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions in a timely fashion or at all. While we do not believe Novibet would be directly affected, the ultimate outcome of these events, and whether further regulatory actions will be taken, cannot be predicted. The extent to which these events impact the completion of our business combination with Novibet, or our search for and completion of a business combination with another target business, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning similarly situated financial institutions. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could impact Novibet or another potential business target as they may face a material decline in favorable commercial terms or available funding. This may make it more challenging for us to find a suitable target and complete a business combination. Further, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by these events. 
 44 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Our executive offices are located at 3310 East Corona Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85040. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our Sponsor and we have agreed to pay such affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 45 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are traded on Nasdaq under the symbols ARTEU, ARTE and ARTEW, respectively. Holders As of March 1, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock and four holders of record of our warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings On January 5, 2021, we issued 4,312,500 founder shares to our Sponsor in consideration for our Sponsor paying certain offering and formation costs on behalf of the Company with a value of 25,000. On March 16, 2021, we effected a stock split of the founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares outstanding and held by our Sponsor. All share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split. On October 4, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, and as a result, 656,250 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, our Sponsor forfeited 1,618,434 founder shares and we sold 1,618,434 founder shares to certain anchor investors at the original purchase price of 0.006 per share. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). On October 4, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 20,125,000 units, including the issuance of 2,625,000 units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 201,250,000. Barclays Capital Inc. and BMO Capital Markets Corp. acted as the joint book-running managers of the offering. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021, as amended. The SEC declared the registration statement effective on September 29, 2021. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 10,000,000 warrants to our Sponsor and certain of the anchor investors at a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 10,000,000. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 46 

The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units sold in the initial public offering, except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by our Sponsor, the anchor investors or their respective permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by such holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants), (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. Of the gross proceeds received from the initial public offering and private placement of private placement warrants, 205,275,000 was placed in a trust account. We paid a total of 3,825,000 in underwriting fees and 894,595 for other costs and expenses related to the initial public offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer 7,043,750 in underwriting fees, which has since been waived following Barclays resignation and BMO s waiver. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-253092) filed with the SEC. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on January 4, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be successful. 
 47 

Proposed Business Combination with Novibet On March 30, 2022, the Company entered into the Business Combination Agreement, with Komisium, Novibet, PubCo and Merger Sub, which was subsequently amended on September 2, 2022, which provides for, among other things, (i) the Share Exchange and (ii) the Merger. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions set forth therein, immediately prior to the Effective Time, Komisium will sell and transfer all issued ordinary shares and other equity interests of Novibet to PubCo in consideration for receiving at closing of the Proposed Business Combination (a) the Closing Cash Consideration, (b) the Closing Share Consideration, and (c) in the event that redemptions by Artemis s public stockholders equal or exceed 85 of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, the Additional Closing Share Consideration. If redemptions by the Public Stockholders are less than 85 , the Additional Closing Share Consideration will be deferred and the Deferred Share Consideration will be issued upon the satisfaction of certain earnout conditions. In addition to the Closing Cash Consideration, Closing Share Consideration, Additional Closing Share Consideration (if any), and Deferred Share Consideration (if any), Komisium (i) will retain the 65,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares to which the Initial Share Premium relates, and (ii) may receive the Earnout Consideration upon the satisfaction of certain earnout conditions set forth in more detail in the Business Combination Agreement. Additionally, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions set forth therein, immediately prior to the Effective Time, (a) each share of Class B Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and will be automatically converted into one share of Class A Common Stock subject to the terms of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and the Sponsor Support Agreement, (b) each issued and outstanding share of Class A Common Stock (including the shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock, but not including any shares redeemed by the Public Stockholders and certain other excluded Company shares) shall no longer be outstanding and will be automatically converted into the right of the holder thereof to receive one PubCo Ordinary Share and (c) each outstanding whole warrant of the Company will be assumed by PubCo and will become exercisable for one PubCo Ordinary Share, on the same terms as the warrants of the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement. On September 2, 2022, Komisium, Novibet, PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, which among other things provided for (i) a closing share valuation of 500,000,000, with 12,254,902 PubCo Ordinary Shares issuable to Komisium at closing of the Proposed Business Combination if redemptions equal or exceed 85 , or if redemptions are less than 85 , then such PubCo Ordinary Shares would be deferred and issuable in subsequent years if certain earnout targets are met, (ii) a dual tranche earnout based on the achievement of certain net gaming revenue targets, (iii) clauses permitting Komisium to transfer up to 30 of the issued PubCo Ordinary Shares after the Closing, (iv) the payment of an amount of dividend declared prior to March 30, 2022 to Komisium up to the amount of 3,579,625, (v) the payment of the net profits generated by Novibet between signing and closing to Komisium, (vi) a minimum cash closing condition of 12.5 million after transaction expenses and redemptions, and (vii) clauses permitting the Company to cause the Sponsor to forfeit or transfer a portion of the Founder Shares to incentivize investors to acquire Public Shares and not redeem them. On December 14, 2022, Komisium, Novibet, PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, which among other things provided for (i) the change of Pubco s jurisdiction of incorporation from England and Wales to Jersey and (ii) clauses permitting Komisium to transfer up to 10 of the issued Novibet ordinary shares prior to the Closing Date. Novibet is a vertically-integrated online gambling operator offering a full suite of online gaming and sports betting products across desktop and mobile channels. The parties have ascribed Novibet a pre-business combination enterprise value of 500 million. The Proposed Business Combination is expected to close following the fulfillment of the closing conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. For more information about the Business Combination Agreement and the Proposed Business Combination, see the Registration Statement on Form F-4/A filed by PubCo on December 15, 2022 (the Registration Statement ). Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report does not give effect to the Proposed Business Combination and does not detail the risks associated with the Proposed Business Combination. Such risks and effects are set forth in the Registration Statement. 
 48 

Restatement of Third Quarter Form 10-Q As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed the Company on March 31, 2023, in connection with the preparation of its financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reevaluated the accounting for the waiver of the deferred underwriting fee by the underwriters of its initial public offering. The Company had recognized this waiver of fees as an extinguishment of the contingent liability, with a resulting non-operating gain recognized in its statement of operations, in Third Quarter 10-Q. Upon further review and analysis, the Company s management concluded that the Company should have recognized the extinguishment of the contingent liability as a credit to stockholder s deficit. On March 30, 2023, the Company s management and the Audit Committee concluded that the Company s previously issued unaudited interim financial statements included in the Third Quarter 10-Q should no longer be relied upon and that it is appropriate to restate the Third Quarter 10-K. This Form 10-K contains (i) the Company s audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and (ii) restated statement of operations, statement of changes in stockholder s deficit, and statement of cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022. See Part II, Item 7, Note 2 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for a detailed discussion of the effect of the restatement on the previously issued financial statements as of and for the period ended September 30, 2022. Further, the Company s management has considered the effect of the foregoing on the Company s prior conclusions of the adequacy of its internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2022. As a result of the error, management has determined that a material weakness existed in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of the December 30, 2022. See Part II Item 9A Controls and Procedures within this Form 10-K for a description of these matters. 
 49 

Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying and evaluating a target company for an initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account. We will incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 3,479,590, which consisted of 6,469,453 of operating costs, offset by non-cash gains of 7,144,256 related to change in fair value of warrant liabilities, derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable of 326,138 and interest income of 3,070,568. For the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 312,118, which consisted of formation and operating costs, change in fair value of warrant liabilities, interest earned on marketable securities in trust account, and transaction costs related to warrant issuances. Liquidity and Capital Resources On October 4, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,125,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 2,625,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 201,250,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 8,000,000 Sponsor Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Sponsor Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. The Company also consummated the sale of 2,000,000 Anchor Investor Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Anchor Investor Warrant in a private placement to certain Institutional Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds of 2,000,000. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 4, 2021, an amount of 205,275,000 10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred transaction costs totaling 25,559,771, consisting of 3,825,000 of underwriting fees, 7,043,750 of deferred underwriting commissions, 13,796,426 of offering costs related to the fair value of the Founder Shares issued to certain Institutional Anchor Investors and 894,595 of other offering costs. Effective as of July 14, 2022, Barclays resigned and withdrew from its role as financial advisor and capital markets advisor to the Company and waived its entitlement to all fees in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, including its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of approximately 4,578,438. Effective as of July 20, 2022, BMO waived its entitlement to its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of approximately 2,465,312. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. 
 50 

The Company s management plans to continue its efforts to complete an initial business combination within 21 months of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or July 4, 2023. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through July 4, 2023. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be unable to raise additional capital. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 903,711. Net income of 3,479,590 was affected by non-cash gains of 7,144,256 related to changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities, derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable of 326,138, interest income of 3,070,568 and changes in operating assets and liabilities. For the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 594,984. Net income of 312,118 was affected by noncash losses of 1,739,419 related to changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities, offering costs allocated to warrant liabilities of 1,154,518, interest income of 9,883 and changes in operating assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 160,940 and investments of 208,244,129 held in the Trust Account. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes paid) to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, administrative and support services. We began incurring these fees on September 30, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the initial business combination and our liquidation. 
 51 

The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of an initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Proposed Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account (initially 10.20 per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of an initial business combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of an initial business combination with respect to the Company s warrants. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Management does not believe the Company has any critical accounting estimates. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of December 31, 2022, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation was not effectively designed or maintained. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 
 52 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from out independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 53 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers Our officers and directors are as follows: NAME AGE POSITION Holly Gagnon 59 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson Philip Kaplan 56 Co-Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas Granite 47 Chief Financial Officer Scott Shulak 36 Senior Vice President, Acquisition and Accounting Matthew Anfinson 43 Director Rodney Butler 46 Director Anna Massion 44 Director Andro Nodarse-Le n 46 Director Leonard Wanger 57 Director Holly Gagnon has served as our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson since inception. Ms. Gagnon serves as President of HGC Hospitality Gaming Consulting LLC. From 2017 to 2020, Ms. Gagnon served as Chief Executive Officer of Seneca Gaming Corporation, which manages the gaming operations of the Seneca Nation of Indians. Prior to this, she served as Chief Executive Officer for Chumash Enterprises for the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians from 2015 to 2017. Before joining Chumash Enterprises, Ms. Gagnon served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Pearl River Resort from 2012 to 2015 and, prior to this, in a number of key financial and operational roles with Caesars Entertainment Corporation, MGM Resorts International and Harrah s Entertainment Inc. Ms. Gagnon serves as a board member of Bragg Gaming Group Inc. In addition, she is a founding board member of Global Gaming Women Charitable Education Fund and a Distinguished Fellow for the International Gaming Institute at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. Ms. Gagnon holds a B.S. in Accounting from Bentley University in Massachusetts and an MBA from Chaminade University of Honolulu. Ms. Gagnon s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include her significant leadership experience in the gaming industry. Philip Kaplan has served as our Co-Chief Executive Officer and President since inception. In addition, Mr. Kaplan serves as the Executive Chairman of Velocity Esports, Inc. since 2021, which operates entertainment venues focusing on video gaming. From 2018 to 2021, Mr. Kaplan was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GameWorks, Inc., which operates a chain of entertainment venues focusing on video gaming, and as Managing Partner of April Mountain Properties, LLC since 2013. From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Kaplan was the Chief Executive Officer and board member at dbtech, a private equity-held provider of healthcare workflow automation solutions. Mr. Kaplan served as Chief Operating Officer and board member of Quality Systems, Inc. from 2008 to 2010 and as President, Chief Operating Officer and board member at VitalStream Holdings, Inc. from 2000 to 2008. Mr. Kaplan holds a B.A. in Economics from University of California, Davis. Thomas Granite has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since inception. In addition, Mr. Granite serves as Chief Executive Officer of Azoria Foods. From 2019 to 2020, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Maverick Gaming LLC, a casino operator. Prior to this, Mr. Granite worked at Jefferies Financial Group from 2010 to 2019, most recently serving as Managing Director in the Real Estate, Gaming and Lodging Investment Banking group, where he worked with clients across the gaming industry, and served at Merrill Lynch as Director of Gaming, Leisure, and Transportation Investment Banking from 2005 to 2009. Mr. Granite holds a B.A. in Art History from Bucknell University and an MBA from Columbia Business School. Scott Shulak has served as our Senior Vice President since inception. In addition, Mr. Shulak serves as Vice President of Financial Accounting and Reporting at PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc, which develops and operates online and mobile social gaming applications. From 2019 to 2020, he served as Senior Vice President Corporate Accounting at Maverick Gaming LLC. Prior to this, Mr. Shulak served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer at Cannae Holdings, Inc. from 2018 to 2019 and as auditor at Deloitte Touche from 2012 to 2018. Prior to joining Deloitte Touche, Mr. Shulak was an auditor with KPMG from 2010 to 2012. Mr. Shulak is a licensed certified public accountant and holds a B.S. in Finance and Accounting from Florida State University. 
 54 

Matthew Anfinson has served on our board of directors since October 2021. Mr. Anfinson serves as the Chief Executive Officer and serves on the board of directors of Great Canadian Gaming Corporation, the largest gaming company in Canada. Prior to this, Mr. Anfinson held various operational, finance and marketing roles during a 15-year career at Caesars Entertainment Corporation, most recently as Corporate Senior Vice President of Operations from 2016 to 2019. Mr. Anfinson holds a B.A. in Finance from Wartburg College and an MBA from the Tippie School of Management at University of Iowa. Mr. Anfinson s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his extensive experience in the operations finance, marketing and development within the gaming market. Rodney Butler has served on our board of directors since October 2021. Mr. Butler serves as the Chairman of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation, a position he has held since 2010. Simultaneously, he served as the Interim Chief Executive Officer for Foxwoods Resort Casino from June 2018 to August 2019. Mr. Butler was also the Chairman of the Tribal Business Advisory Board, an executive body responsible for overseeing non-gaming businesses and commercial properties of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation from 2001 to 2004. Mr. Butler serves on the board of trustees for Roger Williams University and as a member of the board of directors for the Mystic Aquarium. Mr. Butler holds a B.S. in Finance from the University of Connecticut. Mr. Butler s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his significant experience in the gaming industry, along with extensive experience in government relations at both the state and national level. Anna Massion has served on our board of directors since October 2021. Ms. Massion currently serves as Independent Non-Executive Director at Playtech plc, a gambling software development company, PlayAGS, Inc., a company that develops and manufactures casino games, systems and technology, BetMakers Technology Group, a wagering technology and data provider for the business-to-business wagering market and Gaming Realms plc, a B2B developer, licensor, and distributor of mobile based real money and social gaming content. From 2014 to 2019, she served as Senior Analyst at PAR Capital Management Inc. Prior to this, Ms. Massion served as Director of Gaming, Lodging and Leisure Research at Hedgeye Risk Management, LLC from 2008 to 2014 and as Vice President and Senior Research Analyst at Marathon Asset Management in 2008. Ms. Massion holds a B.S in Finance and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Massion s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include her extensive professional experience as an investment and finance professional with deep experience in the gaming and hospitality sectors. Andro Nodarse-Leon has served on our board of directors since October 2021. Mr. Nodarse-Le n currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of LionGrove LLC, a hospitality investment firm that he founded in 2018. From 2005 to 2018, Mr. Nodarse-Le n served as the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Leon, Mayer Co., a private equity and investment banking firm that he co-founded in 2005. From 2012 to 2018, Mr. Nodarse-Le n co-founded Endeavor Schools, where he led financing efforts, investment activities, operational oversight and optimization. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Nodarse-Leon worked at KKR where he focused on the acquisition hospitality, media, entertainment and consumer products companies. Mr. Nodarse-Le n began his career in investment banking at Goldman Sachs Co. advising media and entertainment companies. Mr. Nodarse-Le n holds a B.S. in Economics and a B.S.E. in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Nodarse-Le n s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his significant professional investment experience with acquisition and financing transactions across multiple sectors, including hospitality and entertainment. Leonard Wanger has served on our board of directors since October 2021. Mr. Wanger currently serves as a Managing Partner at Deer Valley Ventures, LLC, a financing firm. He is also President of Velocity Esports, Inc. and previously served as the Chief Technology Manager at Impossible Objects, Inc., an industrial 3D printer manufacturer, from 2017 to 2022 and as a technology sector analyst and portfolio manager of the William Harris Technology Fund, an equity hedge fund he founded, from 2002 to 2013. Prior to this, Mr. Wanger founded or co-founded several technology companies. He serves as a director of the Acorn Foundation, as a member of the Museum of Science and Industry Presidents Counsel and as an advisor to the Fab Foundation. Mr. Wanger holds a B.S. in Computer Science from University of Iowa and an M.S. in Computer Graphics from Cornell University. Mr. Wanger s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his extensive experience as an investor and advisor with both private and public companies. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of six members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Anfinson and Mr. Butler, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Ms. Massion and Mr. Nodarse-Le n, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of 
 55 

office of the third class of directors, consisting of Ms. Gagnon and Mr. Wanger, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. Our board of directors has determined that five are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, namely Matthew Anfinson, Rodney Butler, Anna Massion, Andro Nodarse-Le n, and Leonard Wanger. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Anfinson, Ms. Massion and Mr. Nodarse-Le n serve as members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Mr. Anfinson, Ms. Massion and Mr. Nodarse-Le n meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Ms. Massion serves as the chairperson of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. Massion qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 
 56 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the initial public offering; and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing stockholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Mr. Anfinson, Mr. Butler and Mr. Wanger serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Mr. Anfinson, Mr. Butler and Mr. Wanger are independent and Mr. Butler chairs the compensation committee. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Co-Chief Executive Officers compensation, evaluating our Co-Chief Executive Officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Co-Chief Executive Officers based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by our board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors participating in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Mr. Isaacs and Mr. Breitling. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 
 57 

The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees Code of Ethics that complies with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. We have previously filed copies of our form of Code of Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement in connection with our initial public offering. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, we undertake to provide a copy of the Code of Ethics without charge upon request from us. You may request a copy of the Code of Ethics by mail at 3310 East Corona Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85040. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Members of our management team do not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our initial stockholders purchased founder shares prior to the date of Annual Report on Form 10-K and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. Our initial stockholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our initial stockholders with respect to any public shares acquired by them. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame or any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the 
 58 

date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lockup. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own common stock or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, our officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating an initial business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. 
 The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to our Company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

 59 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations. INDIVIDUAL ENTITY ENTITY S BUSINESS AFFILIATION Holly Gagnon GameWorks, Inc. Video gaming and entertainment Director Bragg Gaming Group Inc. Gaming technology and content Non-executive Director Philip Kaplan Velocity Esports, Inc. April Mountain Properties, LLC Video gaming and entertainment Real Estate Executive Chairman Managing Partner Thomas Granite Azoria Foods Dining and hospitality Chief Executive Officer Scott Shulak PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. Mobile games Vice President, Financial Accounting and Reporting Matthew Anfinson Great Canadian Gaming Corp. Dining, entertainment and gambling Chief Executive Officer and Director Rodney Butler Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation Dining, hospitality, entertainment and gambling Chairman Anna Massion Playtech plc Gambling software development Director PlayAGS, Inc. Manufacturer of casino games, systems and technology Director Gaming Realms plc Mobile games Director BetMakers Technology Group Gambling technology and data provider Director Andro Nodarse-Le n LionGrove LLC Hospitality investment Chief Executive Officer Leonard Wanger Impossible Objects, Inc. Industrial 3D printer manufacturer Director of Engineering GameWorks, Inc. Video gaming and entertainment Director Velocity Esports, Inc. Video gaming and entertainment Director and President Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our officers or directors. Novibet is not affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination and instead seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, our officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares or private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 
 60 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Except with respect to any public shares they may acquire in our initial public offering or thereafter (in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination), our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification. Item 11. Executive Compensation. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. From September 30, 2021 through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 61 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 1, 2023 by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; each of our executive officers and directors; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Form 10-K. 
 62 

The beneficial ownership of our common stock is based on 25,156,250 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 1, consisting of 20,125,000 shares of Class A common stock and 5,031,250 shares of Class B common stock. 

APPROXIMATE PERCENTAGE NUMBER OF OF SHARES OUTSTANDING BENEFICIALLY COMMON NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (1) OWNED (2) STOCK Directors, Executive Officers and Founders Artemis Sponsor, LLC (our Sponsor) (3) 3,412,816 13.6 Holly Gagnon (3) 1,706,408 6.8 Philip Kaplan (3) 1,706,408 6.8 Thomas Granite Scott Shulak Matthew Anfinson Rodney Butler Anna Massion Andro Nodarse- Le n Leonard Wanger All executive officers and directors and director nominees as a group (nine individuals) 3,412,816 13.6 5 Holders Artemis Sponsor, LLC (3) 3,412,816 13.6 Atlas Diversified Master Fund, Ltd. (4) 1,550,000 6.2 Citadel Advisors LLC (5) 1,621,525 6.4 HCG Investment Management Inc. (6) 1,275,000 5.1 NewGen Asset Management Limited (7) 1,599,600 6.4 Polar Asset Management Inc. (8) 1,129,990 4.5 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (9) 978,818 3.9 Tenor Capital Management, L.P. (10) 1,600,000 6.4 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (11) 1,496,653 6.0 

 (1) The principal business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation, 3310 East Corona Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85040. (2) Interests shown consist of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) Represents shares held by Artemis Sponsor, LLC, our Sponsor. Ms. Gagnon and Mr. Kaplan are the managing members of Artemis Sponsor, LLC. Ms. Gagnon and Mr. Kaplan have voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by Artemis Sponsor, LLC. Each of our officers and directors other than Ms. Gagnon and Mr. Kaplan disclaims any beneficial ownership of any shares held by Artemis Sponsor, LLC. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. (4) Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Atlas Diversified Master Fund, Ltd. ADMF ). Balyasny Asset Management L.P. is the investment manager of ADMF. Dimitry Balyasny is the portfolio manager of Balyasny Asset Management L.P. and has voting and investment control over the shares held by ADMF and may be deemed to beneficially own the shares beneficially owned by ADMF. The business address of each of ADMF, Balyasny Asset Management L.P., and Dimitry Balyasny is 444 W. Lake Street, 50th Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. (5) Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Citadel Advisors LLC Citadel Advisors ), Citadel Advisors Holdings LP CAH ), Citadel GP LLC CGP ), Citadel Securities LLC Citadel Securities ), Citadel Securities Group LP CALC4 ), Citadel Securities GP LLC CSGP and Mr. Kenneth Griffin, with respect to the Artemis Class A Common Stock owned by Citadel Multi-Strategy Equities Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company CM ), and Citadel Securities. Such owned Artemis Class A Common Stock may include other instruments exercisable for or 
 63 

convertible into Artemis Class A Common Stock. Citadel Advisors is the portfolio manager of CEMF. CAH is the sole member of Citadel Advisors. CGP is the general partner of CAH. CALC4 is the non-member manager of Citadel Securities. CSGP is the general partner of CALC4. Mr. Griffin is the President and Chief Executive Officer of CGP, and owns a controlling interest in CGP and CSGP. This disclosure shall not be construed as an admission that Mr. Griffin or any of the Citadel related entities listed above is the beneficial owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities actually owned by such person (if any). The business address of Citadel Advisors, CAH, CGP, Citadel Securities, CALC4, CSGP, CEMF and Mr. Griffin is Southeast Financial Center, 200 S. Biscayne Blvd., Suite 3300, Miami, Florida 33131. (6) Information derived from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022. HCG Investment Management Inc. has sole voting and dispositive control over the Artemis Class A Common Stock held by it. The business address of HCG is 1073 Yonge Street, 2nd Floor, Toronto, Ontario M4W 2L2, Canada. (7) Information derived from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021 on behalf of NewGen Asset Management Limited (the Investment Manager ), NewGen Holdco Limited (the Holdco ), and NewGen Equity Long/Short Fund (the Fund ). The Fund is an investment vehicle. The Investment Manager is the investment manager of the Fund and a separately managed account (the SMA ). The Fund and the SMA directly beneficially own the Artemis Class A Common Stock. Holdco is the owner of the Investment Manager. The Investment Manager and Holdco may be deemed to beneficially own the Artemis Class A Common Stock directly beneficially owned by the Fund and the SMA. Each of the Investment Manager, the Holdco and the Fund disclaims beneficial ownership with respect to any shares other than the Artemis Class A Common Stock directly beneficially owned by it. The principal business address for each of the Investment Manager, the Holdco and the Fund is Commerce Court North, Suite 2900, 25 King Street West, Box 405, Toronto, Ontario M5L 1G3, Canada. (8) Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar ). Polar serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF with respect to the Artemis Class A Common Stock directly held by PMSMF. The address of the business office of the Polar is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. (9) Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on behalf of Saba Capital Management L.P. Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC Saba GP ), and Boaz R. Weinstein. Each of Saba Capital, Saba GP, and Mr. Weinstein may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the reported shares. The principal business address for each of Saba Capital, Saba GP, and Mr. Weinstein is 405 Lexington Ave, 58 th Floor, New York, NY 10174. (10) Information derived from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 6, 2021 on behalf of Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P. Tenor Capital ), Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. Tenor Opportunity and Robin Shah. Each of Tenor Capital, Tenor Opportunity and Mr. Shah may be deemed the beneficial owner of 1,475,000 shares of the Artemis Class A Common Stock. The principal business address for each of Tenor Capital, Tenor Opportunity and Mr. Shah is 810 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1905, New York, New York 10019. (11) Information derived from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on behalf of Fir Tree Capital Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership Fir Tree ). Fir Tree has sole voting and dispositive power over 1,496,653 shares of the Artemis Class A Common Stock. The principal business address for Fir Tree is 500 5th Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10110. 
 64 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Founder Shares On January 5, 2021, the Company issued 4,312,500 Founder Shares to the Sponsor in consideration for the Sponsor paying certain offering and formation costs on behalf of the Company with a value of 25,000. On March 16, 2021, the Company effected a stock split of the Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of 5,031,250 Founder Shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor. All share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split. Simultaneously with the closing the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor forfeited 1,618,434 Founder Shares and the Company sold 1,618,434 Founder Shares to certain Institutional Anchor Investors at the original purchase price of 0.006 per share. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of an initial business combination; and (B) subsequent to an initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of the Public Shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial business combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their Public Shares for cash, securities or other property. In connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 1,618,434 Founder Shares to the Institutional Anchor Investors at their original purchase price. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of these Founder Shares attributable to the Institutional Anchor Investors to be 13,796,426, or 8.54 per share. The fair value of the Founder Shares were valued using a binomial/lattice model. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares over cost was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Related Party Loans On January 5, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of January 5, 2023 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Note of 162,892 was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Note is no longer available. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of an initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. As of December 31, 2022, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on September 30, 2021, to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Proposed Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. We recognized an aggregate of 120,000 in expenses incurred in connection with the aforementioned arrangements with the related parties on our Statements of Operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Registration Rights Agreement Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on September 29, 2021, the holders of the Sponsor Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and any shares of Artemis 
 65 

Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Sponsor Shares) will be entitled to registration rights, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Sponsor Shares, only after conversion to shares of Artemis Class A Common Stock). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that Artemis register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a business combination and rights to require Artemis to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Artemis will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement Prior to Barclays resignation and Barclays and BMO s waivers of fees, the underwriters of Artemis s IPO were entitled to deferred underwriting fee commissions approximately 7,043,750 in the aggregate. The deferred underwriting commissions were payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that Artemis completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account in the event Artemis does not complete a business combination within the prescribed time period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. Effective as of July 14, 2022, Barclays resigned and withdrew from its role as financial and capital markets advisor to Artemis and waived its entitlement to all fees in connection with the Business Combination, including its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions. Effective as of July 20, 2022, BMO, one of the underwriters in the IPO, waived its entitlement to its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the IPO. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. Our board of directors has determined that five are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, namely Matthew Anfinson, Rodney Butler, Anna Massion, Andro Nodarse-Le n, and Leonard Wanger. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 66 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC required filings with the SEC for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering totaled 126,895. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC required filings with the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 94,380. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any audit-related fees. Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. During the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC totaled 7,500. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC totaled 5,720. All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any other fees. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 67 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 1. Financial Statements. Reference is made to the Index to the Financial Statements of Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation included in Item 8 of Part II above. 2. All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements or notes thereto. 3. We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 
 68 

ARTEMIS STRATEGIC INVESTMENT CORPORATION INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 
 F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Emphasis of Matter - Restatement of Unaudited Interim Financial Statements As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company previously accounted for its deferred underwriting fee waiver as a forgiveness of debt and recorded a gain on its statements of operations. Management has since re-evaluated its accounting treatment for the forgiveness and has determined that the forgiveness should have been treated as a credit to stockholders deficit. Accordingly, the 2022 unaudited interim financial statements have been restated within Note 2 to correct the accounting and related disclosure for the forgiveness of the deferred underwriting fee. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by July 4, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 F-2 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 31, 2023 PCAOB Number 100 
 F-3 

ARTEMIS STRATEGIC INVESTMENT CORPORATION BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Investments held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total Current Liabilities Derivative warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Class A common stock; shares subject to possible redemption at and per share at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Stockholders Deficit Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Class A common stock subject to redemption, and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

ARTEMIS STRATEGIC INVESTMENT CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period For the Year from January 4, 2021 Ended (Inception) Through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Formation and general and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense) Interest earned on investments held in trust account Gain from recognition of deferred underwriting fee payable Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Total other income Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding, basic diluted Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock 0.03 Weighted average shares of Class B common stock outstanding, basic diluted Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

ARTEMIS STRATEGIC INVESTMENT CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 4, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Additional Total Class B Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount Net income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) 

Additional Total Class B Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance January 4, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor Forfeiture of Class B common stock from Sponsor ) ) Sale of Class B common stock to Institutional Anchor Investors Excess cash received over the fair value of the private warrants Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount ) ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

ARTEMIS STRATEGIC INVESTMENT CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from January 4, 2021 For the (Inception) Year Ended Through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on investments held in trust account ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Gain from derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable ) Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities Formation and operating costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B Common Stock Formation and operating costs paid by promissory note Adjustments to operating assets and liabilities: Decrease (Increase) in prepaid expenses ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Investment of cash in Trust Account ) Proceeds from Trust Account to pay for taxes Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to anchor investors Proceeds from promissory note related party Payment of promissory note related party ) Payments for offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B Common Stock Offering costs paid by promissory note Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering Offering costs included in accrued expenses Derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable allocated to Class A common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-7 

ARTEMIS STRATEGIC INVESTMENT CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity since inception relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering or IPO ), and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target business to complete a Business Combination with, as well as activities in connection with the Proposed Business Combination which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. Prior to the consummation of the IPO, on January 5, 2021, Artemis Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor purchased shares of Class B common stock, par value per share Founder Shares or Class B Common Stock ), for an aggregate purchase price of , or per share. On March 16, 2021, Artemis effected a stock split of the Class B Common Stock, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding and held by the Sponsor. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the IPO would be a maximum of units if the underwriters option to purchase additional units was exercised in full, and therefore, that such Founder Shares would represent of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the IPO. On October 4, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units ), including the issuance Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Each Unit issued in the IPO consists of share of Class A common stock, par value per share (the Public Shares or Class A Common Stock and one -half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ). As a result of the exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in full, shares of Class B Common Stock were no longer subject to forfeiture. Certain institutional anchor investors (the Institutional Anchor Investors that are not affiliated with the Company, the Sponsor or the Company s officers, directors, and certain members of the Company s management purchased an aggregate of Units. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . In addition to and as part of the Initial Public Offering, certain entities affiliated with the Sponsor, purchased an aggregate of Units at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Sponsor Warrants at a price of per Sponsor Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. The Company also consummated the sale of warrants (the Anchor Investor Warrants , together with the Sponsor Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Anchor Investor Warrant in a private placement to certain Institutional Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares and the Company sold Founder Shares to certain Institutional Anchor Investors at the original purchase price of per share. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided in the Company s final prospectus, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 1, 2021 Final Prospectus ). Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting commissions, of offering costs related to the fair value of the Founder Shares issued to certain Institutional Anchor Investors and of other offering costs. Effective as of July 14, 2022, Barclays Capital Inc. Barclays resigned and withdrew from its role as financial advisor and capital markets advisor to the Company and waived its entitlement to all fees in 
 F-8 

. Effective as of July 20, 2022, BMO Capital Markets Corp. BMO waived its entitlement to its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions in the amount of approximately . Offering costs related to the Founder Shares amounted to , of which were charged to stockholders equity/(deficit) upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were expensed to the statements of operations and included in transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination. The Company must complete its initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to effect a Business Combination successfully. The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve a Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company will be required to seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If the Company conducts redemptions of the Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules in conjunction with a stockholder meeting instead of pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s third amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation provides that, a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions , which prior to the resignation of Barclays and waiver of fees by BMO, was to be paid to the underwriters upon the completion of the Business Combination, but has been waived following their resignation and waiver, respectively. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These Public Shares are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. If the Company is unable to conduct redemptions pursuant to the proxy solicitation rules as described above, the Company will, pursuant to its Certificate of Incorporation, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 
 F-9 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the price per Unit . On March 30, 2022, the Company executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination, described in the section titled Proposed Business Combination with Novibet , which has extended the mandatory liquidation date to 21 months or July 4, 2023. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its stockholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 F-10 

of its Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period), see Note 5. Proposed Business Combination with Novibet On March 28, 2022, the board of directors of Artemis unanimously approved the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 30, 2022, and amended on September 2, 2022 (as the same may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Komisium Limited, a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Cyprus and the holder of all of the issued ordinary shares of Novibet and all of the issued and outstanding PubCo Ordinary Shares Komisium ), Logflex MT Holding Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Malta with company registration number C 77769 and having its registered office at 170, Pater House, Level 1 (Suite A191), Psaila Street, Birkirkara, BKR 9077, Malta and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Komisium Novibet ), Novibet PLC, a United Kingdom public limited company, and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Komisium PubCo ), Novibet Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub ), and Artemis, which provides for, among other things, (i) the sale and transfer by Komisium of all issued ordinary shares and other equity interests of Novibet to PubCo in exchange for the consideration hereafter described (the Share Exchange ), and (ii) the merger of Merger Sub with and into Artemis, with Artemis surviving and continuing as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (the Merger and, together with the Share Exchange and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement to be effective upon consummation of the Merger, the Proposed Business Combination ). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions set forth therein, immediately prior to the Effective Time, Komisium will sell and transfer all issued ordinary shares and other equity interests of Novibet to PubCo in consideration for receiving at closing of the Proposed Business Combination (a) an amount of cash, which will not exceed million, equal to the excess of the Gross Closing Proceeds (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) over million (the Closing Cash Consideration ), (b) a number of ordinary shares of PubCo (the PubCo Ordinary Shares and such number of shares, the Closing Share Consideration equal to (i) (x) million minus the initial share premium of Initial Share Premium minus the Closing Cash Consideration actually paid to Komisium, the difference divided by (y) , minus (ii) the Additional Closing Share Consideration (if any), and (c) in the event that redemptions by Public Stockholders equal or exceed of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, an additional PubCo Ordinary Shares (the Additional Closing Share Consideration ). If redemptions by the Public Stockholders are less than , the Additional Closing Share Consideration will be deferred and PubCo Ordinary Shares (the Deferred Share Consideration will be issued upon the satisfaction of certain earnout conditions. In addition to the Closing Cash Consideration, Closing Share Consideration, Additional Closing Share Consideration (if any), and Deferred Share Consideration (if any), Komisium (i) will retain the PubCo Ordinary Shares to which the Initial Share Premium relates, and (ii) may receive up to an additional PubCo Ordinary Shares in earnout consideration (the Earnout Consideration upon the satisfaction of certain earnout conditions set forth in more detail in the Business Combination Agreement. Additionally, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions set forth therein, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), (a) each issued and outstanding share of Class B Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and will be automatically converted into share of Class A Common Stock subject to the terms of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and the Sponsor Support Agreement, (b) each issued and outstanding share of Class A Common Stock (including the shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock, but not including any shares redeemed by the Public Stockholders and certain other excluded Company shares) shall no longer be outstanding and will be automatically converted into the right of the holder thereof to receive PubCo Ordinary Share and (c) each outstanding whole warrant of the Company will be assumed by PubCo and will become exercisable for PubCo Ordinary Share, on the same terms as the warrants of the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement dated as of September 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement ). 
 F-11 

, with PubCo Ordinary Shares issuable to Komisium at closing of the Proposed Business Combination if redemptions equal or exceed , or if redemptions are less than , then such PubCo Ordinary Shares would be deferred and issuable in subsequent years if certain earnout targets are met, (ii) a dual tranche earnout based on the achievement of certain net gaming revenue targets, (iii) clauses permitting Komisium to transfer up to of the issued PubCo Ordinary Shares after the Closing, (iv) the payment of an amount of dividend declared prior to March 30, 2022 to Komisium up to the amount of , (v) the payment of the net profits generated by Novibet between signing and closing to Komisium, and (vi) a minimum cash closing condition of million after transaction expenses and redemptions. On December 14, 2022, Komisium, Novibet, PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, which among other things provided for (i) the change of Pubco s jurisdiction of incorporation from England and Wales to Jersey and (ii) clauses permitting Komisium to transfer up to of the issued Novibet ordinary shares prior to the Closing Date. In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, Novibet and the Company entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement on March 30, 2022 (the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed, among other things, to vote to adopt and approve the Business Combination Agreement and all other documents and transactions contemplated thereby, to vote against any business combination proposal other than the Proposed Business Combination or other proposals that would impede or frustrate the Proposed Business Combination, and to not change in any manner the dividend policy or capitalization of, including the voting rights of any class of capital stock of, the Company. Additionally, the Sponsor agreed not to redeem any shares of the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock held by it in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, and to waive the anti-dilution and conversion price adjustments set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to its Class B Common Stock. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination is subject to certain closing conditions and there is no assurance that the Proposed Business Combination will be completed. Liquidity and Going Concern Consideration As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in cash and a working capital deficit of . The Company s liquidity needs through December 31, 2022, were satisfied through a contribution of from Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (defined below, see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. The Company s management plans to continue its efforts to complete a Business Combination within 21 months of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or July 4, 2023. If the Company s funds are insufficient to meet the expenditures required for operating its business in the attempt to find a Business Combination or in the event that an initial Business Combination is not consummated, the Company will likely need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through July 4, 2023. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 F-12 

Other income (expenses): Gain from derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable ) Total other income (expenses) ) Net income ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding - Class A common stock Basic and diluted earnings per share - Class A common stock ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding - Class B common stock Basic and diluted earnings per share - Class B common stock 
 F-13 

Other income (expenses): Gain from derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable ) Total other income (expenses) ) Net income ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding - Class A common stock Basic and diluted earnings per share - Class A common stock ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding - Class B common stock Basic and diluted earnings per share - Class B common stock Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit: (unaudited) 

Class B Common Additional Accumulated Deficit Total Stock Paid-In As Previously Restatement Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Reported Adjustment As Restated Deficit Balance June 30, 2022 ) ) ) Adjustment for accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount ) Net income ) Balance September 30, 2022 ) ) ) Statement of Cash Flows: 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 (unaudited) As Previously Restatement Reported Adjustment As Restated Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Gain from derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable ) ) Net change in cash ) ) Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: Gain from derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable allocated to Class A common stock 
 F-14 

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 F-15 

shares of Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Proposed Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation. In accordance with ASC 480, conditionally redeemable Class A Common Stock (including Class A Common Stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its Certificate of Incorporation provides that currently, the Company will not redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption at the redemption amount were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. of deferred income tax assets and at December 31, 2021, the Company s deferred income tax assets are deemed to be de minimis. ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 F-16 

Denominator: Weighted Average Class A Common Stock, Basic and Diluted Net income per share, Class A, basic and diluted Class B Common Stock Numerator: Net income allocable to Class B common stock Denominator: Weighted Average Class B Common Stock, Basic and Diluted Net income per share, Class B, basic and diluted (including deferred underwriting commissions of an aggregate of approximately which, prior to the resignation of Barclays and waiver of fees by BMO, was to be paid to the underwriters of the IPO upon the completion of the Business Combination, but has been waived following their resignation and waiver, respectively).Of this amount, was charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, was charged to temporary equity, and was expensed due to allocating certain offering costs to the warrant liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company charged an additional of deferred underwriting fees to temporary equity. 
 F-17 

Units , including the Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Public Share and one -half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Public Share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant, generating total proceeds of to the Company. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the Private Placement, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants to certain Institutional Anchor Investors for at a price of per warrant, generating total proceeds of to the Company. Each Private Placement Warrant is identical to the Public Warrants in material terms and provisions, except that the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable (except as described below in Note 7 under Redemption of Warrants for Class A Common Stock and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Founder Shares to the Sponsor in consideration for the Sponsor paying certain offering and formation costs on behalf of the Company with a value of . On March 16, 2021, the Company effected a stock split of the Founder Shares, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor. All share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split. Simultaneously with the closing the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares and the Company sold Founder Shares to certain Institutional Anchor Investors at the original purchase price of per share. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Public Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their Public Shares for cash, securities or other property. In connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering the Sponsor sold an aggregate of Founder Shares to the Institutional Anchor Investors at their original purchase price. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of these Founder Shares attributable to the Institutional Anchor Investors to be , or per share. The fair value of the Founder Shares were valued using a binomial/lattice model. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares over cost was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. 
 F-18 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of January 5, 2023 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Note of was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering . The Note is no longer available. Related Party Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on September 30, 2021, to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Proposed Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company incurred and paid and in accordance with the terms of the agreement, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (Inception) to December 31 2021, respectively. 
 F-19 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters, prior to their respective resignation and waiver of fees, were entitled to deferred underwriting commissions of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred underwriting commissions were expected to become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, dated September 29, 2021, among Barclays, BMO and the Company. On July 14, 2022, Barclays delivered to the Company a notice of resignation of its roles as financial and capital markets advisor to the Company in connection with the Business Combination and waived all rights to fees (including deferred underwriting commissions for services rendered as one of the underwriters in the Company s IPO) and reimbursement of expenses in connection with the Business Combination. On July 20, 2022, BMO, one of the underwriters in the IPO, delivered to the Company a notice that BMO waived all rights to its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the IPO. BMO had no role in connection with the Business Combination. As a result of the Barclays resignation letter and BMO s waiver notice, the Company recorded a gain on derecognition of deferred underwriting fees payable of within the accompanying statements of operations. warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant is recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The warrants will become exercisable after the completion of a Business Combination provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 F-20 

warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares of Class A Common Stock to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such warrant exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock until the warrants expire, as specified in the Warrant Agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the Class A Common Stock under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Redemption of Public Warrants for Cash The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported closing price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 Redemption of Warrants for Class A Common Stock The Company may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined as set out in the Warrant Agreement, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A Common Stock except as otherwise described below; if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; if, and only if, the Private Placement Warrants are also concurrently exchanged at the same price (equal to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock) as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above; and 
 F-21 

-day period after written notice of redemption is given. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption for cash, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis , as described in the Warrant Agreement. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrants. If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. If (x) the Company issues additional common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A Common Stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. shares of Class A Common Stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity in the balance sheets. The Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption reflected on the balance sheets is reconciled in the following table: Less: Fair Value of Public Warrants at Issuance ) Offering Costs allocated to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption ) Plus: Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount, ) Derecognition of deferred underwriting fee payable allocated to Class A common stock Additional offering cost related to deferred underwriting fees ) Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 shares of par value preferred shares. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share. Holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 
 F-22 

shares of Class A Common Stock issued or outstanding, excluding shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption. Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class B Common Stock, par value per share. Holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 4, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares and the Company sold Founder Shares to certain Institutional Anchor Investors at the original purchase price of per share. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Company s initial business combination on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided in the Final Prospectus. Holders of the Class A Common Stock and holders of the Founder Shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Founder Shares have the right to vote on the election of the Company s directors prior to the initial Business Combination and holders of a majority of the Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A Common Stock at the time of a Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of Class A Common Stock issued in the Offering (including any shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option) plus (ii) the sum of (i) all shares of Class A Common Stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination (including any shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to a forward purchase agreement), excluding any shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities or rights issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or any member of management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and any warrants issued pursuant to a forward purchase agreement, minus (ii) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock redeemed in connection with a Business Combination, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares shall never be less than one-to-one. The Company may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete its Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of its Business Combination. of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and did not have any significant deferred tax assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2021. The Company s net deferred tax assets are as follows: Total deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 F-23 

The income tax provision consists of the following: Deferred ) ) State: Current Deferred Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision As of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any material U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively. A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is as follows: Tax effects of change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) Gain on deferred underwriting ) Net operating loss Tax effects of transaction costs allocated to warrant liability Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. Liabilities: Warrant liability Public Warrants 1 Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 2 
 F-24 

Liabilities: Warrant liability Public Warrants 1 Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 2 Warrants The warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the Balance Sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within the statement of operations. The warrants were initially valued using a binomial lattice model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The binomial lattice model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the warrants is the expected volatility of the common stock. The expected volatility as of the Initial Public Offering date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies without an identified target. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the close price of the Public Warrant price will be used as the fair value as of each relevant date. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was the equivalent to that of the Public Warrants as they had substantially the same terms; however, they are not actively traded, as such are listed as a Level 2 in the hierarchy table above. Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. On November 22, 2021, the Public Warrants surpassed the 52-day threshold waiting period to be publicly traded in accordance with the Prospectus filed September 29, 2021. Once publicly traded, the observable input qualifies the liability for treatment as a Level 1 liability. As such, as of December 31, 2021, the Company classified the Public Warrants as Level 1. The estimated value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 measurement and Level 2 measurement, respectively from the initial measurement through December 31, 2021 was as presented in the changes in fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities table below. Initial measurement on October 4, 2021 Change in fair value ) ) ) Transfer to Level 1 ) ) Transfer to Level 2 ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 
 F-25 

Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 30, 2022, by and among Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation, Komisium Limited, Logflex MT Holding Limited, Novibet PLC, and Novibet Merger Sub Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022). 2.2 Amendment No. 1, dated September 2, 2022, to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 30, 2022, by and among Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation, Komisium Limited, Logflex MT Holding Limited, Novibet PLC, and Novibet Merger Sub Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022). 2.3 Amendment No. 2, dated December 14, 2022, to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 30, 2022, by and among Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation, Komisium Limited, Logflex MT Holding Limited, Novibet PLC, and Novibet Merger Sub Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022). 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021). 3.2 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 4.4 Warrant Agreement by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated as of September 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021). 4.5 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022). 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2021, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 29, 2021, by and among the Company, Artemis Sponsor, LLC and the holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021). 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021). 10.5 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40855), filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021). 10.6 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 
 64 

10.7 Promissory Note, dated as of January 5, 2021, issued to the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 

10.8 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 

10.9 Form of Subscription Agreement for Class X Units of the Sponsor, by and among the Sponsor and the anchor investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 

10.10 Form of Subscription Agreement for Class Y Units of the Sponsor, by and among the Sponsor and the anchor investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 

10.11 Form of Investment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092), filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 10.12 Form of Investors Agreement, by and among Novibet PLC, Artemis Sponsor, LLC, and Komisium Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registration Statement on Form F-4/A (File No. 333-267340), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022). 10.13 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022, by and among Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation, Logflex MT Holding Limited, and Artemis Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registration Statement on Form F-4/A (File No. 333-267340), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022). 14 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253092) filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021). 24 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this report). 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

65 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: March 31, 2023 ARTEMIS STRATEGIC INVESTMENT CORPORATION By: /s/ Thomas Granite Name: Thomas Granite Title: Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary /s/ Holly Gagnon Holly Gagnon Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson (Principal Executive Officer) March 31, 2023 /s/ Philip Kaplan Philip Kaplan Co-Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) March 31, 2023 /s/ Thomas Granite Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 31, 2023 Thomas Granite /s/ Matthew Anfinson Matthew Anfinson Director March 31, 2023 /s/ Rodney Butler Rodney Butler Director March 31, 2023 /s/ Anna Massion Anna Massion Director March 31, 2023 /s/ Andro Nodarse-Le n Andro Nodarse-Le n Director March 31, 2023 /s/ Leonard Wanger Leonard Wanger Director March 31, 2023 
 66 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 novi-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. I, Philip Kaplan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Philip Kaplan Philip Kaplan Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 novi-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. I, Thomas Granite, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Thomas Granite Thomas Granite Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 novi-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Philip Kaplan, Co-Chief Executive Officer of Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Philip Kaplan Philip Kaplan Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 novi-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Thomas Granite, Chief Financial Officer of Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Thomas Granite Thomas Granite Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 novi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 novi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 novi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 novi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

