<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1591956_0001591956-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9048237</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>356817</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1778974</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2580742</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2290551</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1905438</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001591956-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331164632
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001591956-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		121
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sphere 3D Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001591956
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36532
		FILM NUMBER:		23788686

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 GREENWICH OFFICE PARK
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06831
		BUSINESS PHONE:		416-749-5999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 GREENWICH OFFICE PARK
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06831

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sphere 3D Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001591956-23-000004.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 any-20221231.htm
 10-K

any-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from___________________________to ___________________________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________ 
 , 
 
 (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Capital Market 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately million based on the closing price on the NASDAQ Capital Market reported for such date. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director and by each person who is known to own 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of March 22, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

SPHERE 3D CORP. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 34 
 Item 2. Properties 34 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 34 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 34 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 35 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 35 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 41 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 41 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 41 
 Item 9B. Other Information 42 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 42 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 43 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 46 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 56 
 Item 13. Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 57 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 57 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 58 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 62 
 SIGNATURES 63 
 
 3 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. This forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to, statements with respect to management s expectations regarding the future growth, results of operations, performance and business prospects of Sphere 3D. This forward-looking information relates to, among other things, future business plans and business planning process, uses of cash, and may also include other statements that are predictive in nature, or that depend upon or refer to future events or conditions. The words could , expects , may , will , anticipates , assumes , intends , plans , believes , estimates , guidance , and similar expressions are intended to identify statements containing forward-looking information, although not all forward-looking statements include such words. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events. 
 Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. References to Notes are to the notes included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Any reference to Sphere 3D , the Company , we , our , us , or similar terms refers to Sphere 3D Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The information, including any financial information, disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report is stated as at December 31, 2022 or for the year ended December 31, 2022, as applicable, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, all dollar amounts are expressed in U.S. Dollar and references to are to the lawful currency of the United States U.S. ). 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Sphere 3D was incorporated under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) on May 2, 2007 as T.B. Mining Ventures Inc. On March 24, 2015, we completed a short-form amalgamation with a wholly-owned subsidiary. In connection with the short-form amalgamation, we changed our name to Sphere 3D Corp. Any reference to the Company , Sphere 3D , we , our , us , or similar terms refers to Sphere 3D Corp. and its subsidiaries. In December 2014, we completed the acquisition of Overland Storage, Inc. Overland to grow our business in the containerization and virtualization technologies along with data management products that enabled workload-optimized solutions. In November 2018, we sold our Overland business. In January 2022, we commenced operations of our digital mining operation and are dedicated to becoming a leading carbon-neutral Bitcoin mining company. We are establishing an enterprise-scale mining operation through procurement of next-generation mining equipment and partnering with experienced service providers. 
 1 

Digital assets and blockchain 
 Bitcoin is a digital asset issued by and transmitted through an open source protocol maintained by a peer-to-peer network of decentralized user nodes. This network hosts a public transaction ledger blockchain where the digital assets and their corresponding transactions are recorded. The digital assets are stored in individual wallets with public addresses and a private key that controls access. The blockchain is updated without a single owner or operator of the network. New digital assets are generated and mined rewarding users after transactions are verified in the blockchain. 
 Digital assets and their corresponding markets emulate foreign exchange markets of fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, where they can be exchanged to said fiat currencies trading exchanges. In addition to these exchanges, additional trading markets for digital assets exist, such as derivative markets. 
 Since the nature of digital assets is such that it exists solely in electronic form, they are exposed to risks similar to that of any data held solely in electronic form such as power failure, data corruption, cyber security attacks, protocol breaches, and user error, among others. Similar to data centers, these risks put the digital assets subject to the aforementioned threats which might not necessarily affect a physical fiat currency. In addition, blockchain relies on open source developers to maintain the digital asset protocols. Blockchain as such may be subject to design changes, governance disputes such as forked protocols, and other risks associated with open source software. 
 Digital currencies serve multiple purposes - a medium of exchange, store of value or unit of account. Examples of digital currencies include: bitcoin, bitcoin cash, Ethereum, and Litecoin. Digital currencies are decentralized currencies that facilitate instant transfers. Transactions occur on an open source platform using peer-to-peer direct technology with no single owner. Blockchain is a public transaction ledger where transactions occur, are recorded and tracked, however not owned nor managed by one single entity. Blockchain, accessible and open to all, contains records of all existing and historical transactions. All accounts on the blockchain have a unique public key and is secured with a private key that is only known to the individual. The combination of private and public keys results in a secure digital fingerprint which results in a strong control of ownership. 
 We believe cryptocurrencies have many advantages over traditional, physical fiat currencies, including immediate settlement, fraud deterrent as they are unable to be duplicated or counterfeited, lower fees, mass accessibility, decentralized nature, identity theft prevention, physical loss prevention, no counterparty risk, no intermediary facilitation, no arduous exchange rate implications and a strong confirmation transaction process. 
 Service and product 
 In addition to digital mining, we provide network operations center NOC services to our customers. NOC revenues are for monthly services performed for the customer that are performed either in-house or at the customer s site. We also deliver data management and desktop and application virtualization solutions through hybrid cloud, cloud and on premise implementations by a reseller network. We achieve this through a combination of containerized applications, virtual desktops, virtual storage and physical hyper-converged platforms. Our products allow organizations to deploy a combination of public, private or hybrid cloud strategies while backing them up with the latest storage solutions. Our brands include HVE ConneXions HVE and Unified ConneXions UCX ). 
 Investment in Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 In April 2021, we sponsored a special purpose acquisition company SPAC ), Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. MEOA ), through our wholly owned subsidiary, Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC SPAC Sponsor ). MEOA s purpose is to focus initially on transactions with companies that are minority owned businesses. In April 2021, SPAC Sponsor paid 25,000 of deferred offering costs on behalf of MEOA in exchange for 2,875,000 shares of MEOA s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ). On August 30, 2021, MEOA consummated its initial public offering (the IPO and issued units which were comprised of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant. Also in August 2021, and simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, SPAC Sponsor participated in the private sale of an aggregate of 5,395,000 Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant. The SPAC Sponsor paid 5.4 million to MEOA, 
 2 

which included 1.0 million from an investor participating in MEOA Sponsor. The Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after MEOA completes a business combination. On October 18, 2021, the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A common stock and warrants are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols MEOA and MEOAW, respectively. 
 In August 2022, MEOA entered into a business combination agreement with MEOA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MEOA Merger Sub ), and Digerati Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Digerati ), pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Digerati (the Digerati Merger ), with Digerati surviving the Digerati Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of MEOA, and with Digerati s equity holders receiving shares of MEOA common stock. 
 In November 2022, MEOA held a special meeting of stockholders (the MEOA Meeting ). At the MEOA Meeting, MEOA s stockholders approved an amendment (the Extension Amendment to MEOA s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which MEOA must consummate its initial business combination from November 30, 2022 to May 30, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by MEOA s board of directors. In connection with the MEOA Meeting, the holders of MEOA s shares of its Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. After giving effect to the redemption of MEOA s public shares, on November 30, 2022, the Company owned a controlling interest of MEOA and since such time MEOA has been recorded on a consolidated basis. 
 SPAC Sponsor, along with MEOA s initial stockholders, MEOA s executive officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with MEOA, pursuant to which we have agreed to (i) waive our redemption rights with respect to our founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial business combination; (ii) waive our redemption rights with respect to our founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the certificate of incorporation: (A) to modify the substance or timing of MEOA s obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if MEOA does not complete an initial business combination within the combination period; or (B) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) waive our rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to our founder shares if MEOA fails to complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we hold an aggregate of 3,162,500 shares of MEOA s Class B common stock. 
 Series H Preferred Shares 
 On November 7, 2022, we entered into an agreement with Hertford modifying the number of outstanding Series H Preferred Shares held by Hertford (the Modified Hertford Agreement ). Pursuant to the Modified Hertford Agreement, we cancelled 36,000 Series H Preferred Shares, representing 37.5 of the outstanding Series H Preferred Shares payable to Hertford under the Hertford Agreement, without payment of any cash consideration. Each Series H Preferred Share is convertible into 1,000 common shares. Hertford will retain 60,000 Series H Preferred Shares, which are non-voting and do not accrue dividends. At our 2022 Annual General Meeting, we received shareholder approval to convert the remaining 60,000 Series H Preferred Shares, subject to the terms and conditions contained in our Articles of Incorporation. The Modified Hertford Agreement also provides for certain resale restrictions applicable to the common shares that are issuable upon the conversion of the remaining Series H Preferred Shares during the two-year period ending on December 31, 2024, which are different from the restrictions contained in the Hertford Agreement, as well, commencing January 1, 2023 and terminating on December 31, 2023, holders of Series H Preferred Shares are permitted to (a) convert Series H Preferred Shares in an aggregate amount up to or equal to 3.0 of the aggregate number of Series H Preferred Shares outstanding on the first day of each such month and (b) sell the resulting number (and no greater number) of such converted common shares within such month. Commencing January 1, 2024 and terminating on December 31, 2024, holders of Series H Preferred Shares are permitted to (a) convert Series H Preferred Shares in an aggregate amount up to or equal to 10.0 of the aggregate number of Series H Preferred Shares outstanding on the first day of each such month and (b) sell the resulting number (and no greater number) of such converted common shares within such month. 
 3 

Terminated Merger Agreement 
 On June 3, 2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc. Gryphon ), a privately held company in the cryptocurrency space dedicated to helping bring digital assets onto the clean energy grid. Gryphon s Bitcoin mining operation has a zero-carbon footprint and their long-term strategy is to be the first vertically integrated crypto miner with a wholly owned, one hundred percent renewable energy supply. 
 On February 15, 2022, and subsequently on March 7, 2022, primarily as a result of comments we received from the SEC relating to an amendment to the registration statement on Form F-4 we filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022 in connection with our proposed merger with Gryphon, we retained two independent investment banks to review the terms of the proposed Gryphon merger transaction. The nature of the review was to provide an independent analysis as to whether the consideration to be paid by us in the proposed merger was fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view and to assess the inputs to the financial models that were used to test such fairness. 
 On April 4, 2022, the Merger Agreement was terminated. The Merger Agreement, among other matters, provided that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement, we would forgive all amounts outstanding under the outstanding Promissory Note and Security Agreement as amended with Gryphon (the Gryphon Note ), and release to Gryphon 850,000 common shares previously deposited into an escrow account for the benefit of Gryphon. As a result of the termination of the Merger Agreement in the second quarter of 2022, we forgave the Gryphon Note which had a balance of 13.1 million and released the 850,000 common shares, with a fair value of 1.2 million, held in escrow to Gryphon. We will continue our relationship with Gryphon through the Gryphon Master Services Agreement entered into in 2021. 
 Nasdaq Listing 
 On July 25, 2022, we received a notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that the bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive trading days had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share required for continued listing under Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Listing Rule ). We had a period of 180 calendar days, or until January 23, 2023, to regain compliance with the Listing Rule. 
 On January 24, 2023, we received notification from Nasdaq indicating that we will have an additional 180-day grace period, or until July 24, 2023, to regain compliance with the Listing Rule's 1.00 minimum bid requirement. The notification indicated that we did not regain compliance during the initial 180-day grace period provided under the Listing Rule. In accordance with Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we are eligible for the additional grace period because we meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, and our written notice to Nasdaq of our intentions to cure the deficiency by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 
 If we do not regain compliance by July 24, 2023, or if we fail to satisfy another Nasdaq requirement for continued listing, Nasdaq staff could provide notice that our common shares will become subject to delisting. In such event, Nasdaq rules permit us to appeal any delisting determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our Nasdaq listing. We intend to actively monitor the closing bid price for our common shares and will consider available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with the Listing Rule. 
 Disposal of SnapServer Product Line 
 In October 2021, Sphere 3D and Filecoiner entered into an acquisition agreement under which our wholly-owned subsidiary, HVE ConneXions HVE sold the assets, including intellectual property, associated with our SnapServer product line to Filecoiner, in exchange for 8,000 shares of Series B preferred stock of Filecoiner Filecoiner Series B Preferred Stock with a fair value equal to 6.4 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain on the sale of the assets of 5.0 million and is included in interest income and other, net on the consolidated statement of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an impairment for the preferred stock of Filecoiner held and recorded an impairment expense of 6.4 million. 
 4 

Service and Product 
 Service 
 Customer service and support are key elements of our strategy and critical components of our commitment in making enterprise-class support and services available to companies of all sizes. Our technical support staff is trained to assist our customers with deployment and compatibility for any combination of virtual desktop infrastructures, hardware platforms, operating systems and backup, data interchange and storage management software. Our application engineers are trained to assist with more complex customer issues. We maintain global toll-free service and support phone lines. Additionally, we also provide self-service and support through our website support portal and email. 
 Our service offerings provide for on-site service and installation options, round-the-clock phone access to solution experts, and proof of concept and architectural design offerings. 
 Product 
 Our product offerings consist of the following disk systems: HVE Converged and Hyper-converged Infrastructure. In addition to our product offerings, we provide on-site service and installation options, round-the-clock phone access to solution experts, and proof of concept and architectural design offerings. We are able to provide comprehensive technical assistance on a global scale. 
 HVE Converged and Hyper-converged Infrastructure 
 In 2017, we acquired HVE, a technology provider of next generation converged and hyper-converged infrastructure dedicated to creating Manageable, Scalable, Reproducible, and Predictable MSRP solutions based on virtualization technologies running on high-performance, next generation platforms. HVE solutions are engineered, purpose-built converged and hyper-converged virtual workspace and server solutions that support a distributed architecture, scalable with predictable performances, and come bundled with continuous active monitoring. HVE product can include support for our Desktop Cloud Orchestrator DCO based on customer requirements. 
 The HVE-STACK high density server provides the computer and storage appliance for the data center and is ideal for high performance computing, cloud computing and virtual desktop infrastructure VDI ). The modular design and swappable components include hard drives and power supplies intended to improve the efficiency of data center deployment. 
 The HVE-VELOCITY High Availability Dual Enclosure storage area network SAN provides data reliability and integrity for optimal data storage, protection and recovery. It also provides a unified network attached storage NAS and SAN solution with thin provisioning, compression and deduplication. The HVE-VELOCITY platform is designed to eliminate single points of failure. The 12GSAS SSD design allows for faster access to data. It is optimized for mission-critical, enterprise-level storage applications. 
 The HVE 3DGFX is a VDI solution that offers hardware and software technologies to provide an appliance that can handle from eight to up to 128 high demand users in a single 2U appliance. The HVE 3DGFX was designed and engineered as a purpose-built solution based upon the MSRP engineering approach. 
 The HVE STAGE Server Virtualization Platform is a high-performance purpose-built server that has been optimized for server virtualization. These performance optimized servers are also compact space savers utilizing 1U of rack space. Each STAGE can be pre-configured for converged, hyper-converged or attached storage, and comes with ESXi so an infrastructure is ready for virtualization. HVE offers both the stand-alone SAN attached servers or a true server converged/hyper-converged solution with 1-24TB Local SSD. 
 5 

The HVE VAULT backup and compute appliance is designed to handle requirements for backup and replication storage. The HVE-VAULT, with the integrated compute option, can also perform disaster recovery compute requirements with specific mission critical workloads. The HVE-VAULT can be configured as an iSCSI SAN or NAS storage device using HVE storage management software. This appliance utilizes a software defined datacenter (SDD) approach with solutions that work for Tier 2 all flash array front-end storage or rapid backup/recovery business continuity solutions integrated with software technologies like Veeam and Nakivo. 
 Production 
 A significant number of our components and finished products are manufactured or assembled, in whole or in part, by a limited number of third parties. For certain products, we control the design process internally and then outsource the manufacturing and assembly in order to achieve lower production costs. 
 We purchase disk drives and chassis from outside suppliers. We carefully select suppliers based on their ability to provide quality parts and components which meet technical specifications and volume requirements. We actively monitor these suppliers but we are subject to substantial risks associated with the performance of our suppliers. For certain components, we qualify only a single source, which magnifies the risk of shortages and may decrease our ability to negotiate with that supplier. For a more detailed description of risks related to suppliers, see Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 Sales and Distribution 
 Our reseller channel includes systems integrators, VARs and DMRs. Our resellers may package our products as part of complete application and desktop virtualization solutions data processing systems or with other storage devices to deliver complete enterprise information technology infrastructure solutions. Our resellers also recommend our products as replacement solutions when systems are upgraded, or bundle our products with storage management software specific to the end user s system. We support the reseller channel through our dedicated sales representatives, engineers and technical support organizations. 
 Patents and Proprietary Rights 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret and copyright laws, as well as contractual restrictions, to protect the proprietary aspects of our products and services. Although every effort is made to protect Sphere 3D s intellectual property, these legal protections may only afford limited protection. 
 We may continue to file for patents regarding various aspects of our products, services and delivery method at a later date depending on the costs and timing associated with such filings. We may make investments to further strengthen our copyright protection going forward, although no assurances can be given that it will be successful in such patent and trademark protection endeavors. We seek to limit disclosure of our intellectual property by requiring employees, consultants, and partners with access to our proprietary information to execute confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements (when applicable) and by restricting access to our proprietary information. Due to rapid technological change, we believe that establishing and maintaining an industry and technology advantage in factors such as the expertise and technological and creative skills of our personnel, as well as new services and enhancements to our existing services, are more important to our company s business and profitability than other available legal protections. 
 Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. The laws of many countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. or Canada. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. There can be no assurance that our means of protecting our proprietary rights will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop similar services or products. Any failure by us to adequately protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. See Item 1A. Risk Factors under the section Risks Related to Intellectual Property. 
 6 

Competitive Conditions 
 We believe that our products are unique and innovative and afford us various advantages in the market place; however, the market for information technology is highly competitive. Competitors vary in size from small start-ups to large multi-national corporations which may have substantially greater financial, research and development, and marketing resources. Competitive factors in these markets include performance, functionality, scalability, availability, interoperability, connectivity, time to market enhancements, and total cost of ownership. Barriers to entry vary from low, such as those in traditional disk-based backup products, to high, in virtualization software. The markets for all of our products are characterized by price competition and as such we may face price pressure for our products. For a more detailed description of competitive and other risks related to our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 Governmental Regulations 
 We are subject to laws and regulations enforced by various regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. For a detailed description of the material effects of government regulations on our business, see Our international operations are important to our business and involve unique risks related to financial, political, and economic conditions and We are subject to laws, regulations and similar requirements, changes to which may adversely affect our business and operations see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business . 
 Employees 
 We had 27 and 25 full-time employees at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in our Company involves a high degree of risk. Each of the following risk factors in evaluating our business and prospects as well as an investment in our Company should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business and financial results could be harmed and the trading price of our common shares could decline. 
 Risks Related to our Business 
 Our total revenue is substantially dependent on the prices of digital assets and volume of transactions conducted on our platform. If such price or volume declines, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 We generate the majority of our total revenue from digital mining. As such, any declines in the volume of digital asset transactions, the price of digital assets, or market liquidity for digital assets generally may result in lower total revenue. The price of digital assets and associated demand for buying, selling, and trading digital assets have historically been subject to significant volatility. For instance, in 2022, the value of certain digital assets, including Bitcoin, experienced steep decreases in value. The price and trading volume of any digital asset is subject to significant uncertainty and volatility, depending on a number of factors, including: 
 market conditions of, and overall sentiment towards, digital assets; 
 changes in liquidity, market-making volume, and trading activities; 
 trading activities on other digital platforms worldwide, many of which may be unregulated, and may include manipulative activities; 
 investment and trading activities of highly active retail and institutional users, speculators, miners, and investors; 
 the speed and rate at which digital assets are able to gain adoption as a medium of exchange, utility, store of value, consumptive asset, security instrument, or other financial assets worldwide, if at all; 
 7 

decreased user and investor confidence in digital assets and digital platforms; 
 negative publicity and events relating to the digital economy; 
 unpredictable social media coverage or trending of, or other rumors and market speculation regarding digital assets; 
 the ability for digital assets to meet user and investor demands; 
 the functionality and utility of digital assets and their associated ecosystems and networks, including digital assets designed for use in various applications; 
 increased competition from other payment services or other digital assets that exhibit better speed, security, scalability, or other characteristics; 
 regulatory or legislative changes and updates affecting the digital economy; 
 the maintenance, troubleshooting, and development of the blockchain networks underlying digital assets, including by miners, validators, and developers worldwide; 
 the ability for digital networks to attract and retain miners or validators to secure and confirm transactions accurately and efficiently; 
 ongoing technological viability and security of digital assets and their associated smart contracts, applications and networks, including vulnerabilities against hacks and scalability; 
 fees and speed associated with processing digital asset transactions, including on the underlying blockchain networks and on digital platforms; 
 financial strength of market participants; 
 the availability and cost of funding and capital; 
 the liquidity of digital platforms; 
 interruptions in service from or failures of major digital platforms; 
 availability of an active derivatives market for various digital assets; 
 availability of banking and payment services to support digital-related projects; and 
 level of interest rates and inflation. 
 There is no assurance that any supported digital asset will maintain its value or that there will be meaningful levels of trading activities. In the event that the price of digital assets or the demand for trading digital assets decline, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Our operating results have and will significantly fluctuate due to the highly volatile nature of digital assets. 
 Our operating results are dependent on digital assets and the broader cryptoeconomy. Due to the highly volatile nature of the cryptoeconomy and the prices of digital assets, our operating results have, and will continue to, fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter in accordance with market sentiments and movements in the broader cryptoeconomy. Our operating results will continue to fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are unpredictable and in certain instances are outside of our control, including: 
 our dependence on offerings that are dependent on crypto asset trading activity, including trading volume and the prevailing trading prices for crypto assets, whose trading prices and volume can be highly volatile; 
 adding crypto assets to, or removing from, our platform; 
 market conditions of, and overall sentiment towards, the cryptoeconomy; 
 8 

system failure, outages, or interruptions, including with respect to our crypto platform and third-party crypto networks; and 
 inaccessibility of our platform due to our or third-party actions. 
 As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us to forecast growth trends accurately and our business and future prospects are difficult to evaluate, particularly in the short term. In view of the rapidly evolving nature of our business and the cryptoeconomy, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. Quarterly and annual expenses reflected in our financial statements may be significantly different from historical or projected rates. Our operating results in one or more future quarters may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. As a result, the trading price of our common stock may increase or decrease significantly. 
 The future development and growth of crypto is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate. If digital assets do not grow as we expect, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Digital assets built on blockchain technology were only introduced in 2008. Digital assets are designed for different purposes. Bitcoin, for instance, was designed to serve as a peer-to-peer electronic cash system, while Ethereum was designed to be a smart contract and decentralized application platform. Many other crypto networks, ranging from cloud computing to tokenized securities networks, have only recently been established. The further growth and development of any crypto assets and their underlying networks and other cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing the creation, transfer, and usage of crypto assets represent a new and evolving paradigm that is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate, including: 
 many crypto networks have limited operating histories, have not been validated in production, and are still in the process of developing and making significant decisions that will affect the design, supply, issuance, functionality, and governance of their respective crypto assets and underlying blockchain networks, any of which could adversely affect their respective crypto assets; 
 many crypto networks are in the process of implementing software upgrades and other changes to their protocols, which could introduce bugs, security risks, or adversely affect the respective crypto networks; 
 several large networks, including Ethereum, are developing new features to address fundamental speed, scalability, and energy usage issues. If these issues are not successfully addressed, or are unable to receive widespread adoption, it could adversely affect the underlying digital assets; 
 security issues, bugs, and software errors have been identified with many digital assets and their underlying blockchain networks, some of which have been exploited by malicious actors. There are also inherent security weaknesses in some digital assets, such as when creators of certain crypto networks use procedures that could allow hackers to counterfeit tokens. Any weaknesses identified with a digital asset could adversely affect its price, security, liquidity, and adoption. If a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a majority of the compute or staking power on a crypto network, as has happened in the past, it may be able to manipulate transactions, which could cause financial losses to holders, damage the network s reputation and security, and adversely affect its value; 
 the development of new technologies for mining, such as improved application-specific integrated circuits (commonly referred to as ASICs), or changes in industry patterns, such as the consolidation of mining power in a small number of large mining farms, could reduce the security of blockchain networks, lead to increased liquid supply of digital assets, and reduce a digital asset s price and attractiveness; 
 if rewards and transaction fees for miners or validators on any particular crypto network are not sufficiently high to attract and retain miners, a crypto network s security and speed may be adversely affected, increasing the likelihood of a malicious attack; 
 9 

many digital assets have concentrated ownership or an admin key, allowing a small group of holders to have significant unilateral control and influence over key decisions related to their crypto networks, such as governance decisions and protocol changes, as well as the market price of such digital assets; 
 the governance of many decentralized blockchain networks is by voluntary consensus and open competition, and many developers are not directly compensated for their contributions. As a result, there may be a lack of consensus or clarity on the governance of any particular crypto network, a lack of incentives for developers to maintain or develop the network, and other unforeseen issues, any of which could result in unexpected or undesirable errors, bugs, or changes, or stymie such network s utility and ability to respond to challenges and grow; 
 algonomic units to U.S. dollar may fail causing devaluation in specific cryptocurrencies which may impact the market perception of safer currencies; and 
 many crypto networks are in the early stages of developing partnerships and collaborations, all of which may not succeed and adversely affect the usability and adoption of the respective crypto assets. 
 Various other technical issues have also been uncovered from time to time that resulted in disabled functionalities, exposure of certain users personal information, theft of users assets, and other negative consequences, and which required resolution with the attention and efforts of their global miner, user, and development communities. If any such risks or other risks materialize, and in particular if they are not resolved, the development and growth of crypto may be significantly affected and, as a result, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Cryptocurrency mining activities are energy-intensive, which may restrict the geographic locations of mining machines and have a negative environmental impact. Government regulators may potentially restrict the ability of electricity suppliers to provide electricity to mining operations, such as ours. 
 Mining cryptocurrency requires massive amounts of electrical power, and electricity costs are expected to account for a significant portion of our overall costs. The availability and cost of electricity will restrict the geographic locations of our mining activities. Any shortage of electricity supply or increase in electricity costs in any location where we plan to operate may negatively impact the viability and the expected economic return for cryptocurrency mining activities in that location. 
 Further, our business model can only be successful and our mining operations can only be profitable if the costs, including electrical power costs, associated with cryptocurrency mining are lower than the price of the cryptocurrency itself. As a result, any equipment we deploy can only be successful if we can obtain access to sufficient electrical power on a cost-effective basis through hosting arrangements with mining data centers. Our deployment of new mining equipment requires us to find sites where that is the case. Even if our electrical power costs do not increase, significant fluctuations in, and any prolonged periods of, low cryptocurrency prices may also cause our electrical supply to no longer be cost-effective. 
 Furthermore, if cryptocurrency mining becomes more widespread, government scrutiny related to restrictions on cryptocurrency mining facilities and their energy consumption may significantly increase. The considerable consumption of electricity by mining operators may also have a negative environmental impact, including contribution to climate change, which could set the public opinion against allowing the use of electricity for cryptocurrency mining activities. This, in turn, could lead to governmental measures restricting or prohibiting the use of electricity for cryptocurrency mining activities. Any such development in the jurisdictions where we plan to operate could increase our compliance burdens and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 
 We rely on hosting arrangements to conduct our business, and the availability of such hosting arrangements is uncertain and competitive and may be affected by changes in regulation in one or more countries. 
 If we are unable to successfully enter into definitive hosting agreements with mining data centers on favorable terms or those counterparties fail to perform their obligations under such agreements, we may be forced to look for alternative mining data centers to host its mining equipment. 
 10 

In May 2021, China s State Council issued a statement signaling its intent to restrict cryptocurrency mining and trading activities, resulting in provincial governments taking proactive measurements to prohibit cryptocurrency mining. On September 24, 2021, China s central bank and its National Development and Reform Commission issued a nation-wide ban on cryptocurrency mining and declaring all financial transactions involving cryptocurrencies illegal. As a result, mining data centers previously operating in China have been forced to shut down and owners of crypto mining equipment located in China have been attempting to relocate the equipment to mining data centers in other jurisdictions, with a particular focus on locations within the United States. Combined with the increase in the price of many cryptocurrencies in 2021, the influx of crypto miners from China has created conditions of great demand for mining data centers and limited supply. Due to these conditions, there is no assurance that we will be able to procure alternative hosting agreements on acceptable terms in a timely manner or at all. 
 Significant competition for suitable mining data centers is expected to continue, and other government regulators, including local permitting officials, may potentially restrict the ability of potential mining data centers to begin or continue operations in certain locations. They can also restrict the ability of electricity suppliers to provide electricity to mining operations in times of electricity shortage, or may otherwise potentially restrict or prohibit the provision of electricity to mining operations. 
 We may be affected by price fluctuations in the wholesale and retail power markets. 
 Market prices for power, generation capacity and ancillary services, are unpredictable. Depending upon the effectiveness of any price risk management activity undertaken by us, including but not limited to attempts to secure hosting services contracts at fixed fees, an increase in market prices for power, generation capacity, and ancillary services may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Long- and short-term power prices may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 increases and decreases in generation capacity; 
 changes in power transmission or fuel transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies; 
 demand response/mandatory curtailments; 
 volatile weather conditions, particularly unusually hot or mild summers or unusually cold or warm winters; 
 technological shifts resulting in changes in the demand for power or in patterns of power usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools, expansion and technological advancements in power storage capability and the development of new fuels or new technologies for the production or storage of power; 
 federal and state power, market and environmental regulation and legislation; and 
 changes in capacity prices and capacity markets. 
 If we are unable to secure consistent power supply at prices or on terms acceptable to it, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 
 As cryptocurrencies may be determined to be investment securities, we may inadvertently violate the Investment Company Act of 1940 and incur large losses as a result and potentially be required to register as an investment company or terminate operations and we may incur third-party liabilities. 
 We believe that we are not engaged in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities, and we do not hold ourself out as being engaged in those activities. However, under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ), a company may be deemed an investment company under section 3(a)(1)(C) thereof if the value of its investment securities is more than 40 of its total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. 
 11 

As a result of our investments and our mining activities, including investments in which we do not have a controlling interest, the investment securities we hold could exceed 40 of our total assets, exclusive of cash items and, accordingly, we could determine that we have become an inadvertent investment company. The cryptocurrency that we own, acquire or mine may be deemed an investment security by the SEC, although we do not believe any of the cryptocurrency we own, acquire or mine are securities. An inadvertent investment company can avoid being classified as an investment company if it can rely on one of the exclusions under the Investment Company Act. One such exclusion, Rule 3a-2 under the Investment Company Act, allows an inadvertent investment company a grace period of one year from the earlier of (a) the date on which an issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50 of the issuer s total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis and (b) the date on which an issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of such issuer s total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, we do not believe we are an inadvertent investment company. We may take actions to cause the investment securities held by us to be less than 40 of our total assets, which may include acquiring assets with our cash and cryptocurrency on hand or liquidating our investment securities or cryptocurrency or seeking a no-action letter from the SEC if we are unable to acquire sufficient assets or liquidate sufficient investment securities in a timely manner. 
 As the Rule 3a-2 exception is available to a company no more than once every three years, and assuming no other exclusion were available to us, we would have to keep within the 40 limit for at least three years after we cease being an inadvertent investment company. This may limit our ability to make certain investments or enter into joint ventures that could otherwise have a positive impact on our earnings. In any event, we do not intend to become an investment company engaged in the business of investing and trading securities. 
 Classification as an investment company under the Investment Company Act requires registration with the SEC. If an investment company fails to register, it would have to stop doing almost all business, and its contracts would become voidable. Registration is time consuming and restrictive and would require a restructuring of our operations, and we would be very constrained in the kind of business we could do as a registered investment company. Further, we would become subject to substantial regulation concerning management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons and portfolio composition, and would need to file reports under the Investment Company Act regime. The cost of such compliance would result in us incurring substantial additional expenses, and the failure to register if required would have a materially adverse impact to conduct our operations. 
 If regulatory changes or interpretations of our activities require its registration as a money services business under the regulations promulgated by The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, we may be required to register and comply with such regulations. If regulatory changes or interpretations of our activities require the licensing or other registration of us as a money transmitter (or equivalent designation) under state law in any state in which we operate, we may be required to seek licensure or otherwise register and comply with such state law. In the event of any such requirement, to the extent we decide to continue, the required registrations, licensure and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses to us. We may also decide to cease its operations. Any termination of certain operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances may be at a time that is disadvantageous to investors. 
 To the extent that our activities cause us to be deemed a money service business under the regulations promulgated by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury Department FinCEN under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, we may be required to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would mandate us to implement anti-money laundering programs, make certain reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records. 
 12 

To the extent that our activities cause us to be deemed a money transmitter or equivalent designation under state law in any state in which we operate, we may be required to seek a license or otherwise register with a state regulator and comply with state regulations that may include the implementation of anti-money laundering programs, maintenance of certain records and other operational requirements. Currently, the New York Department of Financial Services has finalized its BitLicense framework for businesses that conduct virtual currency business activity. We will continue to monitor for developments in New York legislation, guidance and regulations. 
 Such additional federal or state regulatory obligations may cause us to incur extraordinary expenses, possibly affecting our business in a material and adverse manner. Furthermore, we and our service providers may not be capable of complying with certain federal or state regulatory obligations applicable to money service businesses and money transmitters. If we are deemed to be subject to and determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may act to dissolve and liquidate us. Any such action may adversely affect an investment in us. 
 There is no one unifying principle governing the regulatory status of cryptocurrency nor whether cryptocurrency is a security in each context in which it is viewed. Regulatory changes or actions in one or more countries may alter the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of digital assets, such as cryptocurrencies, in a manner that adversely affects our business, prospects or operations. 
 As cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently, with certain governments deeming cryptocurrencies illegal, and others allowing their use and trade without restriction. In some jurisdictions, such as in the U.S., digital assets, like cryptocurrencies, are subject to extensive, and in some cases overlapping, unclear and evolving regulatory requirements. 
 Cryptocurrencies have been the source of much regulatory consternation, resulting in differing definitional outcomes without a single unifying statement. Cryptocurrency is viewed differently by different regulatory and standards setting organizations globally as well as in the United States on the federal and state levels. For example, the Financial Action Task Force FATF and the Internal Revenue Service IRS consider a cryptocurrency as currency or an asset or property. Further, the IRS applies general tax principles that apply to property transactions to transactions involving virtual currency. 
 If regulatory changes or interpretations require the regulation of cryptocurrency under the securities laws of the United States or elsewhere, including the Securities Act of 1933, the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act or similar laws of other jurisdictions and interpretations by the SEC, the CFTC, the IRS, Department of Treasury or other agencies or authorities, we may be required to register and comply with such regulations, including at a state or local level. To the extent that we decide to continue operations, the required registrations and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary expense or burdens to us. We may also decide to cease certain operations and change our business model. Any disruption of our operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances may be at a time that is disadvantageous to us. 
 Current and future legislation and SEC rule making and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory authority, may impact the manner in which cryptocurrencies are viewed or treated for classification and clearing purposes. In particular, cryptocurrencies may not be excluded from the definition of security by SEC rule making or interpretation requiring registration of all transactions unless another exemption is available, including transacting in cryptocurrency among owners and require registration of trading platforms as exchanges . 
 We cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of cryptocurrencies under the law. If we fail to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations or be subjected to fines, penalties and other governmental action. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue its business model at all, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we plan to hold or expect to acquire for our own account. 
 13 

Our business is dependent on a small number of digital asset mining equipment suppliers. 
 Our business is dependent upon digital asset mining equipment suppliers providing an adequate supply of new generation digital asset mining machines at economical prices to customers intending to purchase our hosting and other solutions. The growth in our business is directly related to increased demand for hosting services and cryptocurrency which is dependent in large part on the availability of new generation mining machines offered for sale at a price conducive to profitable digital asset mining, as well as the trading price of cryptocurrency. The market price and availability of new mining machines fluctuates with the price of cryptocurrencies and can be volatile. In addition, as more companies seek to enter the mining industry, the demand for machines may outpace supply and create mining machine equipment shortages. There are no assurances that cryptocurrency mining equipment suppliers will be able to keep pace with any surge in demand for mining equipment. Further, manufacturing mining machine purchase contracts are not favorable to purchasers and we may have little or no recourse in the event a mining machine manufacturer defaults on its mining machine delivery commitments. If we and our customers are not able to obtain a sufficient number of digital asset mining machines at favorable prices, our growth expectations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations will be negatively impacted. 
 Changes in tariffs or import restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Equipment necessary for digital asset mining is almost entirely manufactured outside of the United States. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, including China, the European Union, Canada, and Mexico, with respect to trade policies, treaties, tariffs and customs duties, and taxes. For example, since 2019, the U.S. government has implemented significant changes to U.S. trade policy with respect to China. These tariffs have subjected certain digital asset mining equipment manufactured overseas to additional import duties of up to 25 . The amount of the additional tariffs and the products subject to them has changed numerous times based on action by the U.S. government. These tariffs have increased costs of digital asset mining equipment, and new or additional tariffs or other restrictions on the import of equipment necessary for digital asset mining could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Mining machines rely on components and raw materials that may be subject to price fluctuations or shortages, including ASIC chips that have been subject to a significant shortage. 
 In order to build and sustain our self-mining operations we will depend on third parties to provide us with ASIC chips and other critical components for our mining equipment, which may be subject to price fluctuations or shortages. For example, the ASIC chip is the key component of a mining machine as it determines the efficiency of the device. The production of ASIC chips typically requires highly sophisticated silicon wafers, which currently only a small number of fabrication facilities, or wafer foundries, in the world are capable of producing. We believe that the previous microchip shortage that the entire industry experienced lead to price fluctuations and disruption in the supply of key miner components. Specifically, the ASIC chips have recently been subject to a significant price increases and shortages. 
 There is also a risk that a manufacturer or seller of ASIC chips or other necessary mining equipment may adjust the prices according cryptocurrency prices or otherwise, so the cost of new machines could become unpredictable and extremely high. As a result, at times, we may be forced to obtain mining machines and other hardware at premium prices, to the extent they are even available. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 
 14 

The further development and acceptance of digital asset networks and other digital assets, which represent a new and rapidly changing industry, are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. The slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of digital asset systems may adversely affect an investment in us. 
 The use of cryptocurrencies to, among other things, buy and sell goods and services and complete transactions, is part of a new and rapidly evolving industry that employs cryptocurrency assets, based upon a computer-generated mathematical and/or cryptographic protocol. Large-scale acceptance of cryptocurrency as a means of payment has not, and may never, occur. The growth of this industry is subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and the slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of developing protocols may occur unpredictably. The factors include, but are not limited to: 
 continued worldwide growth in the adoption and use of cryptocurrencies as a medium to exchange; 
 governmental and quasi-governmental regulation of cryptocurrencies and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of cryptocurrency systems; 
 changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 
 the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the network; 
 the increased consolidation of contributors to the blockchain through mining pools; 
 the availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat currencies; 
 the use of the networks supporting cryptocurrencies for developing smart contracts and distributed applications; 
 general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to cryptocurrencies; and 
 negative market sentiment and perception of cryptocurrencies. 
 The outcome of these factors could have negative effects on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our business strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations as well as potentially negative effect on the value of any cryptocurrency that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, which would harm investors. 
 Banks and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that engage in cryptocurrency-related activities or that accept cryptocurrency as payment, including financial institutions of investors in our common shares. 
 A number of companies that engage in cryptocurrency-related activities have been unable to find banks or financial institutions that are willing to provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses associated with cryptocurrencies may have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with financial institutions in response to government action, particularly in China, where regulatory response to cryptocurrencies has been to exclude their use for ordinary consumer transactions within China. We also may be unable to obtain or maintain these services for our business. The difficulty that many businesses that provide cryptocurrency-related activities have and may continue to have in finding banks and financial institutions willing to provide them services may be decreasing the usefulness of cryptocurrency as a payment system and harming public perception of cryptocurrency, and could decrease their usefulness and harm their public perception in the future. 
 We face risks of Internet disruptions, which could have an adverse effect on the price of cryptocurrencies. 
 A disruption of the Internet may affect the use of cryptocurrencies. Generally, cryptocurrency and our business of mining cryptocurrency is dependent upon the Internet. A significant disruption in Internet connectivity could disrupt a currency s network operations until the disruption is resolved and have an adverse effect on the price of cryptocurrencies and our ability to mine cryptocurrencies. 
 15 

The impact of geopolitical and economic events on the supply and demand for cryptocurrency is uncertain. 
 Geopolitical crises may motivate large-scale purchases of cryptocurrencies, which could increase the price of cryptocurrencies rapidly. This may increase the likelihood of a subsequent price decrease as crisis-driven purchasing behavior dissipates, adversely affecting the value of our inventory following such downward adjustment. Such risks are similar to the risks of purchasing commodities in uncertain times, such as the risk of purchasing, holding or selling gold. Alternatively, as an emerging asset class with limited acceptance as a payment system or commodity, global crises and general economic downturns may discourage investment in cryptocurrency as investors focus their investment on less volatile asset classes as a means of hedging their investment risk. 
 As an alternative to fiat currencies that are backed by central governments, cryptocurrency, which is relatively new, is subject to supply and demand forces. How such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events is largely uncertain but could be harmful to us. Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of cryptocurrency either globally or locally. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrency that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 
 We may not be able to compete with other companies, some of whom have greater resources and experience. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully against present or future competitors. We do not have the resources to compete with larger providers of similar services at this time. The cryptocurrency industry has attracted various high-profile and well-established operators, some of which have substantially greater liquidity and financial resources than we do. With the limited resources we have available, we may experience great difficulties in expanding and improving our network of computers to remain competitive. Competition from existing and future competitors, particularly those that have access to competitively-priced energy, could result in our inability to secure acquisitions and partnerships that we may need to expand our business in the future. This competition from other entities with greater resources, experience and reputations may result in our failure to maintain or expand our business, as we may never be able to successfully execute our business plan. If we are unable to expand and remain competitive, our business could be negatively affected. 
 The mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment may experience damages, including damages that are not covered by insurance. 
 The mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment are, and any future mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment will be, subject to a variety of risks relating to physical condition and operation, including: 
 the presence of construction or repair defects or other structural or building damage; 
 any non-compliance with or liabilities under applicable environmental, health or safety regulations or requirements or building permit requirements; 
 any damage resulting from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and windstorms; and 
 claims by employees and others for injuries sustained at our properties. 
 For example, the mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment could be rendered inoperable, temporarily or permanently, as a result of a fire or other natural disaster or by a terrorist or other attack on the facilities where our mining equipment is located. Although we have multiple sites in an effort to mitigate this risk, these and other measures we take to protect against these risks may not be sufficient. Any property insurance we obtain in the future may not be adequate to cover any losses we suffer as a result of any of these events. In the event of an uninsured loss, including a loss in excess of insured limits, at any of the mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment, such mining data centers may not be adequately repaired in a timely manner or at all and we may lose some or all of the future revenues anticipated to be derived from our equipment located at such mining data centers. 
 16 

Acceptance and/or widespread use of cryptocurrency is uncertain. 
 Currently, there is a relatively limited use of any cryptocurrency in the retail and commercial marketplace. Banks and other established financial institutions may refuse to process funds for cryptocurrency transactions, process wire transfers to or from cryptocurrency exchanges, cryptocurrency-related companies or service providers, or maintain accounts for persons or entities transacting in cryptocurrency. Conversely, a significant portion of cryptocurrency demand is generated by investors seeking a long-term store of value or speculators seeking to profit from the short- or long-term holding of the asset. Price volatility undermines cryptocurrency s role as a medium of exchange, as retailers are much less likely to accept it as a form of payment. 
 The relative lack of acceptance of cryptocurrency in the retail and commercial marketplace, or a reduction of such use, limits the ability of end users to use them to pay for goods and services. Such lack of acceptance or decline in acceptances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of cryptocurrency we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 
 The decentralized nature of cryptocurrency systems may lead to slow or inadequate responses to crises, which may negatively affect our business. 
 The decentralized nature of the governance of cryptocurrency systems may lead to ineffective decision making that slows development or prevents a network from overcoming emergent obstacles. Governance of many cryptocurrency systems is by voluntary consensus and open competition with no clear leadership structure or authority. To the extent lack of clarity in corporate governance of the blockchain leads to ineffective decision making that slows development and growth of cryptocurrency network protocols, our business may be adversely affected. 
 The lack of regulation of digital asset exchanges which Bitcoin, and other cryptocurrencies, are traded on, may expose us to the effects of negative publicity resulting from fraudulent actors in the cryptocurrency space, and can adversely affect an investment in us. 
 The digital asset exchanges on which Bitcoin is traded are relatively new and largely unregulated. Many digital asset exchanges do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices, or regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, such digital asset exchanges, including prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of digital asset trading. During 2022, a number of companies in the crypto industry declared bankruptcy, including Celsius Network LLC Celsius ), Voyager Digital Ltd., BlockFi Lending LLC, and FTX Trading Ltd. FTX ). In June 2022, Celsius began pausing all withdrawals and transfers between accounts on its platform, and in July 2022, it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Further, in November 2022, FTX, one of the major cryptocurrency exchanges, also filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Such bankruptcies have contributed, at least in part, to further price volatility in most crypto assets, a loss of confidence in the participants of the digital asset ecosystem and negative publicity surrounding digital assets more broadly, and other participants and entities in the digital asset industry have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected. These events have also negatively impacted the liquidity of the digital assets markets as certain entities affiliated with FTX engaged in significant trading activity. As a result of these events, many digital asset markets, including the market for Bitcoin, have experienced increased price volatility. The Bitcoin ecosystem may continue to be negatively impacted and experience long term volatility if public confidence decreases. Further, we have been directly and indrectly impacted by the above recent bankruptcies in the crypto asset space, and may in the future be directly or indirectly impacted by any future bankrupcties in the cyrpto asset space. 
 These events are continuing to develop and it is not possible to predict, at this time, every risk that they may pose to us, our service providers, or the digital asset industry as a whole. A perceived lack of stability in the digital asset exchange market and the closure or temporary shutdown of digital asset exchanges due to business failure, hackers or malware, government-mandated regulation, or fraud, may reduce confidence in digital asset networks and result in greater volatility in cryptocurrency values. These potential consequences of a digital asset exchange s failure could adversely affect an investment in us. 
 17 

It may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell or use cryptocurrencies, participate in blockchains or utilize similar cryptocurrency assets in one or more countries, the ruling of which would adversely affect us. 
 As cryptocurrency has grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrency; certain governments have deemed them illegal, and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while in some jurisdictions, such as in the U.S., subject to extensive, and in some cases overlapping, unclear and evolving regulatory requirements. Until recently, little or no regulatory attention has been directed toward cryptocurrency by U.S. federal and state governments, foreign governments and self-regulatory agencies. As cryptocurrency has grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S. agencies have begun to examine cryptocurrency in more detail. 
 One or more countries, including but not limited to China and Russia, which have taken harsh regulatory action in the past, may take regulatory actions in the future that could severely restrict the right to acquire, own, hold, sell or use these cryptocurrency assets or to exchange for fiat currency. In many nations, particularly in China and Russia, it is illegal to accept payment in cryptocurrencies for consumer transactions and banking institutions are barred from accepting deposits of cryptocurrency. Such restrictions may adversely affect us as the large-scale use of cryptocurrency as a means of exchange is presently confined to certain regions globally. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrency that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and harm investors. 
 Investors may not have the same protections that exist for traditional stock exchanges. 
 Traditional stock exchanges have listing requirements and vet issuers, requiring them to be subjected to rigorous listing standards and rules, and monitor investors transacting on such platform for fraud and other improprieties. Depending on a ledger-based platform s controls and the other policies of the ledger-based platform on which a given cryptocurrency trades, such cryptocurrency may not benefit from the protections afforded to traditional stock exchanges. For ledger-based platforms that do not provide sufficient protections, there is a risk of fraud and manipulation. These factors may decrease liquidity or volume of a given ledger-based platform or of the cryptocurrency industry in general or may otherwise increase volatility of investment securities or other assets trading on a ledger-based system. Such potential decreased liquidity or volume, or increase in volatility may adversely affect us, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrency that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account and harm investors. 
 Our operations, investment strategies and profitability may be adversely affected by competition from other methods of investing in cryptocurrency. 
 We compete with other users and/or companies that are mining cryptocurrency and other potential financial vehicles, including securities backed by or linked to cryptocurrency through entities similar to us. Market and financial conditions, and other conditions beyond our control, may make it more attractive to invest in other financial vehicles, or to invest in cryptocurrency directly. The emergence of other financial vehicles and exchange-traded funds have been scrutinized by regulators and such scrutiny and the negative impressions or conclusions resulting from such scrutiny could be applicable to us and impact our ability to successfully pursue our strategy or operate at all, or to establish or maintain a public market for our securities. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrency that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and harm investors. 
 Cryptocurrency may be subject to loss, theft or restriction on access. 
 There is a risk that some or all of any cryptocurrency that we own could be lost or stolen. Cryptocurrencies are stored in cryptocurrency sites commonly referred to as wallets by holders of cryptocurrencies which may be accessed to exchange a holder s cryptocurrency assets. Access to our cryptocurrency assets could also be restricted by cybercrime 
 18 

(such as a denial of service attack) against a service at which we maintain a hosted hot wallet. A hot wallet refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is connected to the Internet. Generally, hot wallets are easier to set up and access than wallets in cold storage, but they are also more susceptible to hackers and other technical vulnerabilities. Cold storage refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is not connected to the Internet. Cold storage is generally more secure than hot storage, but is not ideal for quick or regular transactions and we may experience lag time in our ability to respond to market fluctuations in the price of our cryptocurrency assets. We expect to hold all of our cryptocurrency in a combination of insured institutional custody services and multisignature cold storage wallets, and maintain secure backups to reduce the risk of malfeasance, but the risk of loss of our cryptocurrency assets cannot be wholly eliminated. Any restrictions on access to our hot wallet accounts due to cybercrime or other reasons could limit our ability to convert cryptocurrency to cash, potentially resulting in liquidity issues. 
 Hackers or malicious actors may launch attacks to steal, compromise or secure cryptocurrency. As we increase in size, we may become a more appealing target of hackers, malware, cyber-attacks or other security threats. Any of these events may adversely affect our operations and, consequently, our investments and profitability. The loss or destruction of a private key required to access our digital wallets may be irreversible and we may be denied access for all time to our cryptocurrency holdings or the holdings of others held in those compromised wallets. Our loss of access to our private keys or a data loss relating to our digital wallets could adversely affect our investments and assets. 
 Cryptocurrencies are controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which they are held, which wallet s public key or address is reflected in the network s public blockchain. To the extent such private keys are lost, destroyed or otherwise compromised, we will be unable to access our cryptocurrency rewards and such private keys may not be capable of being restored by any network. Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store our cryptocurrency could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrency that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 
 Incorrect or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions may be irreversible. 
 Cryptocurrency transactions are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred cryptocurrencies may be irretrievable. As a result, any incorrectly executed or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions could adversely affect our investments and assets. Cryptocurrency transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient of the cryptocurrencies from the transaction. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to a blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a cryptocurrency or a theft thereof generally will not be reversible and we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer or theft. It is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our cryptocurrency rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. Further, at this time, there is no specifically enumerated U.S. or foreign governmental, regulatory, investigative or prosecutorial authority or mechanism through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen cryptocurrency. In the event of a loss, we would be reliant on existing private investigative entities to investigate any such loss of our cryptocurrency assets. To the extent that we are unable to recover our losses from such action, error or theft, such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations of and potentially the value of any cryptocurrency that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 
 Our interactions with a blockchain may expose us to specially designated nationals or blocked persons or cause us to violate provisions of law that did not contemplate distributed ledger technology. 
 The Office of Financial Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury OFAC requires us to comply with its sanction program and not conduct business with persons named on its specially designated nationals list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions, we may inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC s specially designated nationals list. Our policy prohibits any transactions with such specially designated national individuals, but we may not be adequately capable of determining 
 19 

the ultimate identity of the individual with whom we transact with respect to selling cryptocurrency assets. Moreover, federal law prohibits any U.S. person from knowingly or unknowingly possessing any visual depiction commonly known as child pornography. Recent media reports have suggested that persons have embedded such depictions on one or more blockchains. Because our business requires us to download and retain one or more blockchains to effectuate our ongoing business, it is possible that such digital ledgers contain prohibited depictions without our knowledge or consent. To the extent government enforcement authorities literally enforce these and other laws and regulations that are impacted by decentralized distributed ledger technology, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and monetary fines and penalties, which could harm our reputation. 
 Cryptocurrencies face significant obstacles that can lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times. 
 Cryptocurrencies face significant scaling obstacles that can lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times, and attempts to increase the volume of transactions may not be effective. Scaling cryptocurrencies is essential to the widespread acceptance of cryptocurrencies as a means of payment, which widespread acceptance is necessary to the continued growth and development of our business. Many cryptocurrency networks face significant scaling challenges. For example, cryptocurrencies are limited with respect to how many transactions can occur per second. Participants in the cryptocurrency ecosystem debate potential approaches to increasing the average number of transactions per second that the network can handle and have implemented mechanisms or are researching ways to increase scale, such as increasing the allowable sizes of blocks, and therefore the number of transactions per block, and sharding (a horizontal partition of data in a database or search engine), which would not require every single transaction to be included in every single miner s or validator s block. However, there is no guarantee that any of the mechanisms in place or being explored for increasing the scale of settlement of cryptocurrency transactions will be effective, or how long they will take to become effective, which could adversely affect our business. 
 The price of cryptocurrency may be affected by the sale of cryptocurrency by other vehicles investing in cryptocurrency or tracking cryptocurrency markets. 
 The mathematical protocols under which many cryptocurrencies are mined permit the creation of a limited, predetermined amount of currency, while others have no limit established on total supply. To the extent that other vehicles investing in cryptocurrency or tracking cryptocurrency markets form and come to represent a significant proportion of the demand for a cryptocurrency, large redemptions of the securities of those vehicles and the subsequent sale of such cryptocurrency by such vehicles could negatively affect the price and value of the cryptocurrency inventory we hold. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrency that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 
 There are risks related to technological obsolescence, the vulnerability of the global supply chain to cryptocurrency hardware disruption, and difficulty in obtaining new hardware which may have a negative effect on our business. 
 Our mining operations can only be successful and ultimately profitable if the costs of mining cryptocurrency, including hardware and electricity costs, associated with mining cryptocurrency are lower than the price of cryptocurrency. As our mining facility operates, our miners experience ordinary wear and tear, and may also face more significant malfunctions caused by a number of extraneous factors beyond our control. The physical degradation of our miners will require us to, over time, replace those miners which are no longer functional. Additionally, as the technology evolves, we may be required to acquire newer models of miners to remain competitive in the market. 
 Also, because we expect to depreciate all new miners, our reported operating results will be negatively affected. Further, the global supply chain for cryptocurrency miners is presently heavily dependent on China. Should disruptions to the China-based global supply chain for cryptocurrency hardware occur, we may not be able to obtain adequate replacement parts for existing miners or to obtain additional miners from the manufacturer on a timely basis. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to pursue our new strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 20 

We may not adequately respond to price fluctuations and rapidly changing technology, which may negatively affect our business. 
 Competitive conditions within the cryptocurrency industry require that we use sophisticated technology in the operation of our business. The industry for blockchain technology is characterized by rapid technological changes, new product introductions, enhancements and evolving industry standards. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better performance than the software and other technologies we currently utilize, and we may have to manage transitions to these new technologies to remain competitive. We may not be successful, generally or relative to our competitors in the cryptocurrency industry, in timely implementing new technology into our systems, or doing so in a cost-effective manner. As a result, our business and operations may suffer. 
 The reward for mining cryptocurrency in the future may decrease, and the value of cryptocurrency may not adjust to compensate us for the reduction in the rewards we receive from our mining efforts. 
 There is no guarantee that price fluctuations of cryptocurrencies will compensate for the reduction in mining reward. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the trading price of a cryptocurrency or a proportionate decrease in mining difficulty does not follow the decrease in rewards, the revenue we earn from our cryptocurrency mining operations could see a corresponding decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 The value of cryptocurrency may be subject to pricing risk and has historically been subject to wide swings. 
 Cryptocurrency market prices, which have historically been volatile and are impacted by a variety of factors (including those discussed below), are determined primarily using data from various exchanges, over-the-counter markets and derivative platforms. Furthermore, such prices may be subject to factors such as those that impact commodities, more so than business activities, which could be subjected to additional influence from fraudulent or illegitimate actors, real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory or other conditions. Pricing may be the result of, and may continue to result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of cryptocurrencies, inflating and making its market prices more volatile or creating bubble type risks for cryptocurrencies. 
 We may not be able to realize the benefits of forks. Forks in a digital asset network may occur in the future which may affect the value of cryptocurrency held by us. 
 To the extent that a significant majority of users and miners on a cryptocurrency network install software that changes the cryptocurrency network or properties of a cryptocurrency, including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations on the mining of new cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency network would be subject to new protocols and software. However, if less than a significant majority of users and miners on the cryptocurrency network consent to the proposed modification, and the modification is not compatible with the software prior to its modification, the consequence would be what is known as a fork of the network, with one prong running the pre-modified software and the other running the modified software. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two versions of the cryptocurrency running in parallel, yet lacking interchangeability and necessitating exchange-type transactions to convert currencies between the two forks. A fork in a cryptocurrency could adversely affect our business. 
 We may not be able to realize the economic benefit of a fork, either immediately or ever, which could adversely affect our business. If we hold a cryptocurrency at the time of a hard fork into two cryptocurrencies, industry standards would dictate that we would be expected to hold an equivalent amount of the old and new assets following the fork. However, we may not be able, or it may not be practical, to secure or realize the economic benefit of the new asset for various reasons. Additionally, laws, regulations or other factors may prevent us from benefiting from the new asset. 
 21 

If a malicious actor or botnet obtains control in excess of 50 of the processing power active on any cryptocurrency network, it is possible that such actor or botnet could manipulate the blockchain in a manner that adversely affects an investment in us. 
 If a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a majority of the processing power dedicated to mining on any digital asset network it may be able to alter the blockchain by constructing alternate blocks if it is able to solve for such blocks faster than the remainder of the miners on the blockchain can add valid blocks. In such alternate blocks, the malicious actor or botnet could control, exclude or modify the ordering of transactions, though it could not generate new digital assets or transactions using such control. Using alternate blocks, the malicious actor could double-spend its own digital assets (i.e., spend the same digital assets in more than one transaction) and prevent the confirmation of other users transactions for so long as it maintains control. To the extent that such malicious actor or botnet does not yield its majority control of the processing power or the digital asset community does not reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to the blockchain may not be possible. Such changes could adversely affect an investment in us. 
 The approach towards and possible crossing of the 50 threshold indicate a greater risk that a single mining pool could exert authority over the validation of digital asset transactions. To the extent that the digital assets ecosystems do not act to ensure greater decentralization of digital asset mining processing power, the feasibility of a malicious actor obtaining in excess of 50 of the processing power on any digital asset network (e.g., through control of a large mining pool or through hacking such a mining pool) will increase, which may adversely impact an investment in us. 
 Cryptocurrencies, including those maintained by or for us, may be exposed to cybersecurity threats and hacks. 
 As with any computer code generally, flaws in cryptocurrency codes may be exposed by malicious actors. Several errors and defects have been found previously, including those that disabled some functionality for users and exposed users information. Exploitation of flaws in the source code that allow malicious actors to take or create money have previously occurred. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our miners, computer systems and those of third parties that we use in our operations, are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyberattacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our miners and computer systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations. Such events could have a material adverse effect our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 
 Our sponsorship of and investments in a special purpose acquisition company SPAC may expose us and our funds to increased risks and liabilities. 
 We sponsor, or facilitate the acquisition of a company by a SPAC. A SPAC is a special purpose vehicle formed for the purpose of raising capital to eventually acquire or merge with an existing business, which results in the existing business becoming the operating business of a public company in an alternative to the traditional initial public offering process. There are a number of risks associated with sponsoring a SPAC, including: 
 since a SPAC is raised without a specifically identified acquisition target, it may never, or only after an extended period of time, be able to find and execute a suitable business combination, during which period the sponsor capital invested in or committed to the SPAC will not be available for other uses; 
 our investments in a SPAC as its sponsor may be entirely lost if the SPAC does not execute a business combination during the finite permitted time period; 
 a SPAC incurs substantial fees, costs and expenses related to their initial public offerings, being public companies and pursuing business combinations (in some cases, regardless of whether, or when, the SPAC ultimately consummates a transaction); 
 22 

the use of a SPAC as an investment tool has recently become more widespread, and there remains substantial uncertainty regarding the viability of SPAC investing on a large scale, the supply of desirable transactions relative to the pace at which SPACs are currently being formed, potential litigation risks associated with transactions executed by a SPAC and whether regulatory, tax or other authorities will implement additional or adverse policies relating to, or initiate enforcement actions targeting, a SPAC and SPAC investing; and 
 we expect regulatory scrutiny of and enforcement activities directed toward SPACs and other blank check companies to increase. Any losses relating to these developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow, as well as our reputation. 
 If the SPAC that we sponsor does not complete an initial business combination, our entire investment may be lost (other than with respect to public shares we may acquire in the SPAC). 
 As part of our sponsorship of a SPAC, we purchased certain private placement warrants and founder shares of such SPAC at the closing of the SPAC s initial public offering. The private placement warrants and the founder shares, and any additional securities we purchase in the SPAC, will be worthless if the SPAC does not complete an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. In addition, we have made working capital and extension loans directly to the SPAC, which are unlikely to be repaid if the SPAC does not complete an initial business combination. While our SPAC has identified a target and has entered into definitive agreements as such, there is no guarantee that it will close. 
 Our cash and other sources of liquidity may not be sufficient to fund our operations beyond the next 12 months. We may not be successful in raising additional capital necessary to meet expected increases in working capital needs. If we raise additional funding through sales of equity or equity-based securities, your shares will be diluted. If we need additional funding for operations and we are unable to raise it, we may be forced to liquidate assets and/or curtail or cease operations or seek bankruptcy protection or be subject to an involuntary bankruptcy petition. 
 Management has projected that cash on hand may not be sufficient to allow us to continue operations beyond the next 12 months based on our hashing rate at December 31, 2022, if we are unable to raise additional funding for operations. We expect our working capital needs to increase in the future as we continue to expand and enhance our operations. Our ability to raise additional funds for working capital through equity or debt financings or other sources may depend on the financial success of our then current business and successful implementation of our key strategic initiatives, financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in raising the required capital at a reasonable cost and at the required times, or at all. Further equity financings may have a dilutive effect on shareholders and any debt financing, if available, may require restrictions to be placed on our future financing and operating activities. If we require additional capital and are unsuccessful in raising that capital, we may not be able to continue our business operations in the cryptocurrency mining industry or we may be unable to advance our growth initiatives, either of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant changes from our current forecasts, including but not limited to: (i) shortfalls from projected sales levels; (ii) fluctuations in the value of cryptocurrency; (iii) unexpected increases in product costs; (iv) increases in operating costs; and (v) inability to maintain compliance with the requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market and/or inability to maintain listing with the NASDAQ Capital Market could have a material adverse impact on our ability to access the level of funding necessary to continue our operations at current levels. If any of these events occurs or we are unable to generate sufficient cash from operations or financing sources, we may be forced to liquidate assets where possible and/or curtail, suspend or cease planned programs or operations generally or seek bankruptcy protection or be subject to an involuntary bankruptcy petition, any of, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 
 23 

These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 We urge you to review the additional information about our liquidity and capital resources in Item 7. Management s discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this report. If our business ceases to continue as a going concern due to lack of available capital or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 
 A cybersecurity breach into our products could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business, harm our reputation, expose us to significant liability or otherwise damage our financial results. 
 We have in the past, and expect in the future to be, subject to attempted cybersecurity attacks. A cybersecurity breach could negatively affect our reputation as a trusted provider of storage, and data protection products by adversely impacting the market s perception of the security of our products and services. Many of our customers and partners store sensitive data on our products, and a cybersecurity breach related to our products could harm our reputation and potentially expose us to significant liability. 
 We also maintain sensitive data related to our employees, partners and customers, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information on our own systems. We employ sophisticated security measures; however, we may face threats across our infrastructure including unauthorized access, security breaches and other system disruptions. 
 It is critical to our business that our employees , partners and customers sensitive information remains secure, and that our customers perceive that this information is secure. A cybersecurity breach could result in unauthorized access to, loss of, or unauthorized disclosure of such information. A cybersecurity breach could expose us to litigation, indemnity obligations, government investigations and other possible liabilities. Additionally, a cyber-attack, whether actual or perceived, could result in negative publicity which could harm our reputation and reduce our customers confidence in the effectiveness of our solutions, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. A breach of our security systems could also expose us to increased costs including remediation costs, disruption of operations or increased cybersecurity protection costs that may have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we maintain technology errors and omissions liability insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of these types or may not be adequate to indemnify us for liability that may be imposed. Any imposition of liability or litigation costs that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of our insurance coverage could harm our business. 
 We have a history of net losses. We may not achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We have limited non-recurring revenues derived from operations. We have a history of net losses, and we expect to continue to incur net losses and we may not achieve or maintain profitability. We may see continued losses during 2023 and as a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to achieve, sustain or increase profitability in the near future. 
 We are subject to many risks common to early-stage enterprises, including under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financial, and other resources, technology, and market acceptance issues. There is no assurance that we will be successful in achieving a return on shareholders investment and the likelihood of success must be considered considering our stage of operations. 
 24 

Our plans for growth of our service and product segment will place demands upon our resources. If we are unsuccessful in achieving our plan for growth, our business could be harmed. 
 We are pursuing a plan to grow our market for our services and products domestically. The plan will place demands upon managerial, financial, and human resources. Our ability to manage future growth will depend in large part upon several factors, including our ability to rapidly: 
 maintain a sales team to keep end-users and channel partners informed regarding the technical features, issues and key selling points of our services and products; 
 attract and retain qualified technical personnel in order to continue to develop reliable and flexible products and provide services that respond to evolving customer needs; 
 maintain support capacity for end-users as sales increase, so that we can provide post-sales support without diverting resources from product development efforts; and 
 expand our internal management and financial controls significantly, so that we can maintain control over our operations and provide support to other functional areas as the number of personnel and size increases. 
 Our inability to achieve any of these objectives could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our market is competitive and dynamic. New competing products and services could be introduced at any time that could result in reduced profit margins and loss of market share. 
 The technology industry is very dynamic, with new technology and services being introduced by a range of players, from larger established companies to start-ups, on a frequent basis. Our competitors may announce new products, services, or enhancements that better meet the needs of end-users or changing industry standards. Further, new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge. Increased competition may cause price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends on our ability to anticipate technological changes and develop new and enhanced products. 
 The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and increasingly sophisticated customer requirements. The introduction of products embodying new technology and the emergence of new industry standards can negatively impact the marketability of our existing products and can exert price pressures on existing products. It is critical to our success that we are able to anticipate and react quickly to changes in technology or in industry standards and to successfully develop, introduce, manufacture and achieve market acceptance of new, enhanced and competitive products on a timely basis and cost-effective basis. We invest resources towards continued innovation; however, there can be no assurance that we will successfully develop new products or enhance and improve our existing products, that new products and enhanced and improved existing products will achieve market acceptance or that the introduction of new products or enhanced existing products by others will not negatively impact us. Our inability to develop products that are competitive in technology and price and that meet end-user needs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Development schedules for technology products are inherently uncertain. We may not meet our product development schedules, and development costs could exceed budgeted amounts. Our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected if the products or product enhancements that we develop are delayed or not delivered due to developmental problems, quality issues or component shortage problems, or if our products or product enhancements do not achieve market acceptance or are unreliable. We or our competitors will continue to introduce products embodying new technologies, such as new sequential or random-access mass storage devices. In addition, new industry standards may emerge. Such events could render our existing products obsolete or not marketable, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 
 25 

The failure to attract, hire, retain and motivate key personnel could have a significant adverse impact on our operations. 
 Our success depends on the retention and maintenance of key personnel, including members of senior management and our technical, sales and marketing teams. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including competition for such highly skilled personnel; fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions; changes in our management or leadership; competitors hiring practices; and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. The loss of any of these key persons could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our success is also dependent on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical, sales, marketing and finance personnel. Any such new hire may require a significant transition period prior to making a meaningful contribution. Competition for qualified employees is particularly intense in the technology industry, and we have in the past experienced difficulty recruiting qualified employees. Our failure to attract and to retain the necessary qualified personnel could seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. Competition for such personnel can be intense, and no assurance can be provided that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified technical and managerial personnel in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. We do not have key person insurance. 
 Our financial results may fluctuate substantially for many reasons, and past results should not be relied on as indications of future performance. 
 Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and from year to year due to a combination of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 competitive conditions in the industry, including strategic initiatives by us or our competitors, new products or services, product or service announcements and changes in pricing policy by us or our competitors; 
 varying size, timing and contractual terms of orders for our products, which may delay the recognition of revenue; 
 our ability to maintain existing relationships and to create new relationships with channel partners; 
 the discretionary nature of purchase and budget cycles of our customers and end-users; 
 the length and variability of the sales cycles for our products; 
 general weakening of the economy resulting in a decrease in the overall demand for our products and services or otherwise affecting the capital investment levels of businesses with respect to our products or services; 
 increases in the cost of, or limitations on, the availability of materials; and 
 changes in product mix. 
 Further, the markets that we serve are subject to market shifts that we may be unable to anticipate. A slowdown in the demand for workstations, mid-range computer systems, networks and servers could have a significant adverse effect on the demand for our products in any given period. In the past, we have experienced delays in the receipt of purchase orders and, on occasion, anticipated purchase orders have been rescheduled or have not materialized due to changes in customer requirements. Our customers may cancel or delay purchase orders for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, the rescheduling of new product introductions, changes in our customers inventory practices or forecasted demand, general economic conditions affecting our customers markets, changes in our pricing or the pricing of our competitors, new product announcements by us or others, quality or reliability problems related to our products, or selection of competitive products as alternate sources of supply. 
 26 

Thus, there can be no assurance that we will be able to reach profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. We believe that our revenue and operating results will continue to fluctuate, and that period-to-period comparisons are not necessarily indications of future performance. Our revenue and operating results may fail to meet the expectations of public market analysts or investors, which could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common shares. In addition, portions of our expenses are fixed and difficult to reduce if our revenues do not meet our expectations. These fixed expenses magnify the adverse effect of any revenue shortfall. 
 Our plans for implementing our business strategy and achieving profitability are based upon the experience, judgment and assumptions of our key management personnel, and available information concerning the communications and technology industries. If management s assumptions prove to be incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We rely on indirect sales channels to market and sell our branded products. Therefore, the loss of, or deterioration in, our relationship with one or more of our distributors or resellers could negatively affect our operating results. 
 We have relationships with third party resellers, system integrators and enterprise application providers that facilitate our ability to sell and implement our products. These business relationships are important to extend the geographic reach and customer penetration of our sales force and ensure that our products are compatible with customer network infrastructures and with third party products. 
 We believe that our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and maintain strategic relationships with resellers, independent software vendors, system integrators, and enterprise application providers. Should any of these third parties go out of business, or choose not to work with us, we may be forced to increase the development of those capabilities internally, incurring significant expense and adversely affecting operating margins. Any of these third parties may develop relationships with other companies, including those that develop and sell products that compete with ours. We could lose sales opportunities if we fail to work effectively with these parties or they choose not to work with us. Most of our distributors and resellers also carry competing product lines that they may promote over our products. A distributor or reseller might not continue to purchase our products or market them effectively, and each determines the type and amount of our products that it will purchase from us and the pricing of the products that it sells to end user customers. Further, the long-term success of any of our distributors or resellers is difficult to predict, and we have no purchase commitments or long-term orders from any of them to assure us of any baseline sales through these channels. 
 Therefore, the loss of, or deterioration in, our relationship with one or more of our distributors or resellers could negatively affect our operating results. Our operating results could also be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 a change in competitive strategy that adversely affects a distributor s or reseller s willingness or ability to stock and distribute our products; 
 the reduction, delay or cancellation of orders or the return of a significant amount of our products; 
 the loss of one or more of our distributors or resellers; and 
 any financial difficulties of our distributors or resellers that result in their inability to pay amounts owed to us. 
 27 

We are subject to laws, regulations and similar requirements, changes to which may adversely affect our business and operations. 
 We are subject to laws, regulations and similar requirements that affect our business and operations, including, but not limited to, the areas of commerce, intellectual property, income and other taxes, labor, environmental, health and safety, and our compliance in these areas may be costly. While we have implemented policies and procedures to comply with laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies. Any such violation or alleged violation could materially and adversely affect our business. Any changes or potential changes to laws, regulations or similar requirements, or our ability to respond to these changes, may significantly increase our costs to maintain compliance or result in our decision to limit our business or products, which could materially harm our business, results of operations and future prospects. 
 We have made a number of acquisitions in the past and we may make acquisitions in the future. Our ability to identify complementary assets, products or businesses for acquisition and successfully integrate them could affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 In the future, we may continue to pursue acquisitions of assets, products or businesses that we believe are complementary to our existing business and/or to enhance our market position or expand our product portfolio. There is a risk that we will not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates available for sale at reasonable prices, complete any acquisition, or successfully integrate any acquired product or business into our operations. We are likely to face competition for acquisition candidates from other parties including those that have substantially greater available resources. Acquisitions may involve a number of other risks, including: 
 diversion of management s attention; 
 disruption to our ongoing business; 
 failure to retain key acquired personnel; 
 difficulties in integrating acquired operations, technologies, products or personnel; 
 unanticipated expenses, events or circumstances; 
 assumption of disclosed and undisclosed liabilities; and 
 inappropriate valuation of the acquired in-process research and development, or the entire acquired business. 
 If we do not successfully address these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with an acquisition, the acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, our success will depend, in part, on the extent to which we are able to integrate acquired companies (and any additional businesses with which we may combine in the future) into a cohesive, efficient enterprise. This integration process may entail significant costs and delays. Our failure to integrate the operations of companies successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. To the extent that any acquisition results in additional goodwill, it will reduce our tangible net worth, which might adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as our credit capacity and if we proceed with an acquisition, our available cash may be used to complete the transaction, diminishing our liquidity and capital resources, or shares may be issued which could cause significant dilution to existing shareholders. 
 We have implemented cost reduction efforts; however, these efforts may need to be modified, and if we need to implement additional cost reduction efforts it could materially harm our business. 
 We have implemented certain cost reduction efforts. There can be no assurance that these cost reduction efforts will be successful. As a result, we may need to implement further cost reduction efforts across our operations, such as further reductions in the cost of our workforce and/or suspending or curtailing planned programs, either of which could materially harm our business, results of operations and future prospects. 
 28 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 Our ability to compete depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our rights in our intellectual property. We rely on various intellectual property protections, including copyright, trade-mark and trade secret laws and contractual provisions, to preserve our intellectual property rights. We have filed a number of patent applications and have historically protected our intellectual property through trade secrets and copyrights. As our technology is evolving and rapidly changing, current intellectual property rights may not adequately protect us. 
 Intellectual property rights may not prevent competitors from developing products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products. Competitors may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or, if patents are issued to us, design around these patents. To the extent that we have or obtain patents, such patents may not afford meaningful protection for our technology and products. Others may challenge our patents and, as a result, our patents could be narrowed, invalidated or declared unenforceable. The patents that are material to our business began expiring in November 2015. In addition, our current or future patent applications may not result in the issuance of patents in the U.S. or foreign countries. 
 Although we believe we have a proprietary platform for our technologies and products, we may in the future become subject to claims for infringement of intellectual property rights owned by others. Further, to protect our own intellectual property rights, we may in the future bring claims for infringement against others. 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, upon not infringing intellectual property rights owned by others. Although we believe that we have a proprietary platform for our technologies and products, we cannot determine with certainty whether any existing third party patents or the issuance of any third party patents would require us to alter our technology, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. We may become subject to claims by third parties that our technology infringes their intellectual property rights. While we provide our customers with a qualified indemnity against the infringement of third party intellectual property rights, we may become subject to these claims either directly or through indemnities against these claims that we routinely provide to our end-users and channel partners. 
 Further, our customers may use our products in ways that may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties and/or require a license from third parties. Although our customers are contractually obligated to use our products only in a manner that does not infringe third party intellectual property rights, we cannot guarantee that such third parties will not seek remedies against us for providing products that may enable our customers to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 
 In addition, we may receive in the future, claims from third parties asserting infringement, claims based on indemnities provided by us, and other related claims. Litigation may be necessary to determine the scope, enforceability and validity of third party proprietary or other rights, or to establish our proprietary or other rights. Furthermore, despite precautions, it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use our intellectual property without our authorization. Policing unauthorized use of intellectual property is difficult, and some foreign laws do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of Canada or the U.S. To protect our intellectual property, we may become involved in litigation. In addition, other companies may initiate similar proceedings against us. The patent position of information technology firms is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and continues to be the subject of much litigation. No consistent policy has emerged from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or the courts regarding the breadth of claims allowed or the degree of protection afforded under information technology patents. 
 29 

Risks Related to Our Public Company Status and Our Common Shares 
 Sales of common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants, the conversion of outstanding preferred shares, or the effectiveness of our registration statement may cause the market price of our common shares to decline. Currently outstanding preferred shares could adversely affect the rights of the holders of common shares. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had in the aggregate 60,000 Series H Preferred Shares outstanding. The conversion of the outstanding Preferred Shares will result in substantial dilution to our common shareholders. Pursuant to our articles of amalgamation, our Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the voting rights, rights of redemption and other rights and preferences of preferred stock. The Modified Hertford Agreement also provides for certain resale restrictions applicable to the common shares that are issuable upon the conversion of the remaining Series H Preferred Shares during the two-year period ending on December 31, 2024, which are different from the restrictions contained in the Hertford Agreement, as well, commencing January 1, 2023 and terminating on December 31, 2023, holders of Series H Preferred Shares are permitted to (a) convert Series H Preferred Shares in an aggregate amount up to or equal to 3.0 of the aggregate number of Series H Preferred Shares outstanding on the first day of each such month and (b) sell the resulting number (and no greater number) of such converted common shares within such month. Commencing January 1, 2024 and terminating on December 31, 2024, holders of Series H Preferred Shares are permitted to (a) convert Series H Preferred Shares in an aggregate amount up to or equal to 10.0 of the aggregate number of Series H Preferred Shares outstanding on the first day of each such month and (b) sell the resulting number (and no greater number) of such converted common shares within such month. 
 On October 1, 2021, we filed articles of amendment to create a series of preferred shares, being, an unlimited number of Series H Preferred Shares and to provide for the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching thereto. Pursuant to the articles of amendment governing the rights and preferences of outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Shares, each holder of the Series H Preferred Shares, may, subject to prior shareholder approval, convert all or any part of the Series H Preferred Shares provided that after such conversion the common shares issuable, together with all the common shares held by the shareholder in the aggregate would not exceed 9.99 of the total number of our outstanding common shares. Each Series H Preferred Share has a stated value of 1,000 and is convertible into our common shares at a conversion rate equal to one Series H Preferred Share for 1,000 of our common shares. The Series H Preferred Shares are non-voting and do not accrue dividends. 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 we had warrants outstanding for the purchase of up to 19,783,538 common shares having a weighted-average exercise price of 8.03 per share. The sale of our common shares upon exercise of our outstanding warrants, the conversion of the Preferred Shares into common shares, or the sale of a significant amount of the common shares issued or issuable upon exercise of the warrants in the open market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could cause the market price of our common shares to decline or become highly volatile. 
 We may issue additional shares or other equity securities without your approval, which would dilute your ownership interest in us and may depress the market price of our common shares. 
 We may issue additional shares or other equity securities in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions, repayment of outstanding indebtedness or grants without shareholder approval in a number of circumstances. The issuance of additional shares or other equity securities could have one or more of the following effects: 
 our existing shareholders proportionate ownership interest will decrease; 
 the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease; 
 the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share may be diminished; and 
 the market price of our common shares may decline. 
 30 

The market price of our common shares is volatile and may become worthless. 
 The market price for common shares may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market and of bitcoin mining stocks from time to time; 
 future capital raising activities; 
 sales of common shares by holders thereof or by us; 
 changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow us, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those projections; 
 market acceptance of our products and technologies; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our operating results or fluctuations in our operating results; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 
 litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to us and our business; 
 any significant change in our executive officers and other key personnel or Board of Directors; 
 release of transfer restrictions on certain outstanding common shares; and 
 fluctuating or anticipated changes in power markets. 
 Financial markets may experience price and volume fluctuations that affect the market prices of equity securities of companies and that are unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Accordingly, the market price of the common shares may decline even if our operating results, underlying asset values or prospects have not changed. As well, certain institutional investors may base their investment decisions on consideration of our governance and social practices and performance against such institutions respective investment guidelines and criteria, and failure to meet such criteria may result in a limited or no investment in our common shares by those institutions, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common shares. There can be no assurance that fluctuations in price and volume will not occur due to these and other factors. 
 In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may in the future be a target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention from day-to-day operations and consume resources, such as cash. In addition, the resolution of those matters may require us to issue additional common shares, which could potentially result in dilution to our existing shareholders. Expenses incurred in connection with these matters (which include fees of lawyers and other professional advisors and potential obligations to indemnify officers and directors who may be parties to such actions) could adversely affect our cash position. 
 31 

If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our common shares may decline. 
 If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our common shares may decline. The market value of our common shares may vary significantly from the price of our common shares on the date of this Annual Report. 
 In addition, fluctuations in the price of our common shares could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our common shares and our common shares may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. Factors affecting the trading price of our common shares may include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial results or the financial results of companies perceived to be similar to it; 
 changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
 success of competitors; 
 our operating results failing to meet market expectations in a particular period; 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us; 
 operating and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 our ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 
 the volume of our shares available for public sale; 
 any significant change in our board or management; 
 sales of substantial amounts of shares by our directors, executive officers or significant shareholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 
 Broad market and industry factors may depress the market price of our common shares irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general and Nasdaq have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for technology, bitcoin mining or sustainability-related stocks or the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our share price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our common shares also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 Our share price may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their shares have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 
 32 

We will continue to incur substantial costs and obligations as a result of being a public company. 
 As a publicly-traded company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, new and changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure for public companies, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), regulations related thereto and the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and Nasdaq, have increased the costs and the time that must be devoted to compliance matters. We expect these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial costs and lead to a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities. 
 We must comply with the financial reporting requirements of a public company, as well as other requirements associated with being listed on NASDAQ. 
 We are subject to reporting and other obligations under applicable Canadian securities laws, SEC rules and the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market. These reporting and other obligations, including National Instrument 52-102 - Continuous Disclosure Obligations and National Instrument 52-109 - Certification of Disclosure in Issuers Annual and Interim Filings, place significant demands on our management, administrative, operational and accounting resources. Moreover, any failure to maintain effective internal controls could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results could be materially harmed, which could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could result in a lower trading price of our common shares. 
 Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. The inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. Due to the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error, or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 We may be treated as a Passive Foreign Investment Company. 
 There is also an ongoing risk that we may be treated as a Passive Foreign Investment Company PFIC ), for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A non-U.S. corporation generally will be considered to be a PFIC for any taxable year in which 75 or more of its gross income is passive income, or 50 or more of the average value of its assets are considered passive assets (generally, assets that generate passive income). This determination is highly factual, and will depend upon, among other things, our market valuation and future financial performance. Based on current business plans and financial expectations, we expect that we will not be a PFIC for our tax years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and based on current business plans and financial expectations, we expect that we will not be a PFIC for our current tax year ending December 31, 2023 or for the foreseeable future. If we were to be classified as a PFIC for any future taxable year, holders of our common shares who are U.S. taxpayers would be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 
 Certain of our directors, officers and management could be in a position of conflict of interest. 
 Certain of our directors, officers and members of management may also serve as directors and/or officers of other companies. We may contract with such directors, officers, members of management and such other companies or with affiliated parties or other companies in which such directors, officers or members of management own or control. These persons may obtain compensation and other benefits in transactions relating to us. Consequently, there exists the possibility for such directors, officers and members of management to be in a position of conflict. 
 33 

Future sales of common shares by directors, officers and other shareholders could adversely affect the prevailing market price for common shares. 
 Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, officers, directors and other shareholders and their respective affiliates may sell some or all of their common shares in the future. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, such future sales will have on the market price of the common shares prevailing from time to time. However, the future sale of a substantial number of common shares by our officers, directors and other shareholders and their respective affiliates, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices for the common shares. 
 We may issue an unlimited number of common shares. Future sales of common shares will dilute your shares. 
 Our articles permit the issuance of an unlimited number of common shares, and shareholders will have no preemptive rights in connection with such further issuances. Our directors have the discretion to determine the price and the terms of issue of further issuances of common shares in accordance with applicable laws. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 In January 2022, we entered into a lease agreement for administrative offices and research facilities located in Waxahachie, Texas (the Waxahachie Lease for approximately 3,600 square feet and a term of five years. Occupancy was established in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 In July 2022, we entered into a lease agreement for administrative offices located in Greenwich, Connecticut (the Greenwich Lease for approximately 4,200 square feet. The Greenwich Lease began July 11, 2022, has a term of 12 months, without a renewal option. 
 We believe our facilities are adequate for our current and near-term needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 34 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common shares are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ANY . As of March 22, 2023, we had approximately 36 shareholders of record and beneficial owners of our common shares. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common shares to date. Our current intention is to retain any future earnings to support the development of the business of Sphere 3D and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors of Sphere 3D after taking into account various factors, including but not limited to the financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that Sphere 3D may be a party to at the time. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Sphere 3D common shares after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to risks described in Part I, Item 1A. Risks Factors , and elsewhere in this Annual Report. References to Notes are Notes included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Overview 
 In 2022, we commenced operations of our digital mining operation and are dedicated to becoming a leading carbon-neutral Bitcoin mining company. We are establishing an enterprise-scale mining operation through procurement of next-generation mining equipment and partnering with experienced service providers. In addition to digital mining, we deliver data management and desktop and application virtualization solutions through hybrid cloud, cloud and on premise implementations by its reseller network. We achieve this through a combination of containerized applications, virtual desktops, virtual storage and physical hyper-converged platforms. Our products allow organizations to deploy a combination of public, private or hybrid cloud strategies while backing them up with the latest storage solutions. 
 2022 and Recent Key Events 
 In the first quarter of 2023, pursuant to the Modified Hertford Agreement, we issued 5,239,000 common shares for the conversion of 5,239 Series H Preferred Shares. 
 In the first quarter of 2023, we sold 2,066 miners for cash proceeds of 3.1 million. 
 On November 29, 2022, MEOA held a special meeting of stockholders (the MEOA Meeting ). At the MEOA Meeting, MEOA s stockholders approved an Extension Amendment to MEOA s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which MEOA must consummate its initial business combination from November 30, 2022 to May 30, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by MEOA s board of directors. In connection with the MEOA Meeting, the holders of MEOA s shares of its Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. After giving effect to the redemption MEOA s public shares, on November 30, 2022, the Company owned a controlling 
 35 

interest of MEOA and since such time MEOA has been recorded on a consolidated basis. 
 On November 7, 2022, we entered into an agreement with Hertford Advisors Ltd. Hertford modifying the number of outstanding Series H Preferred Shares held by Hertford (the Modified Hertford Agreement ). Pursuant to the Modified Hertford Agreement, the Company cancelled 36,000 Series H Preferred Shares, representing 37.5 of the outstanding Series H Preferred Shares, without payment of any cash consideration. Each Series H Preferred Share is convertible into 1,000 common shares. Hertford will retain 60,000 Series H Preferred Shares, which are non-voting and do not accrue dividends. At our Annual General Meeting held December 20, 2022, shareholders approved the conversion of the remaining 60,000 Series H Preferred Shares, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Company s Articles of Incorporation. The Modified Hertford Agreement also provides for certain resale restrictions applicable to the common shares that are issuable upon the conversion of the remaining Series H Preferred Shares during the two-year period ending on December 31, 2024, which are different from the restrictions contained in the Hertford Agreement. 
 On October 31, 2022, we filed an arbitration request against Core Scientific, Inc. Core Scientific regarding the digital mining hosting sub-license agreement assigned to us on October 5, 2021. We have requested that certain advanced deposits paid be refunded back to us as a result of the modification to our BitFuFu machine purchase agreement. In December 2022, Core Scientific filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. 
 On October 19, 2022, we entered into an amendment to our BitFuFu Agreement. The amended agreement stated no additional payments are required to be made by us, and the purchase order was reduced from 60,000 to approximately 17,000 machines and was completed in December 2022. 
 In September 2022, Compute North filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. In December 2022, the Compute North MA was assigned to GC Data Center Granbury, LLC (the GC Data Center MA and has a term of five years from such assignment date. A deposit of 0.5 million previously paid to Compute North for the last two months of monthly service fees was remitted to GC Data Center on behalf of the Company and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022. 
 On July 25, 2022, the Company received a letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC notifying the Company that it was not in compliance with the requirement of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued inclusion on the NASDAQ Capital Market as a result of the closing bid price for the Company s common stock being below 1.00 for 30 consecutive business days. On January 24, 2023, we received notification from Nasdaq indicating that we will have an additional 180-day grace period, or until July 24, 2023, to regain compliance with the Listing Rule's 1.00 minimum bid requirement for at least 10 consecutive business days. This notification has no effect on the listing of the Company s common shares at this time. 
 On February 15, 2022, and subsequently on March 7, 2022, primarily as a result of comments we received from the SEC relating to an amendment to the registration statement on Form F-4 we filed with the SEC on January 4, 2022 in connection with our proposed merger with Gryphon, we retained two independent investment banks to review the terms of the proposed Gryphon merger transaction. The nature of the review was to provide an independent analysis as to whether the consideration to be paid by us in the proposed merger was fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view and to assess the inputs to the financial models that were used to test such fairness. On April 4, 2022, the Merger Agreement was terminated. The Merger Agreement, among other matters, provided that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement, we would forgive all amounts outstanding under the outstanding Promissory Note and Security Agreement as amended with Gryphon (the Gryphon Note ), and release to Gryphon 850,000 common shares previously deposited into an escrow account for the benefit of Gryphon. As a result of the termination of the Merger Agreement in the second quarter of 2022, we forgave the Gryphon Note which had a balance of 13.1 million and released the 850,000 common shares held in escrow to Gryphon. We will continue our relationship with Gryphon through the Gryphon Master Services Agreement entered into in 2021. 
 36 

Results of Operations - Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 We had revenue of 6.1 million during 2022 compared to 3.7 million during 2021. The 2.4 million increase in net revenue is due to the addition of 3.4 million in revenues from our digital mining operation, offset by a decrease of 1.0 million in service and product, primarily due to the sale of our SnapServer product line. The majority of our revenue was derived from digital currency mining and data management services. Income from our mining segment is a result of bitcoin mining activities in the United States. Income from our product and services segment is primarily generated in the United States. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, direct cost of revenues were 3.4 million and 1.7 million, respectively, representing an increase of 1.7 million, or 100 , primarily due to the addition of our digital mining operation. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 
 Sales and marketing expenses were 1.0 million and 1.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of 0.3 million was primarily due to decreases in advertising and employee related costs associated with a lower average headcount, and share-based compensation. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development expenses were 0.6 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of 0.4 million was primarily due to a decrease in employee and related expenses associated with a lower average headcount. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expenses were 24.1 million and 12.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 11.2 million was primarily due to increases of 8.2 million in share-based compensation primarily related to awards granted to a former executive and certain current executives, 4.5 million primarily related to professional services associated with our expansion into the digital mining industry, 0.9 million of additional insurance cost primarily related to our director and officers insurance, 0.6 million in employee and related expenses primarily associated with a higher average headcount and an executive bonus, 0.4 million of costs primarily related to our transaction with Gryphon which was terminated on April 4, 2022, and 0.3 million of costs related to audit services. These increases were offset by decreases of 2.0 million for legal expenses primarily related to a prior year legal settlement expense not recurring, 1.4 million for a fair value adjustment for a Bitcoin liability subsequently forgiven, and 0.3 million for public relations. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was 28.3 million and 5.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 22.6 million was primarily due to amortization related to our intangible asset for costs directly related to the acquisition of digital mining machines and depreciation of digital mining machines. 
 Impairment of Mining Equipment 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, adverse changes in the business climate, including the decline in the price of Bitcoin and two vendor bankruptcy filings, indicated that an impairment triggering event occurred, and it was determined the carrying value of mining equipment exceeded its estimated fair value. In measuring fair value, we used a weighted probability of the income and market approaches. We compared the indicated fair value to the carrying value of our mining equipment assets, and as a result of the analysis, an impairment charge of 75.9 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 37 

Provision for Losses on Deposits Due to Vendor Bankruptcy Filings 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of two vendors filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, we made provisions of 16.1 million on our previously made deposits to the two such digital mining hosting vendors. 
 Impairment of Acquired Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 Impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets were 13.2 million and 0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, adverse changes in the business climate, including the decline in the price of Bitcoin and two of our vendors, Core Scientific and Compute North filing for bankruptcy, indicated that an impairment triggering event occurred, and we determined the carrying value of finite-lived intangible assets exceeded its estimated fair value. In measuring fair value, we used a weighted income and market approach. We compared the indicated fair value to the carrying value of its finite-lived assets, and as a result of the analysis, an impairment charge of 13.2 million was recorded for supplier agreements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of the disposal of our SnapServer product line, it was determined the carrying value of finite-lived intangible assets exceeded its estimated fair value. In measuring fair value, we used an excess of earnings approach. We compared the indicated fair value to the carrying value of our finite-lived assets, and as a result of the analysis, an impairment charge of 298,000 was recorded for developed technology for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In October 2021, we disposed of our SnapServer product line and removed the related goodwill of 863,000 and is included in the net gain on sale of the asset. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we performed qualitative impairment evaluations on our remaining goodwill and determined that there were indications that the goodwill was impaired and recorded an impairment charge of 522,000. 
 Impairment of Digital Assets 
 Impairment of digital assets was 1.1 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 1.1 million was due to impairment losses recognized on our digital assets. 
 Non-Operating Expenses 
 Impairment of Investments 
 Impairment of investments was 14.5 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 14.5 million was due to a 12.4 million impairment loss recognized on our Filecoiner investments, and 2.1 million impairment loss recognized on our Silicon Valley Technology Partners Preferred Shares . The fair value of the Filecoiner investments was impacted by the decrease in the price of Filecoin since the time of the investments resulting in an impairment. 
 Forgiveness of Note Receivable 
 Forgiveness of note receivable was 13.1 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 13.1 million was due to the forgiveness of our note receivable, including accrued interest, with Gryphon which occurred when the Merger Agreement with Gryphon was terminated by us on April 4, 2022. 
 Provision for Losses on Deposit for Mining Equipment 
 Provision for deposit on mining equipment was 10.0 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 10.0 million was due to a provision made for the deposit we made to NuMiner Global, Inc. NuMiner for the purchase of mining machines. During the second quarter of 2022, we requested the return of the deposit when the purchase agreement was cancelled due to NuMiner not delivering mining machines according to the agreement terms. 
 38 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was nil and 0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of 0.5 million was related to the settlement of all outstanding debt in 2021, primarily our Oasis debt and related interest expense and debt costs. We have no outstanding debt at December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Income and Other, Net 
 Interest income and other, net, was 2.6 million and 2.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, we recognized a gain on forgiveness of liabilities of 2.1 million and interest income of 0.6 million from our notes receivable. In 2021, we sold our SnapServer product line and recorded a gain on the sale of the assets of 5.0 million, in addition, we recognized a gain on the forgiveness of PPP Funds of 1.1 million, including accrued interest, 0.6 million in interest income from notes receivable, and 0.2 million gain on forgiveness of liabilities for settlement of legal fees; offset by warrants issued with a fair value of 2.8 million in consideration for Westworld waiving its rights to consent to any and all past, present and future additional financings by us, 0.7 million penalty fee related to the Series E Preferred for the failure to file a timely registration statement required under the securities purchase agreement and 0.6 million of fees paid to Maxim for penalties related to our fund raises in July and August of 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have recurring losses from operations. Our primary source of cash flow is generated from digital mining revenue and service revenue. We have financed our operations through proceeds from the issuance of public and private equity securities. At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations of 1.3 million compared to 54.4 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents is related primarily to payments for mining equipment and prepayments for power and hosting for our digital mining operation. As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 4.1 million, reflecting a decrease in current assets of 68.1 million and an increase in current liabilities of 1.0 million compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease in current assets was primarily related to cash outflows for operations, mining equipment and hosting services, as well a 16.1 million provision on two vendor deposits for prepaid hosting services as a result of two vendors filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2022. The increase in current liabilities was primarily related to an increase in accrued payroll and employee compensation and liabilities and an advance of funds from our SPAC s identified target for its business combination. Cash management continues to be a top priority. We may incur negative operating cash flows as we work to maintain and increase our digital mining revenue, product sales volume, and maintain operational efficiencies. 
 Management has projected that cash on hand may not be sufficient to allow us to continue operations beyond the next 12 months based on our hashing rate at December 31, 2022, if we are unable to raise additional funding for operations. We expect our working capital needs to increase in the future as we continue to expand and enhance our operations. Our ability to raise additional funds for working capital through equity or debt financings or other sources may depend on the financial success of our then current business and successful implementation of our key strategic initiatives, financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in raising the required capital at a reasonable cost and at the required times, or at all. Further equity financings may have a dilutive effect on shareholders and any debt financing, if available, may require restrictions to be placed on our future financing and operating activities. If we require additional capital and are unsuccessful in raising that capital, we may not be able to continue our business operations in the cryptocurrency mining industry or we may be unable to advance our growth initiatives, either of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant changes from our current forecasts, including but not limited to: (i) shortfalls from projected sales levels; (ii) fluctuations in the value of cryptocurrency; (iii) unexpected increases in product costs; (iv) increases in operating costs; and (v) inability to maintain compliance with the requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market and/or inability to maintain listing with the NASDAQ Capital Market could have a material adverse impact on our ability to access the level of funding necessary to continue our operations at current levels. If any of these events occurs or we are 
 39 

unable to generate sufficient cash from operations or financing sources, we may be forced to liquidate assets where possible and/or curtail, suspend or cease planned programs or operations generally or seek bankruptcy protection or be subject to an involuntary bankruptcy petition, any of, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 
 On November 30, 2022, after giving effect to the redemption of certain public redeemable shares of MEOA, our subsidiary owns a controlling interest of MEOA and it has been consolidated. The following table shows a summary of our cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities, investing activities and financing activities, including MEOA beginning November 30, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (30,771) (28,518) Net cash used in investing activities (22,041) (122,693) Net cash provided by financing activities 205,105 
 Net cash used in operating activities. The use of cash during 2022 was primarily a result of our net loss of 192.9 million, offset by 180.1 million in non-cash items, which primarily included impairments on mining equipment and intangibles, a provision for losses on deposits made due to vendor bankruptcy filings, forgiveness of a note receivable, impairment of investments, provision for losses on deposit for mining equipment, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation, share-based compensation expense, gain of forgiveness of liabilities, change in fair value of crypto asset payable, change in fair value of warrant liabilities, and impairment of digital assets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid 16.5 million for prepayments for our digital asset hosting agreements. 
 Net cash used in investing activities. During 2022, we paid 17.6 million towards digital asset mining machines and shipping costs, we entered into promissory notes receivable with Gryphon and MEOA for 2.5 million and 1.8 million, respectively, and we purchased 0.3 million of carbon credits for future use. The Gryphon note receivable was forgiven on April 4, 2022 upon termination of the Merger Agreement with Gryphon. During 2021, we paid a 92.0 million down payment to BitFuFu for a deposit towards cryptocurrency machines for which delivery began in January 2022, paid a 10.0 million refundable deposit to NuMiner with the intent to enter into an agreement with NuMiner to purchase 60,000 units of new NM440 Machines for the purpose of cryptocurrency mining, purchased 1,500,000 shares of common stock of Filecoiner, Inc., a private company, of 6.0 million, and paid 5.4 million for the purchase of private placement warrants of the SPAC we are sponsoring. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities . During 2021, we received 196.6 million from the issuance of common shares and exercise of warrants, 9.6 million from the issuance of preferred shares, and 0.3 million from the exercise of stock options; offset by 1.1 million of payments for notes payable and 0.2 million of payments for preferred share dividends. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Information 
 During the ordinary course of business, we may provide standby letters of credit to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by us. We have one standby letter of credit to be used for the bond necessary for us to receive mining machines. As of December 31, 2022, there was restricted cash of 0.2 million pledged as collateral for the standby letter of credit. 
 40 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We review our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements include estimates associated with the impairment analysis of long-lived assets. Our significant accounting policies are outlined in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 We estimate the fair value of long-lived assets that have finite useful lives whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. We test for potential impairment of other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives annually or whenever indicators of impairment arise. Significant estimates and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the long-lived assets. A change in any of the estimates and assumptions used may result an impairment charge in our consolidated statement of operations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies , of our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their effect, if any, on us. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Our consolidated financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are set forth at the pages indicated in Item 15(a)(1) and 15(a)(2), respectively. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to give reasonable assurance that information required to be publicly disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 41 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, management has conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management's report in this Annual Report. 
 This report on internal control over financial reporting shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any of our filings, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 42 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to each of our directors and officers. 
 Name 
 Age 
 Director Since 
 Position with Sphere 3D 
 David Danziger (1)(2) 
 66 December 20, 2022 Director 
 Timothy Hanley (1)(2)(4) 
 66 May 31, 2022 Director 
 Susan S. Harnett (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 66 November 11, 2022 Director 
 Vivekanand Mahadevan (1)(3)(4) 
 69 December 1, 2014 Director 
 Duncan J. McEwan (1)(3)(4) 
 69 May 10, 2017 Chairman and Director 
 Patricia Trompeter 55 April 21, 2021 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Kurt L. Kalbfleisch 57 N/A Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Joseph O Daniel 52 N/A President 
 
 _______________ 
 (1) Independent director. 
 (2) Member of Audit Committee. 
 (3) Member of Compensation Committee. 
 (4) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 
 David Danziger has served as a Partner and Senior Vice President of Assurance at MNP LLP, a chartered professional accounting and business advisory firm, since 2013. Previously, Mr. Danziger was a Senior Partner at MSCM LLP, a full-service audit and accounting firm, from 2008 to 2013. Earlier in his career, Mr. Danziger served for over 20 years as a senior partner of Danziger Hochman Partners LLP, an accounting and audit firm that served private and public companies in Canada and the United States. Mr. Danziger has served on the board of directors of Euro Sun Mining Inc. (TSX: ESM), a development stage mining company since 2010. Previously, Mr. Danziger served on various public board of directors, including Li-Metal Corp. (TSXV: LIM) (formally known as Eurotin Inc. (TSXV: TIN)), a battery metal company, from 2009 to October 2021, The Intertain Group Limited (formerly TSX: ITX), an online gaming holding company, from 2011 to January 2020, Gamesys PLC (LSE: GSY) (formally known as Jackpotjoy PLC (LSE: JPJ)), an online gaming operator, from January 2017 to June 2019, Integrity Gaming Corp. (formerly TSXV: IGAM) (now known as Integrity Gaming ULC), a company which focuses on leasing and financing gaming machines, from 2015 to February 2019, Aumento Capital IX Corp. (formerly TSXV: AUIX.P) (now known as Pluribus Technologies Corp. (TSXV: PLRB)), a technology company, from May 2021 to January 2022, Universal Ibogaine Inc. (TSXV: IBO), a life sciences company, from October 2021 to June 2022, Eddy Smart Home Solutions Ltd. (TSXV: EDY), a home improvement company, from February 2021 to January 2022, Era Resources Inc. (TSXV: ERA), a mineral exploration company, from 2014 to June 2017, Aumento Capital V Corp. (formerly TSXV: AMN.P) (now known as Entourage Health Corp. (TSXV: ENTG)), a cannabis production and distribution company, from 2014 to December 2017, Skylight Health Group Inc. (TSXV: SLHG) (formally known as CB2 Insights Inc. (CSE: CBII)), a healthcare services company, from February 2019 to January 2020, Aumento Capital VI Corp. (formerly TSXV: AUO.P) (now known as CryptoStar Inc. (TSXV: CSTR)), a cryptocurrency mining company, from January 2017 to September 2018, and Aumento Capital VII Corp. (formerly TSXC: AUOC.P) (now known as Emerge Commerce Ltd. (TSXV: ECOM)), an acquirer and operator of e-commerce brands, from February 2018 to May 2020. Mr. Danziger is a Chartered Professional Accountant. Mr. Danziger holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree in Economics and Finance from the University of Toronto. 
 43 

Timothy Hanley has served as the Acting Keyes Dean for the College of Business at Marquette University since March 2020. From May 2002 to May 2019, Mr. Hanley worked at Deloitte Touche LLP Deloitte ), where he retired as a Senior Partner. During his 17 years at Deloitte, Mr. Hanley led the firm's Global Consumer and Industrial Products practice, which he helped grow to more than 14 billion in annual revenue. While at Deloitte, Mr. Hanley served in multiple leadership roles, including the U.S. Vice Chairman and Process and Industrial Products Leader. Since June 2019, Mr. Hanley has been an advisor to Deloitte helping them build a leadership development program in Asia. Mr. Hanley began his career at Arthur Andersen in 1978 and served as an audit partner for large manufacturers. Mr. Hanley served as a board member of the National Association of Manufacturers and regularly advises privately held companies in the consumer products, retail, and distribution industries. Mr. Hanley is a seasoned global executive with experience consulting with manufacturers regarding digital transformation, organizational strategy development and execution, acquisitions, and market development. Mr. Hanley is a qualified financial expert and has significant experience in the board room and working with audit committees. Mr. Hanley holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Marquette University. 
 Susan S. Harnett has been a senior advisor to digital startups and mentor at New York s FinTech Innovation Lab since 2015. Ms. Harnett is a founding limited partner in How Women Invest, and a member of the Executive Board of How Women Lead, organizations committed to increasing venture funding to women led companies since November 2022. Ms. Harnett serves as a member of the board of directors of OFG Bancorp. (NYSE: OFG), a financial holding company based in San Juan, Puerto Rico, since June 2019, serving on the Business Risk and Compliance Committee, Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee, and served on the Audit Committee until April 2021. Ms. Harnett is also a current member of the board of directors of Life Storage, Inc. (NYSE: LSI), serving on its Audit and Risk Management and Compensation and Human Capital Committees since February 2021. In April 2021, Ms. Harnett joined the board of GoalSetter as the Astia Venture Capital Representative. Ms. Harnett recently joined the board of American Enterprise Group, a mutual insurance company, where she sits on the audit committee. From 2012 to 2015, Ms. Harnett was Chief Operating Officer of North America for QBE Insurance Group Limited QBE Insurance ), an international insurer and reinsurer. From 2001 to 2012, Ms. Harnett held several key positions at Citigroup Inc. Citi ), a multinational investment bank and financial services company in domestic, international and global roles. The last three positions during her tenure with Citi included President of Local Consumer Lending (2011-2012), Head of Global Business Performance (2008-2011) and CEO of Citibank Germany (2004-2007). Ms. Harnett also served on the Board of Directors and on the Audit Committee of First Niagara Financial Group, a 40 billion in assets publicly traded bank, from 2015 until its acquisition by KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) in 2016. Ms. Harnett has also served on the boards of QBE Insurance, CitiFinancial, and Visa Canada. Ms. Harnett was Chair of Citi s management board in Germany and of the Global Perspectives Advisory Group of Marquette University s College of Business. Ms. Harnett is a Certified Corporate Director by National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) and a Certified Risk Director from the DCRO Institute. Ms. Harnett holds a Bachelor's degree from Marquette University and an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management. 
 Vivekanand Mahadevan has been the Chief Executive Officer of Buurst, Inc., a data performance company, since November 2020. Mr. Mahadevan has also been the Chief Executive Officer of Dev Solutions, Inc., a consulting firm that helps technology startups build next-generation market leaders in data analytics, security, storage and cloud markets since 2012. Mr. Mahadevan was the Chief Strategy Officer for NetApp, Inc., a supplier of enterprise storage and data management software and hardware products and services, from 2010 until 2012. Prior to that time Mr. Mahadevan served as Vice President of Marketing for LSI Corporation, an electronics company that designs semiconductors and software that accelerate storage and networking, from 2009 to 2010. Prior to LSI Corporation, he was Chief Executive Officer of Deeya Energy, Inc., and has also held senior management positions with leading storage and systems management companies including BMC Software, Compaq, Ivita, and Maxxan Systems. Mr. Mahadevan previously served as a member of the board of directors of Violin Memory, Inc. Mr. Mahadevan holds a Master of Business Administration in Marketing and Master of Science degree in Engineering from the University of Iowa as well as a degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology. 
 44 

Duncan J. McEwan is a corporate director, and former President of Diligent Inc., a consulting company he founded in 1991 specializing in M A and strategic advice for technology-based clients. Mr. McEwan was Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of Call-Net Enterprises Inc., a provider of long-distance telephone services until it merged into Rogers Communication Inc. (2004-2005); President and Chief Operating Officer of Sprint Canada Inc., an integrated, national telecommunications provider (2001-2004); Chief Executive Officer of Northpoint Canada Communications, a provider of high-speed data and Internet (DSL) lines (2000-2001); Vice President of Business Development of Canadian Satellite Communications Cancom (1996-1998); and President and Chief Executive Officer of Cancom (1998-2000). Mr. McEwan was Chairman of the Board of Geminare Incorporated, a business continuity and cloud-based software systems provider, from 2010 until October 2021 when the company was sold and has previously served on a number of other public and private company boards. Mr. McEwan holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Zoology from the University of Toronto. 
 Patricia Trompeter has served as our Chief Executive Officer since April 5, 2022. Ms. Trompeter has been the Chairman of the Board of Parsec Capital Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: PCXCU), a special purpose acquisition company Parsec ), since February 2021 and was Chief Executive Officer of Parsec from February 2021 until June 2022. Ms. Trompeter was formerly the Chief Executive Officer of Fact, Inc (OTC: FCTI), a fine art and collectible authentication technology company, from March 2021 to March 2022, a Director since October 2020 and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer from November 2020 to February 2021. Ms. Trompeter was the Chief Executive Officer of Astro Aerospace Ltd. (OTC: ASDN), an electric vertical take-off and landing eVTOL investment and technology company, from June 2021 until June 2022 and a Director from March 2021 to March 2022. Ms. Trompeter is the Founder of Ceres Capital Holdings, a position she has held since October 2020. Ms. Trompeter is a Co-Founder and was Chief Operating Officer of Webbs Hill Partners, LLP, an independent investment and advisory firm growing innovative technologies in emerging markets, from January 2018 to June 2021. Ms. Trompeter was a director of 7MB Holdings LLC from May 2018 to June 2022. Between December 2016 and January 2018, Ms. Trompeter, took a short break from her work to attend to family matters. Ms. Trompeter has over 17 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions, acquisition integration, corporate strategy development, finance and acquisition, business operations, and financial management. Ms. Trompeter has held several key executive roles at GE Capital, including Chief Financial Officer, and serves as a mentor for minority female-owned businesses. Ms. Trompeter holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration, with majors in Finance and Economics from Marquette University. 
 Kurt L. Kalbfleisch has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since December 1, 2014. Mr. Kalbfleisch also served as Chief Financial Officer of Overland Storage, Inc. Overland since February 2008 until his resignation from Overland on July 19, 2022. Previously, Mr. Kalbfleisch served in various other roles at Overland since July 2007, including Senior Vice President, Secretary and Vice President of Finance. Prior to joining Overland, he was a manufacturing budget analyst for McDonnell Douglas Corp. Mr. Kalbfleisch also served on the board of Paladin Group. Mr. Kalbfleisch holds a Bachelor of Arts in Business from Point Loma Nazarene University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of San Diego. 
 Joseph L. O Daniel has served as our President since November 14, 2018. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Unified ConneXions, Inc. from 2001 and as founder of HVE ConneXions, LLC from April 2013 until their acquisitions by us in January 2017. Mr. O Daniel has over 20 years of experience in the virtualization and technology industry and has extensive experience in executive leadership positions. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to the registrant s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Such code is posted on our website and is available at www.sphere3d.com. 
 45 

Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by overseeing the accounting, treasury, financial reporting and risk management processes, and the reviews and audits of our financial statements. The Audit Committee meets at least four times per year and at least once every fiscal quarter, with authority to convene additional meetings, as circumstances require. All Audit Committee members are expected to attend each meeting, in person or via telephone conference. The Audit Committee will invite members of management, auditors or others to attend meetings and provide pertinent information, as necessary. It will hold private meetings with auditors and executive sessions. The Audit Committee may meet privately with any single member of management or any combination of members of management, as it deems appropriate. 
 The members of our Audit Committee are Timothy Hanley, David Danziger and Susan Harnett, each of whom is independent. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Hanley is independent as that term is defined by the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Stock M arket, Inc. and also qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth the compensation for services rendered by the NEOs for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock Awards(1) ) Option Awards(1) ) All Other(2) 
 ) 
 Total Compensation 
 ) 
 Patricia Trompeter (3) 
 2022 254,423 50,000 1,181,649 (4) 1,113,000 (5) 29,678 (6) 2,628,750 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 Peter Tassiopoulos (7) 
 2022 61,790 (8) 5,060,000 (9) 1,072,220 (10) 6,194,010 Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 248,000 (8) 1,300,000 4,742 1,552,742 Kurt L. Kalbfleisch (11) 
 2022 210,000 1,485,643 (12) 126,225 (13) 384,906 (14) 2,206,774 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 100,000 100,000 200,000 Joseph L. O Daniel 
 2022 240,385 25,000 4,056 269,441 President 
 2021 200,000 136,500 4,155 340,655 
 _______________ 
 (1) The amounts shown in these columns represent the fair value on the grant date of the awards granted to these named executive officers during fiscal year 2022 and do not reflect compensation actually received by the named executive officer. These values have been determined under the principles used to calculate the grant date fair value of equity awards for purposes of our financial statements. For a more detailed discussion on the valuation model and assumptions used to calculate the fair value of these awards, see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
 (2) The amounts shown in the All Other Compensation column reflect amounts we paid on each named executive officers behalf for health insurance and life insurance premiums and certain out-of-pocket medical expenses, unless otherwise footnoted. 
 (3) Ms. Trompeter has served as our Chief Executive Officer since April 5, 2022. 
 (4) This amount is comprised of three awards: i) a restricted stock unit for 500,000 shares and a restricted stock unit for 155,000 shares, both granted on April 8, 2022 and were valued at 1.80 per share on the grant date (the closing market price for a share of our common stock on that date); and ii) a restricted stock unit for 2,943 shares granted on June 10, 2022 and was valued at 0.90 per share on the grant date (the closing market price for a share of our common shares on that date). 
 46 

(5) This amount is comprised of one option for 750,000 shares with an exercise price of 1.80 granted on April 8, 2022. 
 (6) This amount includes 13,049 received as a non-employee director prior to Ms. Trompeter s appointment as Chief Executive Officer on April 5, 2022. 
 (7) Mr. Tassiopoulos employment with us terminated on April 4, 2022 at which time he was serving as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Tassiopoulos currently provides services to us as a consultant. 
 (8) The dollar amount reported for Mr. Tassiopoulos is presented after conversion from Canadian Dollar to U.S. Dollar. For 2022 and 2021, the average U.S. Dollar to Canadian Dollar conversion rate in effect was 1.31 and 1.25, respectively. 
 (9) This amount is comprised of one restricted stock unit for 2,000,000 shares granted on April 5, 2022 and was valued at 2.53 per share on the grant date (the closing market price for a share of our common shares on that date). 
 (10) This amount includes 1,068,050 in consulting fees paid to Mr. Tassiopoulos from April 5, 2022 to December 31, 2022. 
 (11) Mr. Kalbfleisch served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary pursuant to a transition services agreement with Overland Storage, Inc. (the Transition Services Agreement from November 2018 until July 19, 2022, at which time Mr. Kalbfleisch resigned from Overland, and on June 20, 2022 he signed an employment agreement with the Company. In April 2020, we began supplementing Mr. Kalbfleisch s salary under the Transition Services Agreement in an amount equal to 100,000 per year. 
 (12) This amount is comprised of two awards: i) a restricted stock unit for 500,000 shares granted on April 5, 2022 and was valued at 2.53 per share on the grant date (the closing market price for a share of our common shares on that date); and ii) a restricted stock unit for 325,000 shares granted on June 27, 2022 and was valued at 0.6789 per share on the grant date (the closing market price a share of our common shares on that date). 
 (13) This amount is comprised of one option for 225,000 shares with an exercise price of 0.6789 granted on June 27, 2022. 
 (14) This amount includes a one-time payment of 360,000 for amounts owed to Mr. Kalbfleisch under his COC Agreement as described below under Employment, Severance and Change in Control Agreements . 
 47 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table provides information about the holdings of stock and option awards by our named executive officers at December 31, 2022. 
 Name Option-based Awards Stock Awards Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Units of Stock Not Vested (#) Market Value of Units of Stock Not Vested(1) ) Exercisable Unexercisable Patricia Trompeter 150,000 (2) 600,000 1.80 4/8/2028 400,000 (3) 110,200 Peter Tassiopoulos 500 395.03 (4) 9/15/2023 Kurt Kalbfleisch 45,000 (5) 180,000 0.6789 6/27/2028 260,000 (6) 71,630 Joseph O Daniel 
 _______________ 
 (1) This column is based on the closing price of our common shares as of December 30, 2022 0.2755). 
 (2) These options vest as follows: 150,000 vested on the grant date (April 8, 2022); 225,000 vests on April 8, 2023; 187,500 vest on April 8, 2024 and 187,500 vest on April 8, 2025. 
 (3) This stock award vests as follows: 150,000 shares vest on April 8, 2023; 125,000 shares vest on April 8, 2024 and 125,000 shares vest on April 8, 2025. 
 (4) The exercise price is presented after conversion from Canadian Dollar to U.S. Dollar based on an exchange rate of 1.36 Canadian Dollar to one U.S. Dollar on December 31, 2022. 
 (5) These options vest as follows: 45,000 vested on the grant date (June 27, 2022); 67,500 vests on June 20, 2023; 56,250 vests on June 20, 2024 and 56,250 vest on June 20, 2025. 
 (6) This stock award vests as follows: 97,500 shares vest on June 20, 2023; 81,250 shares vest on June 20, 2024 and 81,250 shares vest on June 20, 2025. 
 Executive Officer Compensation 
 Our executive compensation programs are determined by the Compensation Committee, within the scope of the authority delegated to it by our Board of Directors and subject to applicable law. The goals of our program are to attract and retain highly qualified and experienced executives and to provide compensation opportunities that are linked to corporate and individual performance. Decisions by the Compensation Committee on our executive compensation programs are subjective and the result of our business judgment, which is informed by the experiences of our members. The named executive officers do not have any role in determining their own compensation, although the Compensation Committee does consider the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer in setting compensation levels for the named executive officers other than himself. The primary components of our executive compensation program are base salary, performance bonuses and long-term equity incentive awards. 
 Base Salaries. Base salaries are primarily intended to attract and retain highly qualified executives by providing them with fixed, predictable levels of compensation. Such base salaries are subject to periodic review and adjustment by the Compensation Committee. 
 Performance Bonuses. The Compensation Committee did not approve a bonus plan for fiscal 2022. 
 48 

Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards. Long-term equity incentives are intended to align the named executive officers interests with those of our shareholders as the ultimate value of these awards depends on the value of our shares. We have historically granted equity awards in the form of stock options with an exercise price that is equal to the per-share closing price of our common shares on the grant date. In recent years, restricted stock units have also been granted as provided for under our 2015 Plan. The Compensation Committee believes that stock options are an effective vehicle for aligning the interests of our executives with those of our shareholders as the executive will only realize value on their options if the share price increases during the period between the grant date and the date the stock option is exercised. The stock options and restricted stock units function as a retention incentive for the named executive officers as they typically vest over a multi-year period following the date of grant. Restricted stock units, which are payable in our common shares, also link the interests of the award recipient with those of our shareholders as the potential value of the award is directly linked to the value of our common shares. The named executive officers equity awards are subject to accelerated vesting in certain circumstances under their agreements with us are described below. 
 Employment, Severance and Change in Control Agreements 
 Patricia Trompeter . Ms. Trompeter has served as our Chief Executive Officer since April 5, 2022. On April 8, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Trompeter (the Trompeter Employment Agreement ). The Trompeter Employment Agreement is effective as of April 8, 2022 and has an initial one-year term. The initial term will automatically be extended for an additional one-year period thereafter, unless terminated by either party within 90 days prior to the renewal date. 
 Under the Trompeter Employment Agreement, we will pay Ms. Trompeter an annual base salary of 350,000. At the discretion of our Board, Ms. Trompeter will be eligible to receive an annual bonus up to 100 of her base salary. Our Board may also determine to issue Ms. Trompeter additional restricted stock units based upon the achievement of certain performance and financial thresholds. 
 Ms. Trompeter is also entitled to health insurance benefits and to participate in any employee benefit plans, life insurance plans, disability income plans, retirement plans, expense reimbursement plans and other benefit plans that we may from time to time have in effect for any of our executive management employees. 
 Upon the closing of a Change of Control of the Company (as defined in the Trompeter Employment Agreement), Ms. Trompeter shall receive a percentage ranging from 2.0 to 3.0 of the consideration received by the Company s common shareholders based upon the amount of the transaction. 
 All compensation and unvested benefits payable under the Trompeter Employment Agreement shall terminate on the date of the termination of Ms. Trompeter s employment, unless Ms. Trompeter s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Ms. Trompeter for good reason, each as defined in the Trompeter Employment Agreement, or as a result of a material breach by us of any of our obligations under the Trompeter Employment Agreement or any other agreement to which the Company and Ms. Trompeter are parties, in which case Ms. Trompeter shall be entitled to (i) continued payment of her base salary at the rate and schedule then in effect for a period of six months after the date of termination, with an additional month of severance to be added for every completed year of service as Chief Executive Officer; (ii) continued health and life insurance benefits Benefits for six months after the date of termination, with an additional month of Benefits to be added for every completed year of service as Chief Executive Officer; and (iii) any unvested stock options and restricted stock units shall vest on the day immediately prior to the termination date. 
 Pursuant to the Trompeter Employment Agreement, on April 8, 2022, Ms. Trompeter received (i) 155,000 fully vested common shares valued at 279,000 based upon the closing price of our common shares on April 8, 2022 of 1.80; 500,000 restricted stock units of the Company valued at 0.9 million based upon the closing price of our common shares on April 8, 2022 of 1.80, of which 20 of the shares vested on April 8, 2022, 30 of the shares vest on the April 8, 2023, 25 of the shares vest on April 8, 2024 and 25 of the shares vest on the April 8, 2025; and (ii) 750,000 stock options to purchase common shares of the Company, 20 of which vested on April 8, 2022; 30 of which vest on April 8, 2023, 25 of which vest on April 8, 2024 and 25 of which vest on April 8, 2025. The stock options have an exercise price of 1.80 and expire on April 8, 2028. In the event of a change of control of the Company (as defined in the 
 49 

Trompeter Employment Agreement), 60 of any unvested restricted stock units and 60 of any unvested stock options will immediately vest as of the day immediately prior to the change of control. Ms. Trompeter also received compensation for her service on our Board, prior to her appointment as our Chief Executive Officer, described below under the section entitled Compensation of Directors. 
 On December 2, 2022, the Board approved a 100,000 bonus for Ms. Trompeter in recognition of successful ongoing restructuring efforts, payable 50 immediately and 50 on such date that we complete a financing in an amount to be determined by the Chairman of the Board as reasonable. 
 On February 28, 2023, Ms. Trompeter received 967,750 restricted stock units of the Company valued at 400,455 based upon the closing price of our common shares on February 28, 2023 of 0.4138, of which 20 of the shares will vest on May 22, 2023 and 80 of the shares will vest on December 1, 2023. 
 Peter Tassiopoulos. Mr. Tassiopoulos served as our Chief Executive Officer from November 14, 2018 until April 4, 2022. In August 2019, we entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Tassiopoulos (the Employment Agreement ). The Employment Agreement provided for Mr. Tassiopoulos to earn an annual base salary of CAD 310,000, which had been his base salary since his appointment as Chief Executive Officer on November 14, 2018. Mr. Tassiopoulos was also eligible to receive bonuses and to participate in the Company s various stock and other retention compensation plans as determined by our Board. In addition, Mr. Tassiopoulos was entitled to a financing bonus (the M A Fee equal to 3.0 of the total value of any transaction relating to the purchase of all of the shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation that is completed during Mr. Tassiopoulos tenure with us and for a period of six months following his ceasing to be an executive of the Company, unless he is terminated by us for cause. The Employment Agreement also provided that if we terminated Mr. Tassiopoulos employment without cause or for good reason (including a change in control of the Company), then we would be obligated to pay him a change of control payment of 0.4 million related to 2018, and carried forward from his prior employment agreement with us, and the M A Fee Payment. In addition, we were required to provide Mr. Tassiopoulos with any pro-rated bonus or other incentives as of the date of termination. 
 In October 2021, the Board approved a discretionary bonus for Mr. Tassiopoulos in the amount of 1.3 million in recognition of his extraordinary efforts in repositioning the Company and his forfeiture of significant historical accrued bonus entitlements since 2014 (which included the entitlement to receive a 4 bonus on proceeds raised from prior capital raises) in order to lower the financial burden on us during challenging periods. 
 Effective April 4, 2022, Mr. Tassiopoulos resigned as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board to explore other opportunities. In connection with his resignation, the Company and Mr. Tassiopoulos signed a separation and general release agreement dated April 4, 2022 pursuant to which Mr. Tassiopoulos will continue to receive healthcare benefits for a period of 12 months, and he received 2,000,000 restricted stock units on April 5, 2022 valued at approximately 5.1 million based upon the closing price of our common shares on April 5, 2022 of 2.53, of which 500,000 shares vested on July 4, 2022 and 1,500,000 shares vested on October 31, 2022 (the Severance Benefits ). The payment of the Severance Benefits is in lieu of our obligation to pay Mr. Tassiopoulos benefits under his Employment Agreement, including the change of control payment and M A Fee. 
 In addition, we entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. Tassiopoulos dated April 4, 2022 with a term of 12 months and a retainer of 1.0 million plus harmonized sales tax (the Consulting Agreement ). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Mr. Tassiopoulos will continue to consult with the Company's management team regarding the transition of our business to cryptocurrency and blockchain and will also assist our new chief executive officer transition into her new role. 
 50 

Kurt L. Kalbfleisch. From November 2018 to June 2022, Mr. Kalbfleisch served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary under a Transition Services Agreement with Overland. As a result of the sale of a subsidiary of the Company in November 2018, Mr. Kalbfleisch ceased to be employed by the Company, and such change of control transaction triggered the right of Mr. Kalbfleisch to receive a payment in the amount of 360,000 (reduced from the original entitlement of 450,000) (the COC Payment from the Company pursuant to an employment agreement with the Company in effect at the time of the sale. In August 2019, we entered into a change of control agreement with Mr. Kalbfleisch (the COC Agreement which provides that if Mr. Kalbfleisch is providing services to us at the time of a change of control, Mr. Kalbfleisch shall be entitled, in his sole discretion, to provide written notice to us at any time within 30 days of receiving written notice of such event, to receive the COC Payment. The COC Agreement also provides that if (i) we terminate Mr. Kalbfleisch s services without cause or Mr. Kalbfleisch terminates his services with us for good reason or (ii) Mr. Kalbfleisch becomes unable to provide services to us, either due to prolonged sickness, permanent disability or death, we shall pay Mr. Kalbfleisch the COC Payment. The COC Payment was paid to Mr. Kalbfleisch by the Company in June 2022 as set forth below. 
 Beginning in April 2020 and ending in June 2022, we supplemented Mr. Kalbfleisch s salary under the Transition Services Agreement in an amount equal to 100,000 per year. 
 In December 2021, the Board approved a discretionary bonus for Mr. Kalbfleisch in the amount of 100,000 to recognize his work effort and success related to various financing transactions, debt restructuring and other corporate matters. 
 On April 5, 2022, the Board approved a discretionary stock award for Mr. Kalbfleisch in the amount of 500,000 restricted stock units valued at approximately 1.3 million based upon the closing price of our common shares on April 5, 2022 of 2.53. The restricted stock units vested in full on April 12, 2022. 
 On June 20, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Kalbfleisch (the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Kalbfleisch will continue to serve in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer. The Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement is effective as of June 20, 2022 and has an initial one-year term. The initial term will automatically be extended for an additional one-year period thereafter, unless terminated by either party within 90 days prior to the renewal date. 
 Under the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement, we will pay Mr. Kalbfleisch an annual base salary of 320,000. In addition, in consideration of amounts owed to Mr. Kalbfleisch under the COC Agreement, Mr. Kalbfleisch also received a one-time cash payment equal to 360,000. At the discretion of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kalbfleisch will be eligible to receive an annual bonus up to 75 of his base salary, payable in U.S. Dollar or Bitcoin at the Chief Executive Officer s discretion. The Chief Executive Officer may also determine to issue Mr. Kalbfleisch additional restricted stock units based upon the achievement of certain performance and financial thresholds to be determined by the Chief Executive Officer, subject to approval by our Board. 
 Mr. Kalbfleisch is also entitled to health insurance benefits and to participate in any employee benefit plans, life insurance plans, disability income plans, retirement plans, expense reimbursement plans and other benefit plans that we may from time to time have in effect for any of its executive management employees. 
 Upon the closing of a Change of Control of the Company (as defined in the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement), Mr. Kalbfleisch shall receive a percentage ranging from 0.1 to 0.7 of the consideration received by our common shareholders based upon the amount of the transaction. 
 All compensation and unvested benefits payable under the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement shall terminate on the date of the termination of Mr. Kalbfleisch s employment, unless Mr. Kalbfleisch s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Mr. Kalbfleisch for good reason, each as defined in the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement, or as a result of a material breach by us of any of our obligations under the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement or any other agreement to which the Company and Mr. Kalbfleisch are parties, in which case Mr. Kalbfleisch shall be entitled to (i) continued payment of his base salary at the rate and schedule then in effect for a period of six months after the date of termination, with an additional month of severance to be added for every completed year of service as Chief Financial 
 51 

Officer plus a pro-rated portion of his bonus; (ii) continued health and life insurance benefits for eight months after the date of termination; (iii) any unvested stock options and restricted stock units shall vest on the day immediately prior to the termination date; and (iv) if such termination, or expiration of the term of the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement, occurs less than 60 days prior to a change of control, we will remain obligated to compensate Mr. Kalbfleisch for any other payments due under a change of control. Pursuant to the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement, on June 27, 2022, Mr. Kalbfleisch received (i) 325,000 restricted stock units of the Company valued at approximately 221,000 based upon the closing price of our common shares on June 27, 2022 of 0.68, of which 20 of the shares vested on August 18, 2022, 30 of the shares vest on June 20, 2023, 25 of the shares vest on June 20, 2024, and 25 of the shares vest on June 20, 2025 and (ii) 225,000 stock options to purchase common shares of the Company, 20 of which vested on June 27, 2022, 30 of which vest on June 20, 2023, 25 of which vest on June 20, 2024 and 25 of which vest on June 20, 2025. The stock options have an exercise price of 0.6789 and expire on June 27, 2028. In the event of a change of control of the Company (as defined in the Kalbfleisch Employment Agreement), 50 of any unvested restricted stock units and 50 of any unvested stock options will immediately vest as of the day immediately prior to the change of control. 
 On February 28, 2023, Mr. Kalbfleisch received 850,000 restricted stock units of the Company valued at 351,730 based upon the closing price of our common shares on February 28, 2023 of 0.4138, of which 20 of the shares will vest on May 22, 2023 and 80 of the shares will vest on December 1, 2023. 
 Joseph L. O Daniel . Mr. O Daniel, who became our President in November 2018, is an at-will employee and his employment may be terminated by us for any reason, with or without notice. On June 13, 2022, Mr. O Daniel s annual salary was increased from 200,000 to 275,000 per year. Mr. O Daniel is eligible to receive an annual bonus based upon the achievement of financial and management objectives reasonably established by our Board or an authorized committee of our Board. Mr. O Daniel s annual bonus target is 100 of the greater of 200,000 or his base salary as of the end of the applicable fiscal quarter or year in which the bonus is earned. Upon his joining us in January 2017, we entered into an offer letter with Mr. O Daniel that provided for him to be paid a retention bonus in the amount of 700,442 if he continued employment with us through January 12, 2018. In February 2018, Mr. O Daniel received an award of fully vested common shares in lieu of cash for a portion of the retention bonus leaving an outstanding balance of 533,802. In September 2019, the Company and Mr. O Daniel entered into a retention agreement (the Retention Agreement with respect to the outstanding portion of the retention bonus Outstanding Retention Bonus ). Under the Retention Agreement, in the event of a change of control of the Company and provided no payment has been made under (i), (ii) or (iii) below, Mr. O Daniel shall be entitled, in his sole discretion, to provide written notice to the Company at any time within 30 days of such event, to receive an amount equal to the Outstanding Retention Bonus. The Retention Agreement also provides that Mr. O Daniel shall be entitled to the Outstanding Retention Bonus if (i) he becomes unable to provide services to the Company, either due to prolonged sickness, permanent disability or death, or (ii) the Company terminates him without cause, or (iii) he resigns his employment for good reason. 
 In 2022 and 2021, Mr. O Daniel received discretionary bonuses in the amounts of 25,000 and 136,500, respectively. 
 On February 28, 2023, Mr. O Daniel received 250,000 restricted stock units of the Company valued at 103,450 based upon the closing price of our common shares on February 28, 2023 of 0.4138, of which 20 of the shares will vest on May 22, 2023 and 80 of the shares will vest on December 1, 2023. 
 2015 Performance Incentive Plan 
 Employees, officers, directors and consultants that provide services to us or one of our subsidiaries may be selected to receive awards under the 2015 Plan. Our Board of Directors has broad authority to administer the 2015 Plan, including the authority to select participants and determine the types of awards that they are to receive, determine the grants levels, vesting and other terms and conditions of awards, and construe and interpret the terms of the 2015 Plan and any agreements relating to the plan. 
 52 

A total of 15,262,425 common shares are authorized for issuance with respect to awards granted under the 2015 Plan (not including shares subject to terminated awards under our Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan that become available for issuance under the 2015 Plan). In addition, the share limit automatically increases on the first trading day in January of each calendar year during the term of the 2015 Plan (commencing with January 2020) by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) ten percent (10 of the total number of common shares issued and outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year, or (ii) such number of common shares as may be established by the Board. Awards under the 2015 Plan may be in the form of incentive or nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock bonuses, restricted stock, stock units and other forms of awards including cash awards. Awards under the plan generally will not be transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, except that the plan administrator may authorize certain transfers. 
 The number and type of shares available under the 2015 Plan and any outstanding awards, as well as the exercise or purchase prices of awards, are subject to customary adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends and certain other corporate transactions. Generally, and subject to limited exceptions set forth in the 2015 Plan, if we dissolve or undergo certain corporate transactions such as a merger, business combination or other reorganization, or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, all awards then-outstanding under the 2015 Plan will become fully vested or paid, as applicable, and will terminate or be terminated in such circumstances, unless the Board of Directors provides for the assumption, substitution or other continuation of the award. The Board of Directors also has the discretion to establish other change in control provisions with respect to awards granted under the 2015 Plan. 
 The Board of Directors may amend or terminate the 2015 Plan at any time, but no such action will affect any outstanding award in any manner materially adverse to a participant without the consent of the participant. Plan amendments will be submitted to stockholders for their approval as required by applicable law or deemed advisable by the Board of Directors. If not earlier terminated by the Board of Directors, the 2015 Plan will terminate on May 14, 2025. The 2015 Plan is not exclusive - the Board of Directors may grant stock and performance incentives or other compensation, in stock or cash, under other plans or authority. 
 53 

Compensation of Directors 
 The following table provides compensation information for the members of our Board of Directors during 2022 who were not employed by us or any of our subsidiaries non-employee directors ). Patricia Trompeter and Peter Tassiopoulos are NEO s who also served on the Board of Directors during fiscal 2022. The 2022 compensation information for Ms. Trompeter and Mr. Tassiopoulos is presented in the Summary Compensation Table above. Ms. Trompeter was a non-employee director until April 4, 2022 and was paid compensation for her service on the Board as described in the Summary Compensation Table above. Mr. Tassiopoulos was not entitled to any additional compensation for his service on the Board during fiscal 2022. 
 Name Fees Earned ) Option Awards (1) 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation ) Total ) David Danziger (2) 
 2,446 99,981 102,427 Timothy Hanley (3) 
 52,555 97,699 150,254 Susan Harnett (4) 
 10,883 10,883 Vivekanand Mahadevan 62,995 201,985 264,980 Duncan McEwan 92,258 201,985 294,243 
 _______________ 
 (1) The amounts shown in this column represent the fair value on the grant date of the awards granted to the non-employee directors during fiscal year 2022 and do not reflect compensation actually received by the non-employee director. These values have been determined under the principles used to calculate the grant date fair value of equity awards for purposes of our financial statements. For a more detailed discussion on the valuation model and assumptions used to calculate the fair value of these awards, see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included herein. The details of these stock options are described below. At December 31, 2022, the end of our last fiscal year, Mr. Danziger held outstanding stock options for 423,290 common shares, Mr. Hanley held outstanding stock options for 123,000 common shares, and Messrs. Mahadevan and McEwan each held outstanding stock options for 552,638 common shares. Our non-employee directors did not hold any stock awards at the end of our last fiscal year. 
 (2) Mr. Danziger joined the Board on December 20, 2022. 
 (3) Mr. Hanley joined the Board on May 31, 2022. 
 (4) Ms. Harnett joined the Board on November 11, 2022. 
 From January 1, 2022 through May 31, 2022, the non-employee directors earned 10,000 per quarter for their service on the Board except that the Chair of the Audit Committee and the Chairman of the Board (or in such circumstances where the Chairman of the Board was not independent of management of the Company, the Lead Board Member) earned 12,500 per quarter for their service on the Board. Each non-employee director was also entitled to receive restricted stock units valued at 40,000 based upon the closing price of our common shares on the first business day of the year, subject to Board approval Annual Stock Award ). 
 In May 2022, we reviewed our Board compensation as compared to our crypto-mining competitors Competitors and determined that the Board compensation was not commensurate with our Competitors or for the time involvement and industry risks for our directors. To attract talented individuals to join the Board, we believed it was in the best interest of us to change the Board compensation. On May 27, 2022, the Board approved a new compensation program for non-employee board members. Beginning June 1, 2022, the non-employee board members will each receive the following compensation: (a) an annual cash payment of 75,000, payable quarterly in arrears (and pro-rated for partial quarterly periods), (b) in the case of the Chairman of the Board, an additional annual cash payment of 20,000, payable quarterly in arrears (and prorated for partial quarterly periods), (c) in the case of a Chairman of each subcommittee of the Board (being the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee), an additional annual cash payment of 15,000, payable quarterly in arrears (and pro-rated for partial quarterly periods), and 
 54 

(d) on an annual basis and at the election of the non-employee director, either: (i) restricted share units having a value of 100,000, to be priced at the market close on the day of our next annual shareholder s meeting, such restricted stock units to vest 364 days following the date of grant, or (ii) that number of stock options equal to 100,000 divided by the value of the options at the time of grant (to be determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model) to be priced at the market close on the day of our next annual shareholder s meeting, such stock options to vest in full 364 days following the date of grant (the New Board Compensation Program ), provided there are sufficient shares available in the 2015 Plan. Pursuant to the New Board Compensation Program, Messrs. Hanley, McEwan and Mahadevan each received a stock option for 123,000 shares with an exercise price of 1.06 vesting in full on December 20, 2022 and expiring on May 31, 2028. 
 On June 10, 2022, the Board retroactively approved the Annual Stock Award for Messrs. McEwan and Mahadevan and Ms. Trompeter on a pro-rata basis covering the period of January 1, 2022 through May 31, 2022 (the end-date for the Board compensation program before the New Board Compensation Program) for Messrs. McEwan and Mahadevan s awards. Ms. Trompeter s pro-rata basis was adjusted to January 1, 2022 through April 4, 2022, the date Ms. Trompeter ceased to be an independent board member. The value of the Annual Stock Awards was based upon the closing price of the Company s stock on January 3, 2022, the first business day of the year. Messrs. McEwan and Mahadevan opted to receive stock options (in lieu of restricted stock units) and each received a stock option for 6,348 shares with an exercise price of 0.90 vesting in full on December 31, 2022. The stock options expire on June 10, 2028. Ms. Trompeter received a restricted stock unit for 2,942 common shares vesting in full on December 31, 2022. 
 On December 30, 2022, pursuant to the New Board Compensation Program, Messrs. Danziger, Mahadevan and McEwan each received a stock option for 423,290 shares with an exercise price of 0.31 vesting in full on December 19, 2023 and expiring on December 20, 2028. The value of the stock option was based upon the closing price of the Company s stock on December 20, 2022, the date of the annual shareholders meeting during fiscal 2022. 
 On February 28, 2023, Ms. Harnett and Mr. Hanley each received 322,580 restricted stock units of the Company valued at 133,484 based upon the closing price of our common shares on February 28, 2023 of 0.4138, vesting in full on December 19, 2023. Pursuant to the New Board Compensation Program, each director is entitled to an annual equity award valued at 100,000 based upon the closing price of our common stock on the date of the annual shareholders meeting. The number of RSU shares granted was based upon the closing price of the Company s common shares of 0.31 on December 20, 2022, the date of the Company s 2022 annual shareholders meeting. 
 In August 2019, we entered into a change of control agreement with Messrs. Mahadevan and McEwan (the COC Agreements ). The COC Agreements provide that in the event of a change of control of the Company and provided no payment has been made under (i) or (ii) below, Messrs. Mahadevan and McEwan shall be entitled, in their sole discretion, to provide written notice to us at any time within 30 days of such event, to receive an amount equal to 127,500 and 115,000, respectively, for directorship services (the COC Board Fees related to waived fees for periods as of June 30, 2019. The COC Agreements also provide that Messrs. Mahadevan and McEwan shall be entitled to the COC Board Fees if (i) he becomes unable to serve on the Board, either due to prolonged sickness, permanent disability or death or (ii) is not reappointed as a member of the board at a duly convened meeting of its shareholders. 
 The Board retains complete discretion to adopt or modify our programs for providing cash and/or equity-based compensation to our non-employee directors as it deems appropriate from time to time. 
 55 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning the direct and beneficial ownership of our common shares at March 22, 2023 by each shareholder known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common shares, each director, and each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table above, and all current directors and executive officers of Sphere 3D as a group: 
 Name Number of Common Shares(1) Beneficial Ownership(2) Patricia Trompeter 913,415 (3) 1.2 Kurt L. Kalbfleisch 615,574 (4) Joseph L. O Daniel 60,625 (5) David Danziger Timothy Hanley 123,000 (6) Susan Harnett Duncan McEwan 157,944 (7) Vivekanand Mahadevan 157,533 (7) Peter Tassiopoulos 1,400,925 (8) 1.9 All current officers and directors as a group (8) 2,028,091 (9) 2.7 
 _______________ 
 less than 1 
 (1) These amounts include common shares, which could be acquired upon exercise or vesting of outstanding convertible securities within 60 days. 
 (2) Based on 73,929,018 shares outstanding on March 22, 2023. 
 (3) These shares include the right to: i) 150,000 shares upon vesting of restricted stock units on April, 8, 2023; ii) 193,550 shares upon vesting of restricted stock units on May 22, 2023; and iii) acquire shares upon exercise of 375,000 stock options. 
 (4) These shares include the right to: i) 170,000 shares upon vesting of restricted stock units on May 22, 2023; and ii) acquire shares upon exercise of 45,000 stock options. 
 (5) These shares include the right to 50,000 shares upon vesting of restricted stock units on May 22, 2023. 
 (6) These shares include the right to acquire shares upon exercise of 123,000 stock options. 
 (7) These shares include the right to acquire shares upon exercise of 129,348 stock options. 
 (8) These shares include the right to acquire shares upon exercise of 500 stock options. 
 (9) These shares include the right to shares upon vesting of restricted stock units and the right to acquire shares upon exercise of stock options as described in footnotes 4 through 8 above. 
 56 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Indemnification of Our Executive Officers and Directors 
 In accordance with the by-laws of the Company, directors and officers are each indemnified by the Company against all liability and costs arising out of any action or suit against them from the execution of their duties, provided that they have carried out their duties honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company and have otherwise complied with the provisions of applicable corporate law. 
 Director Independence 
 The Board has determined that the following current directors are independent within the meaning of NI 58-101 and NI 52-110 and NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2): David Danziger, Timothy Hanley, Susan Harnett, Vivekanand Mahadevan and Duncan J. McEwan. The Board has determined that Patricia Trompeter is not independent because of her position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. As a result, the Board is currently comprised of five independent directors and a majority of independent directors. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The aggregate fees incurred by our current external auditor, MaloneBailey, LLP, in each of the last two years for audit and other fees are as follows (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 
 660 Audit related fees (2) 
 Tax fees (3) 
 All other fees (4) 
 660 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, which were provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements, and are not reported under audit fees. 
 (3) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for IRS Section 302 net operating loss limitation study. 
 (4) All other fees consist of fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 
 57 

The aggregate fees incurred by our predecessor external auditor, Smythe LLP, in each of the last two years for audit and other fees are as follows (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 
 68 146 Audit related fees (2) 
 2 Tax fees (3) 
 1 9 All other fees (4) 
 22 69 179 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, which were provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements, and are not reported under audit fees. 
 (3) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for IRS Section 302 net operating loss limitation study. 
 (4) All other fees consist of fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 
 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 The Audit Committee has the authority to pre-approve all non-audit services to be provided to us by our independent auditor. All services provided by MaloneBailey, LLP during the year 2022 and Smythe LLP during the year 2021 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 1 
 Report of Independent R egistered Pu blic Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not applicable or are not required or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits. 
 List of Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See part (b) below. 
 58 

(b) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Filed Incorporated by Reference Number Description Herewith Form File No. Date Filed 3.1 Certificate and Articles of Amalgamation 
 6-K 001-36532 3/25/2015 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 6-K 001-36532 7/17/2017 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 8-K 001-36532 10/2/2018 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 8-K 001-36532 11/5/2018 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 8-K 001-36532 11/14/2018 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 8-K 001-36532 7/12/2019 3.7 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 8-K 001-36532 11/8/2019 3.8 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 8-K 001-36532 5/8/2020 3.9 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 8-K 001-36532 9/29/2020 3.10 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 6-K 001-36532 1/7/2021 3.11 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 6-K 001-36532 7/15/2021 3.12 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Amalgamation of the Company 
 6-K 001-36532 10/4/2021 3.13 By-Law No. 1, as Amended 
 6-K 001-36532 7/17/2017 3.14 By-Law No. 1 Amending Agreement 
 6-K 001-36532 2/1/2022 3.15 By-Law No. 1 Amending Agreement 
 8-K 001-36532 1/13/2023 3.16 By-Law No. 2 
 6-K 001-36532 5/12/2017 4.1 Specimen certificate evidencing Common Shares 
 F-3 333-210735 4/13/2016 4.2 Description of Securities 
 X 4.3 Form of Warrant 
 8-K 001-36532 4/17/2018 4.4 Form of Warrant 
 8-K 001-36532 3/27/2020 4.5 Form of Warrant 
 6-K 001-36532 7/15/2021 4.6 Form of A Warrant 
 6-K 001-36532 8/27/2021 4.7 Form of B Warrant 
 6-K 001-36532 8/27/2021 4.8 Form of Warrant 
 6-K 001-36532 9/9/2021 4.9 Form of Warrant 
 6-K 001-36532 10/4/2021 
 59 

Exhibit Filed Incorporated by Reference Number Description Herewith Form File No. Date Filed 4.10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 14, 2020, between the Company and Rainmaker Worldwide Inc. 
 8-K 001-36532 9/18/2020 10.1+ Sphere 3D Corp. Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan 
 F-4 333-197569 7/23/2014 10.2+ Sphere 3D Corp. 2015 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 001-36532 5/15/2019 10.3+ Form of Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 S-8 333-209251 2/1/2016 10.4+ Form of Executive Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 S-8 333-209251 2/1/2016 10.5+ Form of Executive Stock Option Agreement 
 10-K 001-36532 3/21/2018 10.6+ Sphere 3D Corp. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended 
 S-8 333-205236 1/29/2018 10.7+ Offer of Employment Letter between Sphere 3D Corp. and Joseph O Daniel dated January 25, 2017 
 10-K 001-36532 4/1/2019 10.8+ Form of Officer and Director Indemnity Agreement 
 10-K 001-36532 4/1/2019 10.9+ Consulting Agreement between Sphere 3D Corp. and Tass Consulting dated April 4, 2022 
 6-K 001-36532 4/8/2022 10.10+ Amended and Restated Retention Agreement between Sphere 3D Corp. and Joseph O Daniel dated September 15, 2019 
 10-Q 001-36532 11/14/2019 10.11+ Form of Change of Control Agreement between Sphere 3D Corp. and Vic Mahadevan and Duncan McEwan dated August 15, 2019 
 10-Q 001-36532 11/14/2019 10.12+ Employment Agreement between Sphere 3D Corp. and Kurt Kalbfleisch dated June 20, 2022 
 6-K 001-36532 6/24/2022 10.13+ Employment Agreement between Sphere 3D Corp. and Patricia Trompeter dated April 5, 2022 
 6-K 001-36532 4/8/2022 10.14 Form of Subscription Agreement for Convertible Debenture 
 8-K 001-36532 3/27/2020 10.15 Form of Purchase Agreement dated September 14, 2020 
 8-K 001-36532 9/18/2020 10.16 Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated September 23, 2020 between Sphere 3D Corp. and Westworld Financial Capital, LLC 
 8-K 001-36532 9/29/2020 10.17 First Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated March 9, 2021 between Sphere 3D Corp. and Westworld Financial Capital, LLC 
 6-K 001-36532 3/18/2021 10.18 Second Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated October 1, 2021 between Sphere 3D Corp. and Westworld Financial Capital, LLC and Form of Warrant 
 6-K 001-36532 10/4/2021 10.19 Form of Purchase Agreement dated July 12, 2021 
 6-K 001-36532 7/15/2021 10.20 Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2021, by and among Sphere 3D Corp. and Hertford Advisors Ltd. 
 6-K 001-36532 8/6/2021 10.21# Agreement with Shareholder between Sphere 3D Corp. and Hertford Advisors Ltd. dated November 7, 2022 
 6-K 001-36532 11/14/2022 10.22 Form of Purchase Agreement dated August 25, 2021 
 6-K 001-36532 8/27/2021 
 60 

Exhibit Filed Incorporated by Reference Number Description Herewith Form File No. Date Filed 10.23# Future Sales and Purchase Agreement between FuFu Technology Limited and Sphere 3D, dated July 30, 2021 
 F-4 333-262011 1/5/2022 10.24# Supplemental Agreement to Future Sales and Purchase Agreement between FuFu Technology Limited and Sphere 3D Corp , dated September 17, 2021 
 F-4 333-262011 1/5/2022 10.25# Amendment to Future Sales and Purchase Agreement (Third Supplemental Agreement) between Sphere 3D Corp. and Ethereal Tech Pte. Ltd (formerly known as FuFu Technology Limited) dated October 19, 2022 
 6-K 001-36532 10/21/2022 10.26 Master Services Agreement dated August 19, 2021 between Sphere 3D Corp. and Gryphon Digital Mining Inc. 
 6-K 001-36532 8/25/2021 10.27 Amendment No. 1 to Master Services Agreement dated December 29, 2021 between Sphere 3D Corp. and Gryphon Digital Mining Inc. 
 6-K 001-36532 1/5/2022 10.28 Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among Sphere 3D Corp. and the investors identified on the signature pages thereto, dated September 2, 2021 
 6-K 001-36532 9/9/2021 10.29# Sub-License and Delegation Agreement, between Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc. and Sphere 3D Corp., dated as of October 5, 2021 
 F-4 333-262011 1/5/2022 10.30 Amendment No. 1 to Sub-License and Delegation Agreement, between Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc. and Sphere 3D Corp., dated as of December 29, 2021 
 6-K 001-36532 1/5/2022 10.31 Sales and Purchase Agreement dated February 3, 2022 between Sphere 3D Corp. and NuMiner Global, Inc. 
 6-K 001-36532 2/4/2022 10.32 Waxahachie, Texas Lease Agreement dated January 25, 2022 between HVE Inc. and BarBell Real Estate, LLC 
 X 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy 
 6-K 001-36532 4/1/2015 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 
 61 

Exhibit Filed Incorporated by Reference Number Description Herewith Form File No. Date Filed 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL as contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 _______________ 
 + Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 
 # Certain confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) by means of marking such portions with brackets [ ] the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) are customarily and actually treated as private or confidential. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 62 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Sphere 3D Corp. /s/ Patricia Trompeter Patricia Trompeter Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: March 31, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Patricia Trompeter and Kurt L. Kalbfleisch, jointly and severally, as their attorney-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for her or him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ P ATRICIA T ROMPETER 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 31, 2023 Patricia Trompeter /s/ K URT L. K ALBFLEISCH 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 31, 2023 Kurt L. Kalbfleisch /s/ D AVID D ANZIGER 
 Director March 31, 2023 David Danziger /s/ T IMOTHY H ANLEY 
 Director March 31, 2023 Timothy Hanley /s/ S USAN S. H ARNETT 
 Director March 31, 2023 Susan S. Harnett /s/ V IVEKANAND M AHADEVAN 
 Director March 31, 2023 Vivekanand Mahadevan /s/ D UNCAN J. M C E WAN 
 Director March 31, 2023 Duncan McEwan 
 63 

_______________________________________________ 

SPHERE 3D CORP. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Sphere 3D Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sphere 3D Corp. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Going Concern Matter 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and does not expect to have sufficient working capital to fund its operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 /s/ 
 www.malonebailey.com 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Sphere 3D Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Sphere 3D Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operation, comprehensive loss, cash flows, and shareholders equity (deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has a net working capital deficiency, and may not be able to amend, refinance, or pay off its debt and credit facilities, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 F-2 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements; and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of Filecoiner, Inc. Preferred Shares 
 As described in Notes 3 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company received 8,000 Series B preferred shares of Filecoiner, Inc. Filecoiner ( Filecoiner Series B shares as consideration for the sale of its SnapServer product line to Filecoiner. The fair value of the Filecoiner Series B shares was estimated to be 6.4 million by management. The valuation of the Filecoiner Series B shares required management to make significant estimates and judgments. Management determined the fair value using a Monte Carlo Simulation and a capital option pricing model. The significant assumptions used by management to value the Filecoiner Series B shares included Filecoiner s forecasted revenues, discount rate, volatility, risk free rate and cost of debt. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to valuation of Filecoiner preferred shares is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgments by management to determine the fair values of the series B preferred shares, which included significant assumptions related to Filecoiner s revenue forecast, discount rate, volatility and cost of debt; (ii) the significant audit effort due to a high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment to evaluate the audit evidence obtained related to the significant assumptions used in the valuation, and (iii) the audit effort which involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures also included, among others, (i) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of possible valuations of Filecoiner Series B shares based on third party data and independently developed assumptions of Filecoiner s discount rate, volatility and cost of debt, and (ii) comparing the independent estimate to management s estimate to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate. 
 Valuation of equity instruments issued under the Hertford Agreement 
 As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issued 4,500,000 common shares with a fair value of 11.4 million and 96,000 Series H Preferred Shares Series H shares with a fair value of 42.4 million to Hertford Advisors Ltd. Hertford for rights to a number of cryptocurrency mining hardware agreements and a mining facility agreement. In addition, as described in Note 11, the Company issued 2,880,000 common shares with a fair value of 12.8 million as a fee to Majestic Dragon. The valuation of the Series H shares and common shares issued by the Company required management to make significant estimates and judgments. The significant assumptions used by management to value the Series H shares included fair market value estimates of comparable cryptocurrency mining hardware equipment. The significant assumptions used by management to value the common shares issued to Hertford and Majestic Dragon involved assessing a relevant holding period, risk free rate and volatility. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to valuation of equity instruments issued under the Hertford Agreement is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgments by management to determine the fair values of the Series H shares and common shares issued; (ii) the significant audit effort due to a high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment to evaluate the audit evidence obtained related to the significant assumptions used in the valuation, and (iii) the audit effort which involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 F-3 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures also included, among others, (i) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of possible valuations for the equity instruments issued based on third party data and independently developed assumptions of the Company s risk free rate, holding period and volatility, and (ii) comparing the independent estimate to management s estimate to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate. 
 /s/ 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 
 March 30, 2022 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2019 to 2022. 

F-4 

Sphere 3D Corp. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except shares) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Digital assets Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Notes receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Funds held in trust account Investments Notes receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued payroll and employee compensation Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting fee Warrant liabilities Deferred revenue, long-term Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Series H preferred shares, par value, unlimited shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Redeemable non-controlling interest Total temporary equity Shareholders equity: Common shares, par value; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Sphere 3D Corp. shareholders equity Non-controlling interest ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities, temporary equity, and shareholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Sphere 3D Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Digital mining revenue Service and product revenue Total revenues Operating costs and expenses: Cost of digital mining revenue Cost of service and product revenue Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Impairment of mining equipment Provision for losses on deposits due to vendor bankruptcy filings Impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets Impairment of digital assets Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Impairment of investments ) Forgiveness of note receivable ) Provision for losses on deposit for mining equipment ) Interest income and other, net Interest expense, related party ) Interest expense ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net loss ) ) Less: Non-controlling interest loss ) Net loss attributable to Sphere 3D Corp. ) ) Dividends on preferred shares Net loss attributable to common shareholders ) ) Net loss per share: Net loss per share basic and diluted Shares used in computing net loss per share: Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Sphere 3D Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Sphere 3D Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except shares) 
 Common Shares Preferred Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Non-controlling Interest Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) Issuance of preferred shares, net Issuance of common shares for conversion of preferred shares ) ) Issuance of common shares and warrants, net Acquisition of intangible asset Issuance of common shares for the settlement of liabilities Issuance of common shares for conversion of convertible debt Issuance of common shares pursuant to the vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of warrants for settlement of liabilities Exercise of warrants Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Preferred dividends ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common shares for the purchase of intangible assets Issuance of common shares and warrants for the settlement of liabilities Issuance of common shares for vested restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for income taxes Share-based compensation Non-controlling interest ) ) Adjustment to increase non-controlling interest to maximum redemption value ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Sphere 3D Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: Impairment of mining equipment Provision for losses on deposits made due to vendor bankruptcy filings Impairment of investments Impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets Forgiveness of note receivable Provision for losses on deposit for mining equipment Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Gain on forgiveness of liabilities ) ) Issuance of common shares and warrants for settlement of liabilities Change in fair value of crypto asset payable ) Impairment of digital assets Digital assets issued for services Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Realized gain on sale of digital assets ) Noncash lease cost Gain on disposal of product line ) Gain on forgiveness of debt ) Preferred shares penalty fee Amortization of debt issuance costs Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Digital assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued payroll and employee compensation ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities: Cash assumed in connection with consolidation of SPAC Payments for purchase of property and equipment ) ) Notes receivable ) ) Purchase of intangible assets ) Investments ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 F-9 

Sphere 3D Corp. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common shares and warrants Proceeds from issuance of preferred shares Proceeds from exercise of outstanding warrants Payments for debt ) Proceeds from debt Payments for line of credit, net ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments for preferred share dividends ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for taxes Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Reclassification of deposit for mining equipment received Cancellation of preferred shares Issuance of common shares for acquisition of intangible asset Amounts accrued for purchases of property and equipment Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease obligation Issuance of preferred shares for acquisition of intangible asset Issuance of common shares for settlement of liabilities Issuance of common shares for conversion of convertible debt 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

Sphere 3D Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management has projected that cash on hand may not be sufficient to allow the Company to continue operations beyond the next 12 months based on our hashing rate at December 31, 2022, if we are unable to raise additional funding for operations. We expect our working capital needs to increase in the future as we continue to expand and enhance our operations. Our ability to raise additional funds for working capital through equity or debt financings or other sources may depend on the financial success of our then current business and successful implementation of our key strategic initiatives, financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in raising the required capital at a reasonable cost and at the required times, or at all. Further equity financings may have a dilutive effect on shareholders and any debt financing, if available, may require restrictions to be placed on our future financing and operating activities. We require additional capital and if we are unsuccessful in raising that capital, we may not be able to continue our business operations in the cryptocurrency mining industry or we may be unable to advance our growth initiatives, either of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 F-11 

2. 

F-12 

Such transactions resulted in a loss of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively, was recorded. 
 F-13 

in the period in which the impairment is identified. The impaired digital assets are written down to their fair value at the time of impairment and this new cost basis will not be adjusted upward for any subsequent increase in fair value. Gains are not recorded until realized upon sale or disposition. 
 Digital assets awarded to the Company through its mining activities are included within operating activities on the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. The sales of digital assets are included within operating activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows and any realized gains or losses from such sales are included in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company accounts for its gains or losses in accordance with the first in first out (FIFO) method of accounting. 
 Addition of digital assets Digital assets issued for services ) Realized gain on sale of digital assets Impairment loss ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 . 
 F-14 

months to years for supplier agreements, for channel partner relationships, and for customer relationships as this method most closely reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the assets will be consumed. 
 The Company has purchased carbon credits that it intends to use. As it intends to use these carbon credits, the assets have been classified as intangible assets. When the carbon credit is used, it will be expensed as an operating expense. 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-15 

F-16 

Advertising expenses were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 operating segments. 
 F-17 

F-18 

3. 
 shares of Series B preferred stock of Filecoiner Filecoiner Series B Preferred Stock with a fair value equal to million determined using valuation models. The Company recorded a gain on the sale of the assets of million and is included in interest income and other, net on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 4. 
 million to Hertford. The fair value was measured using Level 2 inputs, which included publicly available machine contract pricing. In addition, in August 2021, the Company issued common shares to Hertford with a fair value of million. The fair value was measured using Level 1 and 2 inputs, which included a marketability discount. 
 million to Majestic Dragon. The fair value was measured using Level 1 and 2 inputs, which included a marketability discount. 
 F-19 

5. 
 . The entire principal amount of this note will be used solely for purposes of making a payment pursuant to the Investment Management Trust Agreement dated August 25, 2021 by and between MEOA and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York limited liability trust company, for an extension of consummation of an initial business combination. . 
 In February, March 2022 and September 2022, the Company s subsidiary, SPAC Sponsor, in connection with the MEOA Commitment Agreement, entered into promissory notes with MEOA for a loan in the aggregate amount of million. . 
 On November 30, 2022, after giving effect to the redemption of public shares of MEOA, the Company s subsidiary owns a controlling interest of MEOA and it has been consolidated. These two above promissory notes are eliminated in consolidation at December 31, 2022. 
 Rainmaker Promissory Note 
 In September 2020, the Company entered into a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note with Rainmaker (the Rainmaker Note ), pursuant to which the Company loaned Rainmaker the principal amount of million. The Rainmaker Note is secured as a registered lien under the Uniform Commercial Code and the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) against the assets of Rainmaker and bears interest at the rate of per annum. The principal and interest accrue monthly and are due and payable in full on . The Company has the right, at any time, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Rainmaker Note and interest into at the conversion price as defined in the Rainmaker Note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding Rainmaker Note balance, including accrued interest, was million and million, respectively. 
 Gryphon Promissory Note 
 In July 2021, the Company entered into a Promissory Note and Security Agreement with Gryphon, which was amended on August 30, 2021, September 29, 2021, and further amended on December 29, 2021 (the Gryphon Note as amended). The Gryphon Note, pursuant to which the Company loaned in the aggregate to Gryphon million, had a payment schedule whereby the principal and accrued interest shall be forgiven upon the termination of the Merger Agreement. The Gryphon Note was unsecured and bore interest at the rate of per annum. On April 4, 2022, the Merger Agreement was terminated and million, including interest, was forgiven and written off to other expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding Gryphon Note balance, including accrued interest, was and million, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 shares of common stock of Filecoiner, a private corporation, at a price equal to per share and was recorded at cost. As of December 31, 2021, the Filecoiner common stock held by the Company was recorded on a cost basis or million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an impairment for the common stock of Filecoiner held and recorded an impairment expense of million. 
 F-20 

shares of Series B preferred stock of Filecoiner Filecoiner Series B Preferred Stock for consideration for the sale of its SnapServer product line to Filecoiner. The preferred shares have a liquidation preference of per share, do not accrue dividends nor have voting rights. The initial conversion price for the Series B Preferred Stock is equal to per share. The conversion price from time to time in effect is subject to adjustment as hereinafter defined in the Filecoiner acquisition agreement. The fair value of the Filecoiner Series B Preferred Stock was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following inputs: discount rate of , risk-free rate of , cost of debt of , together with a capital option pricing model using the following inputs: volatility of and risk-free rate of . As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the Filecoiner Series B Preferred Stock held by the Company was million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an impairment for the preferred stock of Filecoiner held and recorded an impairment expense of million. 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 In April 2021, the Company sponsored a special purpose acquisition company SPAC ), Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. MEOA ), through the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC SPAC Sponsor ). MEOA s purpose is to focus initially on transactions with companies that are minority owned businesses. In April 2021, SPAC Sponsor paid of deferred offering costs on behalf of MEOA in exchange for shares of MEOA s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company held an aggregate of shares of MEOA s Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2021, the Founder Shares were recorded on a cost basis. 
 In August 2021, SPAC Sponsor participated in the private sale of an aggregate of Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant. The SPAC Sponsor paid million to MEOA, which included million from an investor participating in SPAC Sponsor. The Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after MEOA completes a business combination. MEOA s IPO was completed on August 30, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Private Placement Warrants were recorded on a cost basis. 
 In August 2022, MEOA entered into a business combination agreement with MEOA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MEOA Merger Sub ), and Digerati Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Digerati ), pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Digerati (the Digerati Merger ), with Digerati surviving the Digerati Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of MEOA, and with Digerati s equity holders receiving shares of MEOA common stock. 
 On November 29, 2022, MEOA held a special meeting of stockholders (the MEOA Meeting ). At the MEOA Meeting, MEOA s stockholders approved an amendment (the Extension Amendment to MEOA s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which MEOA must consummate its initial business combination from November 30, 2022 to May 30, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by MEOA s board of directors. On November 30, 2022, after giving effect to the redemption of public shares of MEOA, the Company s subsidiary owns a controlling interest of MEOA and it has been consolidated. The above SPAC investments are eliminated in consolidation at December 31, 2022. 
 Silicon Valley Technology Partners Preferred Shares 
 In November 2018, in connection with the divestiture of Overland, the Company received SVTP Preferred Shares with a fair value of million. The Company concluded it does not have a significant influence over 
 F-21 

million. 
 
 7. 
 Prepaid services Prepaid insurance Other 
 Accumulated depreciation ) Subtotal Right of use asset Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for property and equipment was million during the year ended December 31, 2022, inclusive of ROU asset amortization of . 
 Impairment of Mining Equipment 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, adverse changes in the business climate, including the decline in the price of Bitcoin and two vendor bankruptcy filings, indicated that an impairment triggering event occurred, and it was determined the carrying value of mining equipment exceeded its estimated fair value. In measuring fair value, the Company used a weighted probability of the income and market approaches. For the income approach, the Company used discounted cash flow analysis and for the market approach, the Company used the sales price (market price) of similar assets. The Company compared the indicated fair value to the carrying value of its mining equipment assets, and as a result of the analysis, an impairment charge of million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of the Company s miners is classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Prepaid insurance and services Deposit for mining equipment Other 
 F-22 

8. 
 Channel partner relationships Customer relationships Developed technology Capitalized development costs Accumulated amortization: Supplier agreements ) ) Channel partner relationships ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Developed technology ) ) Capitalized development costs ) ) ) ) Total finite-lived assets, net Carbon credits held for future use Total intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Estimated amortization expense for intangible assets is approximately million, million, million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively. 
 Hertford Asset Acquisition 
 . In exchange for the assignment of the Equipment Agreements for which the Company has the right, but not the obligation to complete, in 2021 the Company issued to Hertford common and preferred shares with an aggregate value of million and was included in supplier agreements. 
 In November 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Hertford modifying the number of outstanding preferred shares held by Hertford (the Modified Hertford Agreement ). Pursuant to the Modified Hertford Agreement, the Company cancelled Series H Preferred Shares, with a value of million, without payment of any cash consideration, and reduced the value of the supplier agreement intangible asset by such amount. 
 F-23 

million was recorded for supplier agreements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of the Company s disposal of its SnapServer product line, it was determined the carrying value of finite-lived intangible assets exceeded its estimated fair value. In measuring fair value, the Company used an excess of earnings approach. The Company compared the indicated fair value to the carrying value of its finite-lived assets, and as a result of the analysis, an impairment charge of was recorded for developed technology for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 and is included in the net gain on sale of the asset. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company performed qualitative impairment evaluations on its remaining goodwill and determined that there was indications that the goodwill was impaired and recorded an impairment charge of . 
 
 9. 
 . Each Series H Preferred Share has a stated value of . The Series H Preferred Shares are non-voting and do not accrue dividends. 
 In connection with the Hertford Agreement the Company entered into in July 2021, on October 1, 2021, the Company issued Series H Preferred Shares with a fair value of million to Hertford. The issuance of the Series H Preferred Shares was triggered by the Company s million deposit made to BitFuFu for digital mining hardware and other equipment. The Company committed to additional issuances of Series H Preferred Shares to Hertford upon execution of new digital mining hardware equipment contracts as defined in the Hertford Agreement. 
 In November 2022, the Company entered into the Modified Hertford Agreement. Pursuant to the Modified Hertford Agreement, the Company cancelled Series H Preferred Shares, with a value of million, without payment of any cash consideration, and reduced the value of the supplier agreement intangible asset by such amount. The Modified Hertford Agreement also provides for certain resale restrictions applicable to the common shares that are issuable upon the conversion of the remaining Series H Preferred Shares during the two-year period ending on December 31, 2024, which are different from the restrictions contained in the Hertford Agreement, as well, commencing January 1, 2023 and terminating on December 31, 2023, holders of Series H Preferred Shares are permitted to (a) convert Series H Preferred Shares in an aggregate amount up to or equal to of the aggregate number of Series H Preferred Shares outstanding on the first day of each such month and (b) sell the resulting number (and no greater number) of such 
 F-24 

of the aggregate number of Series H Preferred Shares outstanding on the first day of each such month and (b) sell the resulting number (and no greater number) of such converted common shares within such month. 
 In accordance with the authoritative guidance for distinguishing liabilities from equity, the Company has determined that its Series H preferred shares carry certain redemption features beyond the control of the Company. Accordingly, the Series H Preferred Shares are presented as temporary equity and an amount of million has been reclassified from equity to temporary equity as at December 31, 2021. The reclassification had no effect on loss available to shareholders or cash flows from operating activities. 
 and , respectively. 
 
 10. 
 unregistered common shares, with a fair value of million, to Bluesphere Ventures Inc. for the right to acquire up to carbon credits. As of December 31, 2022, of the carbon credits have been retired. 
 In March 2022, in connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company issued into escrow common shares with a fair value of million. On April 4, 2022, the Merger Agreement with Gryphon was terminated by the Company and the common shares were released to Gryphon as stated by the escrow agreement. 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with PGP Capital Advisors. PGP which was amended on February 7, 2022, to provide financial advisory services (as amended, the PGP Consulting Agreement ). As compensation for PGP s services to be provided pursuant to the PGP Consulting Agreement, on February 7, 2022, the Company issued to PGP (i) common shares, (ii) warrants to purchase up to common shares at an exercise price of per share, (iii) warrants to purchase up to common shares at an exercise price of per share, and (iv) warrants to purchase up to common shares at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are immediately exercisable and expire from the issuance date. The common shares and warrants issued to PCP had, in the aggregate, a fair value of million. 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with MCSK Holdings Ltd. MCSK to advise and assist the Company in developing and implementing appropriate plans and materials for presenting the Company and its business plan, strategy and personnel to certain identified providers of utilities for the purpose of establishing cryptocurrency operations (the MCSK Consulting Agreement ). As compensation for MCSK s services to be provided pursuant to the MCSK Consulting Agreement, the Company issued to MCSK common shares with a fair value of million. 
 In October 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of million for a fee incurred under the July 31, 2021 Majestic Dragon agreement related to the Series H Preferred Shares issued to Hertford on October 1, 2021. The Company applied a discount for lack of marketability of common shares for the six-month restriction based on a put option pricing model using volatility of and a risk-free rate of . In August 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of under the Majestic Dragon agreement for a finder s fee related to the Hertford Agreement. 
 In October 2021, in consideration for Westworld waiving its rights to consent to any and all past, present and future additional financings by the Company, the parties entered into a second amendment to the Westworld SPA under which the Company issued to Westworld, warrants to purchase common shares of the Company, which such warrants have a fair value of million, a term of , and an exercise price of per share. 
 F-25 

common shares, no par value, and warrants to purchase an aggregate of common shares of the Company at a combined offering price of per share. The warrants have an exercise price of per share. Each warrant is exercisable for one common share and is immediately exercisable and will expire from the issuance date. . Net proceeds, after deducting placement agent's fees, commissions and other offering expenses, were approximately million. Maxim Group LLC Maxim acted as the sole placement agent in connection with the offering. The proceeds were used, in part, towards the purchase of crypto mining machines. 
 In August 2021, the Company completed the purchase and sale of units (collectively, the Units and individually, a Unit at a combined offering price of per Unit with each Unit consisting of (a) one common share of the Company, (b) a warrant to purchase one common share of the Company at an exercise price of per share immediately exercisable and will expire from the issuance date (the A Warrant ), and (c) a warrant to purchase one common share of the Company at an exercise price of per share immediately exercisable and will expire from the issuance date (the B Warrant (collectively the August 2021 Warrants ). (i.e., assuming the conversion of all rights to receive common shares of the Company held by the warrant holder). In addition, as an introduction fee, the Company issued to OTC Hospitality Group A Warrants and B Warrants, with the same terms as the August 2021 Warrants, to purchase, in the aggregate, up to common shares and paid to OTC Hospitality Group in cash. Net proceeds were approximately million. The Company used the proceeds for general corporate and working capital purposes. 
 In May 2021, the Company completed the closing of its underwritten public offering of common shares at a price to the public of per share. Maxim acted as the sole placement agent in connection with the offering. The Company granted to Maxim a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional common shares, at the public offering price less underwriting discounts and commissions, of which Maxim has exercised its option to purchase the additional common shares. In addition, the Company issued Maxim warrants, with a cashless provision, to purchase up to common shares at a purchase price of . Net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses were approximately million, inclusive of the over-allotment. 
 In May 2021, the Company entered into a settlement and termination agreement with Torrington, and as full and final settlement of all amounts owing under the February 13, 2020 Business Advisory Agreement, whether fixed, contingent or otherwise, the Company issued to Torrington, as a one-time payment, share certificates representing common shares of the Company with a fair value of . 
 In May 2020, the Company entered into an equity purchase agreement and registration rights agreement with Oasis Capital, LLC Oasis ), to purchase from the Company up to million worth of common shares of the Company. In November 2021, the equity purchase agreement with Oasis was terminated by the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and common shares, respectively, to Oasis for gross proceeds of and million, respectively. 
 F-26 

authorized shares of common shares at par value are available to the Company. 
 March 2020 July 2021 August 2021 August 2021 September 2021 October 2021 February 2022 February 2022 February 2022 
 
 11. 
 common shares are authorized for issuance with respect to awards granted under the 2015 Plan (not including shares subject to terminated awards under our Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan that become available for issuance under the 2015 Plan). In addition, the share limit will automatically increase on the first trading day in January of each calendar year during the term of the 2015 Plan by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the total number of common shares issued and outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year, or (ii) such number of common shares as may be established by the Board. The 2015 Plan authorizes the board of directors to grant stock and options awards to directors, employees and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately share-based awards available for future grant. 
 The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP authorizes the purchase of up to common shares by employees under the plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no offering periods available to employees. 
 F-27 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Options outstanding December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited Options outstanding December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest December 31, 2022 Exercisable December 31, 2022 
 The fair value of each option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility was based on the Company s historical share price. The risk-free interest rate is determined based upon a constant maturity U.S. Treasury security with a contractual life approximating the expected term of the option. The expected term of options granted is based on term of the award. Option awards can be granted for a maximum term of up to . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the intrinsic value of stock options exercised was nil and million, respectively. 
 - 
 n/a Expected term (in years) n/a Risk-free interest rate - 
 n/a Dividend yield n/a 
 F-28 

Granted Vested and released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding December 31, 2021 Granted Vested and released ) Forfeited Outstanding December 31, 2022 
 The estimated fair value of RSUs was based on the market value of the Company s common shares on the date of grant. RSUs typically vest over a period of to from the original date of grant. The total grant date fair value of RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. The fair value of RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and , respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 During 2021, the Company granted restricted stock awards RSA to certain employees, directors and consultants in lieu of cash payment for services performed. The estimated fair value of the RSAs was based on the market value of the Company s common shares on the date of grant. The RSAs were fully vested on the date of grant. The fair value of the RSAs vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately million. 
 Granted Vested ) Outstanding December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Outstanding December 31, 2022 
 F-29 

General and administrative Total share-based compensation expense 
 Stock options 
 
 12. 
 Options and RSUs outstanding Preferred shares 
 
 13. 
 F-30 

unrecognized tax benefits. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that, within the next 12 months, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits may remain unchanged. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. The Company had material accrual for interest and penalties on its consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and recognized interest and/or penalties in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.) ) Foreign ) Total ) ) 
 to loss before income taxes to the total income tax provision (benefit) reported in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations is as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Income tax at statutory rate ) ) Foreign rate differential ) Change in valuation allowance Share-based compensation expense Change to provision and other true-ups Deferred tax write-off Forgiveness of debt ) Impairment of acquired intangible assets Other differences Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are shown below. 
 F-31 

Intangible assets Property and equipment Provision for losses on deposits due to vendor bankruptcy filings Share-based compensation Other Deferred tax assets, gross Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Right of use liability ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 Net deferred tax liabilities is included in other non-current liabilities. At December 31, 2022, the Company had Canadian net operating loss carryforwards of million. These carryforwards will begin expiring , unless previously utilized. At December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of million that have no expiration date, and state net operating loss carryforwards of million that begin expiring in unless previously utilized. The Company also has net capital loss carryforwards in Canada of million, which are available indefinitely to offset taxable capital gains. 
 F-32 

14. 
 square feet and has a term of . Occupancy was established in November 2022. The Company also pays a pro rata share of operating costs, insurance costs, utilities and real property taxes. 
 Rent expense for the operating lease was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining ROU assets 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining term of the operating lease is approximately years. The weighted-average discount rate for the operating lease was . 
 Greenwich Lease 
 On July 11, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for administrative offices located in Greenwich, Connecticut (the Greenwich Lease for approximately square feet. The Greenwich Lease began July 11, 2022, has a term of 12 months, without a renewal option. The Company will also pay a pro rata share of utilities. The Company has elected the short-term lease exception for the accounting of this lease. Rent expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Services Agreements 
 On June 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Master Agreement with Compute North LLC (the Compute North MA for, the colocation, management and other services of certain of the Company s mining equipment for an initial term of . In September 2022, Compute North filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has deposits, in the aggregate, of million to Compute North for which the Company has recorded a million provision for losses on the deposit due to Compute North s bankruptcy filing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred costs under the Compute North MA. 
 F-33 

from such assignment date. Under the GC Data Center MA, the monthly service fee is payable based on the actual hashrate performance of the equipment per miner type per location as a percentage of the anticipated monthly hashrate per miner type. A deposit of million previously paid to Compute North for the last two months of monthly service fees was remitted to GC Data Center on behalf of the Company and is included in prepaid digital hosting services at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred costs under the GC Data Center MA of million. 
 On August 19, 2021, the Company entered into a Master Services Agreement with Gryphon (the Gryphon MSA ). To provide greater certainty as to the term of the Gryphon MSA, on December 29, 2021, the Company and Gryphon entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Gryphon MSA (the Gryphon MSA Amendment which extended the initial term of the Gryphon MSA to as the Company did not receive delivery of a specified minimum number of digital mining machines during 2022. Subject to written notice from the Company and an opportunity by Gryphon to cure for a period of up to days, the Company shall be entitled to terminate the Gryphon MSA in the event of: (i) Gryphon s failure to perform the services under the Gryphon MSA in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with generally recognized digital mining industry standards for similar services, or (ii) Gryphon s gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct in connection with performing the services. Gryphon shall be entitled to specific performance or termination for cause in the event of a breach by the Company, subject to written notice and an opportunity to cure for a period of up to days. As consideration for the Gryphon MSA, In addition, any costs Gryphon incurs on the Company's behalf are to be reimbursed to Gryphon as defined in the Gryphon MSA. The Company incurred costs under this agreement of million and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Digital Mining Hosting Sub-Lease 
 On October 5, 2021, the Company entered into a Sub-License and Delegation Agreement Hosting Sub-Lease by and between Gryphon and the Company, which assigned to the Company certain Master Services Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2021 (the Core Scientific MSA ), by and between Core Scientific, Inc. Core Scientific ), and Gryphon and Master Services Agreement Order #2 Order 2 ). On December 29, 2021, the Company and Gryphon entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Sub-Lease Agreement (the Sub-Lease Amendment to provide Gryphon the right to recapture the usage of up to 50 of the hosting capacity to be managed by Core Scientific. As part of the agreement, Core Scientific will provide digital mining fleet management and monitoring solution, Minder , data analytics, alerting, monitoring, and miner management services. The Hosting Sub-Lease shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Core Scientific MSA and/or Order 2 in accordance with their respective terms. On October 31, 2022, the Company filed an arbitration request against Core Scientific regarding the Hosting Sub-Lease. The Company has requested that certain advanced deposits paid be refunded back to it as a result of the modification to the Company s machine purchase agreement with FuFu Technology Limited (now Ethereal Tech Pte. Ltd.). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had paid million towards the Hosting Sub-Lease, which the Company recorded a million provision for losses on the pre-paid portion of the deposit due to Core Scientific s Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing in December 2022. The Company incurred costs under this agreement of million and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Majestic Dragon Financial Advisory Services 
 In July 2021, the Company retained, Majestic Dragon Financial Services Ltd. Majestic Dragon ), to provide consulting and financial advisory services to the Company commencing on the closing of the Hertford Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2021, for a term ending on the date on which Majestic Dragon and its affiliates or any funds managed by Majestic Dragon cease to own, directly or indirectly, any equity interests of the Company. In January 2022, the Company mined its first Bitcoin and recorded expense of million for a 100 Bitcoin liability to Majestic Dragon. 
 F-34 

million, included in interest income and other, net. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a fair value adjustment of million to the Bitcoin liability, included in general and administrative expense. 
 NuMiner Machine Purchase Agreement 
 In November 2021, the Company paid a million refundable deposit to NuMiner Global, Inc. NuMiner and in February 2022, entered into an agreement with NuMiner to purchase units of new NM440 Machines (the NuMiner Agreement for the purpose of mining digital assets. In June 2022, the NuMiner Agreement was terminated and the Company requested the million deposit be refunded. At December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a million provision for losses on the deposit for mining equipment due to collectability issues with NuMiner. 
 Underwriting Agreement 
 Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement for MEOA s initial public offering, as amended on August 30, 2022, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred underwriting fee of million, which is recorded as deferred underwriting fee in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, and is held in a restricted trust account upon the completion of MEOA s initial business combination. 
 Letters of credit 
 During the ordinary course of business, the Company provides standby letters of credit to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s had outstanding standby letter of credit to be used for the bond necessary for the Company to receive mining machines. 
 Warranty and Extended Warranty 
 The Company had and in deferred costs included in other current and non-current assets related to deferred service revenue at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Revenue recognized during the period ) Change in liability for warranties issued during the period Liabilities sold ) Liability at December 31, 2021 Revenue recognized during the period ) Change in liability for warranties issued during the period Liability at December 31, 2022 Current liability Non-current liability Liability at December 31, 2022 
 Litigation 
 
 F-35 

15. 
 operating segments, (1) Digital Mining and (2) Service and Product. The relevant guidance requires that segment disclosures present the measure(s) used by the chief operating decision maker to decide how to allocate resources and for purposes of assessing such segments performance. 
 The Digital Mining segment generates revenue from the digital currency the Company earns through its bitcoin mining activities. The Service and Product segment generates revenue from long-term customer contracts for service contracts and extended service contract and the sale of products related to the Company s data storage product line. 
 Digital Mining Segment 
 The Company generates its digital mining revenue from mining pool operator. The Company s revenue from digital mining is generated in the United States. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had supplier of mining equipment. 
 Service and Product Segment 
 Service and product had the following customers that represented more than 10 of revenue. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Customer A Customer B 
 The Company s revenue from service and product is generated primarily in the United States. 
 Service and product had the following receivable s that represented more than 10 of accounts receivable. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Customer A Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F 
 
 16. 
 common shares for the conversion of Series H Preferred Shares. 
 In the first quarter of 2023, the Company sold miners originally included in mining equipment, for cash proceeds of million. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company granted RSUs with a fair value of million and a vesting period of . 

F-36 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit42descriptionofsecu.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 Sphere 3D Corp. (the Company authorized capital shares consist of unlimited number of common shares, no par value unlimited number of Series A Preferred Shares, no par value unlimited number of Series B Preferred Shares, no par value unlimited number of Series C Preferred Shares, no par value unlimited number of Series D Preferred Shares, no par value unlimited number of Series E Preferred Shares, no par value unlimited number of Series F Preferred Shares, no par value unlimited number of Series G Preferred Shares, no par value and unlimited number of Series H Preferred Shares, no par value. As of March 22, 2023, issued and outstanding were 73,929,018 common shares, and 54,761 Series H Preferred Shares. There are no Series A, Series B, Series C, Series D, Series E, Series F, or Series G Preferred Shares outstanding. The conversion of the outstanding Series H Preferred Shares will result in substantial dilution to our common shareholders. Pursuant to our articles of amalgamation, the Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the voting rights, rights of redemption and other rights and preferences of preferred shares. The Series H Preferred Shares have no voting rights. 
 The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of the Business Corporation Act (Ontario) and our Articles and By-laws. The Company encourages you to review its 
 Articles of Amendment dated October 1, 2021 
 Articles of Amendment dated July 13, 2021 
 Articles of Amendment dated January 4, 2021 
 Articles of Amendment dated September 29,2020 
 Articles of Amendment dated May 6, 2020 
 Articles of Amendment dated November 6, 2019 
 Articles of Amendment dated July 12, 2019 
 Articles of Amendment dated November 13, 2018 
 Articles of Amendment dated November 5, 2018 
 Articles of Amendment dated September 28, 2018 
 Articles of Amendment dated July 11, 2017 
 Articles of Amalgamation dated March 24, 2015 
 By-law No. 1, as amended and 
 By-law No. 2. 
 Common Shares 
 Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Each outstanding common share entitles the holder to one vote on all matters presented to the shareholders for a vote. Holders of common shares have no cumulative voting, pre-emptive, subscription or conversion rights. All common shares to be issued pursuant to this registration statement will be duly authorized, fully paid and non-assessable. Our Board of Directors determines if and when distributions may be paid out of legally available funds to the holders. To date, the Company has not declared any dividends with respect to its common shares. Our declaration of any cash dividends in the future will depend on our Board of Directors determination as to whether, in light of our earnings, financial position, cash requirements and other relevant factors existing at the time, it appears advisable to do so. The Company does not anticipate paying cash dividends on the common shares in the foreseeable future. 
 Rights Upon Liquidation . Upon liquidation, subject to the right of any holders of preferred shares to receive preferential distributions, each outstanding common share may participate pro rata in the assets remaining after payment of, or adequate provision for, all our known debts and liabilities. 
 Majority Voting . Two holders representing not less than 25 of the outstanding common shares constitute a quorum at any meeting of the shareholders. A plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders elects our directors. The common shares do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, the holders of a majority of the outstanding 

common shares can elect all of our directors. In general, a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders must authorize shareholder actions other than the election of directors. 
 Preferred Shares 
 Authority of Board of Directors to Create Series and Fix Rights Authority of Board of Directors to Create Series and Fix Rights. Under our certificate of amalgamation, as amended, our Board of Directors can issue an unlimited number of preferred shares from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors is authorized to fix by resolution as to any series the designation and number of shares of the series, the voting rights, the dividend rights, the redemption price, the amount payable upon liquidation or dissolution, the conversion rights, and any other designations, preferences or special rights or restrictions as may be permitted by law. Unless the nature of a particular transaction and the rules of law applicable thereto require such approval, our Board of Directors has the authority to issue these preferred shares without shareholder approval. 
 Series H Preferred Shares 
 The holders of Series H Preferred Shares have the following rights, restrictions and privileges in respect of their preferred shares 
 The Series H Preferred Shares are convertible into 1,000 Sphere 3D common shares for every Series H Preferred Share. Each holder may convert such holders Series H Preferred Shares provided that after such conversion the common shares issuable, together with all the Sphere 3D common shares beneficially owned by the shareholder, in the aggregate, would not exceed 9.99 of the total number of outstanding Sphere 3D common shares. 
 Pursuant to an agreement between the Company and Hertford Advisors Ltd. dated November 7, 2022, there are certain conversion and resale restrictions applicable to the common shares that are issuable upon the conversion of the Series H Preferred Shares during the two-year period ending on December 31, 2024. 
 The holders of Series H Preferred Shares are not entitled to receive dividends and are not entitled to voting rights, except as required by law. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 The Company s by-laws provide that shareholders seeking to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of shareholders must provide the Company with timely written notice of their proposal. The Company s by-laws also specify requirements as to the form and content of a shareholder s notice. These provisions may preclude shareholder s from making nominations for directors at an annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Indemnification of Our Executive Officers and Directors 
 In accordance with the by-laws of the Company, directors and officers are each indemnified by the Company against all liability and costs arising out of any action or suit against them from the execution of their duties, provided that they have carried out their duties honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company and have otherwise complied with the provisions of applicable corporate law. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.32>
 3
 ex1032hvelease2022.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

Exhibit 10.32 
 LEASE AGREEMENT 
 
 STATE OF TEXAS 
 
 COUNTY OF ELLIS 
 
 This Lease Agreement Lease is made and entered into effective as of this 25 th day of January, 2022 Effective Date by and between BarBell Real Estate, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Landlord and HVE, Inc, a Delaware Corporation Tenant ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Landlord is the current owner of the Leased Premises and 
 
 WHEREAS, Landlord desires to lease the Leased Premises to Tenant, and Tenant desires to lease the Leased Premises from Landlord subject to the terms stated in this Lease Agreement and in any other documents duly referenced and incorporated herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are herby acknowledged and confessed by the Parties, Landlord hereby leases to Tenant, and Tenant hereby leases from Landlord, the Leased Premises for the Term, on the following terms, conditions, and covenants 
 
 SEC. 1 - DEFINITIONS 
 
 Building means a structure located on the west side of the Premises and identified as 1348 Highway 287 Bypass, Waxahachie, Texas. 
 
 Force Majeure means a force beyond the reasonable ability of the party to overcome using reasonable diligence which causes a party to this Lease Agreement to be unable to perform any of its obligations hereunder in a timely manner, such as weather, strikes, riots, acts of God, war, unavailability of labor or material, governmental laws, regulations or restrictions, or other similar causes provided, that the failure or inability to pay any monetary amount shall not be deemed to be an event of Force Majeure. 
 
 Improvements means all office space within the Leased Premises and other improvements that may be used by Tenant in accordance with this Lease Agreement and in connection with the operation of Tenant s business. 
 
 Leased Premises means a 3,672 square feet area of the Building as further described in the floor plan attached to this Lease Agreement and incorporated herein as Exhibit A. 
 
 Operating Expenses means Landlord s costs for operating and maintaining the Building and related parking areas, which shall include, without limitation, real estate and personal property taxes and assessments, management fees, heating, electricity, water, waste disposal, sewage, operating materials and supplies, service agreements and charges, lawn care, snow removal, restriping, repairs, repaving, cleaning and custodial, security, insurance, the cost of contesting the validity or applicability of any governmental acts which may affect operating expenses, an all other direct operating costs of operating and maintaining the Building and related parking areas, unless expressly excluded from Operating Expenses. Operating Expenses shall not include any amount related to (a) a capital account or capital improvement, (b) ground leases (c) principal or interest payments on any mortgage or deed of trust on the Building or the Premises (d) any amount for 
 Lease Agreement - BarBell Real Estate & HVE, Inc. Page 1 of #NUM_PAGES# 

which Landlord is reimbursed through insurance, by third persons, or directly by other Tenants of the Premises and (e) costs of items and services for which Tenant reimburses Landlord or pays third persons directly. 
 
 Party shall mean the Landlord or Tenant, who shall be collectively referred to as Parties. 
 
 Premises means that property described as LOT 6 BLK A RVG PLAZA 1.381 AC in the property records of the Ellis Appraisal District. (1348 Highway 287 Business, Waxahachie, Texas) 
 
 Proportionate Share means a percentage of Operating Expenses and Taxes for which Tenant is responsible, prorated annually over a 12-month period. The percentage is equal to the size of the Leased Premises (in square feet) divided by the total amount of rentable space (in square feet) available in the Building. 
 
 Rent means the amount of 7,038.00 (3,672 sf 23.00 sf). 
 
 Rent Commencement Date means the thirtieth (30th) day after the date on which a certificate of occupancy is issued by the City of Waxahachie for the Leased Premises. 
 
 Taxes means a percentage of real estate taxes and any other taxes including leasehold taxes and assessments attributable to the Leased Premises and accruing during the Term. 
 
 Tenant Improvements means all of the Improvements that are to be constructed by Tenant in accordance with the Work Letter. 
 
 Tenant Improvement Allowance (TIA) means an amount up to, but not more than, 146,880.00 (3,672 sf 40.00 sf). 
 
 Work Letter means that document which establishes the rights, obligations, and expectations of Landlord and Tenant as related to the construction of the necessary Improvements for the Leased Premises. 
 
 Sec. 1 - IMPROVEMENTS 
 Tenant Improvements 
 (1) Tenant agrees to construct at Tenant s sole cost and expense all necessary Improvements for the finish-out of the Leased Premises as set forth in the accompanying Work Letter, which is fully incorporated into this Lease Agreement as though set forth herein. 
 Except for the Improvements outlined in this Lease Agreement or in the Work Letter, Tenant shall make no alterations or changes of any nature to the Leased Premises or to the exterior of the Building without first obtaining Landlord s consent in writing. Any and all Improvements made to the Leased Premises which become affixed or attached to the Leased Premises shall remain the property of Landlord at the expiration or termination of the Lease Agreement. 
 (2) Landlord agrees to provide a Tenant Improvement Allowance (TIA) to offset Tenant s cost for Tenant Improvements. Landlord shall pay the TIA to Tenant according to the terms stated in the Work Letter. 
 Lease Agreement - BarBell Real Estate & HVE, Inc. Page 2 of #NUM_PAGES# 

SEC. 2 - TERMS OF LEASE AGREEMENT 
 (3) Purpose Landlord and Tenant agree that the Leased Premises shall be used only for Tenant s regular business purposes. Any other use of Leased Premises by Tenant without prior written consent of Landlord shall be considered a default of this Lease Agreement. 
 
 (4) Term The term of this Lease Agreement Term shall commence on the Effective Date and expire on the five (5) year anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date. Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing of the expected Rent Commencement Date at least thirty (30) days prior to the Rent Commencement Date. 
 
 (5) Security Deposit On the Effective Date of this Lease Agreement, Tenant shall pay to Landlord a one-time security deposit equal to Rent. 
 
 (6) Triple Net Lease Agreement Landlord and Tenant agree that this shall be a triple net (NNN) Lease Agreement. Beginning on the Rent Commencement date, and continuing thereafter for the Term of this Lease Agreement, Tenant shall pay Rent and the Proportionate Share of Operating Expenses and Taxes to Landlord on a monthly basis, with payment due no later than the 1st of every month. All payments shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord s address as provided in the Notices provision of this Lease Agreement. All payments received more than five (5) days after the due date shall include an additional fee of 25.00 per day until all payments are satisfied. 
 
 (7) No Exclusive Right This Lease Agreement does not convey to Tenant an exclusive right to the Premises, Building, or Leased Premises. Landlord shall hold the rights to lease other areas of the Premises or Building to any same or like use as the Tenant. 
 
 (8) Insurance Tenant shall, at its own cost and expense, maintain and keep in force at all times during the Term (a) commercial general liability insurance, which shall include coverage against claims for personal injury, death, or property damage occurring on, in or about the Leased Premises with limits of not less than 1,000,000 with respect to the Leased Premises, Landlord s personal property, and Tenant s conduct of business therein, with Landlord named as additional insured and (b) employers' liability and workers' compensation insurance to the extent required by the laws of the State of Texas. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease Agreement, Landlord and Tenant hereby release one another and their respective owners, officers, employees, and property manager from any and all liability or responsibility to the other or anyone claiming through or under them by way of subrogation or otherwise for loss or damage covered by said insurance, even if such loss or damage shall have been caused by the fault or negligence of the other Party, or anyone for whom such Party may be responsible. 
 In the event Tenant shall fail to obtain insurance required hereunder and fails to maintain the same in force continuously during the term, Landlord may, but shall not be required to, obtain the same and charge the Tenant for same as additional Rent. Furthermore, Tenant agrees not to keep upon the premises any articles or goods which may be prohibited by the standard form of fire insurance policy, and in the event the insurance rates applicable to fire and extended coverage covering the Leased Premises shall be increased by reason of any use of the Leased Premises made by Tenant, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord, upon demand, such increase in insurance premium as shall be caused by said use or Tenant's proportionate share of any such increase. 
 Lease Agreement - BarBell Real Estate & HVE, Inc. Page 3 of #NUM_PAGES# 

INDEMNIFICATION 
 TENANT AGREES TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD LANDLORD HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR LIABILITIES WHICH MAY ARISE FROM ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AS A RESULT OF TENANT S USE AND OCCUPANCY OF THE LEASED PREMISES, AND FURTHER SHALL INDEMNIFY LANDLORD FOR ANY LOSSES WHICH LANDLORD MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH TENANT S USE AND OCCUPANCY OR CARE, CUSTODY, AND CONTROL OF THE LEASED PREMISES. TENANT ALSO AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS LANDLORD FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR LIABILITIES WHICH MAY ARISE FROM ANY LATENT DEFECTS IN THE LEASED PREMISES THAT THE LANDLORD IS NOT AWARE OF AT THE SIGNING OF THE LEASE AGREEMENT OR AT ANY TIME DURING THE LEASE TERM. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS LEASE AGREEMENT. 
 (9) Encumbrances Nothing in the Lease Agreement shall be construed to authorize the Tenant or any other person acting for the Tenant to encumber the rents of the Leased Premises or the interest of the Tenant in the Leased Premises or any person under and through whom the Tenant has acquired its interest in the Leased Premises with a mechanic s lien or any other type of encumbrance. Under no circumstance shall the Tenant be construed to be the agent, employee or representative of Landlord. In the event a lien is placed against the Leased Premises, through actions of the Tenant, Tenant will promptly pay the same or bond against the same and take steps immediately to have such lien removed. If the Tenant fails to have the lien removed, the Landlord shall take steps to remove the lien and the Tenant shall pay Landlord for all expenses related to the lien and removal thereof, and Tenant shall be in default of this Lease Agreement. 
 (10) Permits A copy of any and all local, state or federal permits acquired by the Tenant which are required for the use of the Leased Premises shall be kept on-site at all times and shall be readily accessible and produced to Landlord, Landlord s agents, or any local, state, or federal officials upon demand. 
 (11) Maintenance and Repairs Tenant shall be responsible for all repairs and maintenance on the Leased Premises due to normal wear and tear on the Leased Premises particularly items which need immediate attention including but not limited to, the replacement of light bulbs, normal repair and cleaning of windows, cleaning of bathrooms, clearing of toilets, etc. Tenant shall properly maintain the premises in a good, safe and clean condition and shall properly and promptly remove all rubbish and hazardous wastes and see that the same are properly disposed of according to all local, state, or federal laws, rules regulations or ordinances. 
 In the event the Leased Premises are damaged as a result of any neglect or negligence of Tenant, his employees, agents, business invitees, or any independent contractors serving the Tenant or in any way as a result of Tenant s use and occupancy of the premises, then Tenant shall be primarily responsible for seeing that the proper claims are placed with Tenant s insurance company or the damaging party's insurance company, and shall furthermore be responsible for seeing that the building is safeguarded with respect to said damage and that all proper notices with respect to said damage are made in a timely fashion, including notice to Landlord and the party or parties causing said damage. 
 (12) Sale Tenant shall, in the event of the sale or assignment of Landlord's interest in the Building, or in the event of any proceedings brought for the foreclosure of, or in the event of exercise of the power of sale under any mortgage made by Landlord covering the Leased Premises, attorn to the purchaser and recognize such purchaser as Landlord under this Lease. 
 Lease Agreement - BarBell Real Estate & HVE, Inc. Page 4 of #NUM_PAGES# 

(13) Transfer Tenant may not transfer or assign this Lease Agreement, or any right or interest hereunder, or sublet said leased premises or any part thereof without first obtaining the prior written consent and approval of Landlord. 
 (14) Damage In the event the Building shall be destroyed or damaged as a result of any fire or other casualty which is not the result of the intentional acts or neglect of Tenant and which precludes or adversely affects the Tenant s occupancy of the Leased Premises, then in every such cause, the Rent and other costs to Tenant herein set forth shall be abated or adjusted according to the extent to which the Leased Premises have been rendered unfit for use and occupation by the Tenant and until the Leased Premises have been put in a condition at the expense of the Landlord, at least to the extent of the value and as nearly as possible to the condition of the Leased Premises existing immediately prior to such damage. It is understood, however, in the event of total or substantial destruction to the Leased Premises that in no event shall the Landlord's obligation to restore, replace, or rebuild exceed an amount equal to the sum of the insurance proceeds available for reconstruction with respect to said damage. 
 Tenant shall, during the term of this Lease Agreement, at its sole expense, keep the interior of the Leased Premises in as good a condition and repair as it is at the date of this Lease Agreement, reasonable wear and use excepted. This obligation would include the obligation to replace any plate glass damaged as a result of the neglect or acts of Tenant or his guests or invitees. Furthermore, the Tenant shall not knowingly commit nor permit to be committed any act or thing contrary to the rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by any federal, state, or local authorities, and shall expressly not be allowed to keep or maintain any hazardous waste materials or contaminates on the premises. Tenant shall also be responsible for the cost, if any, which would be incurred to bring his contemplated operation and business activity into compliance with any law or regulation of a federal, state, or local authority. 
 (15) Tenant Default In the event that the Tenant shall fail to pay Rent and the Proportionate Share of Operating Expenses and Taxes as required, or any part thereof, when the same are due and payable, or shall otherwise be in default of any other terms of this Lease Agreement for a period of more than fifteen (15) days, after receiving notice of default, then the Landlord may declare the Lease Agreement terminated. Landlord may then immediately re-enter the Leased Premises and take possession of the same together with any of Tenant s personal property, equipment, or fixtures left on the premises. Those items may be held by the Landlord as security for the Tenant s eventual payment or satisfaction of rental defaults or other defaults of Tenant under the Lease Agreement. If Tenant is in default, Landlord shall be entitled to take any and all action to protect its interest in the personal property and equipment and to prevent the unauthorized removal of said property or equipment. Such threatened action would be deemed to constitute irreparable harm and injury to the Landlord in violation of its security interest in said items of personal property. Furthermore, in the event of default, Landlord may expressly undertake all reasonable preparations and efforts to release the Leased Premises including, but not limited to, the removal of all inventory, equipment, or leasehold improvements of the Tenant s, at the Tenant s expense, without the need to first procure an order of any court to do so. In the interim, Landlord would be obligated to undertake reasonable steps and procedures to safeguard the value of Tenant s property, including the storage of the same, under reasonable terms and conditions at Tenant s expense, and, in addition, it is understood that Landlord may sue Tenant for any damages or past Rents due and owing, and may undertake all and additional legal remedies then available. 
 Lease Agreement - BarBell Real Estate & HVE, Inc. Page 5 of #NUM_PAGES# 

(16) Landlord Default Tenant may send written notice to Landlord stating duties or obligations that have not been fulfilled under the full performance of this Lease Agreement. If said duties or obligations have not been cured within thirty (30) days from receiving such notice, unless Landlord, in good faith, needs to more time to cure or remedy such issue in accordance with standard industry protocol, then Landlord shall be in default of this Lease Agreement. 
 If Landlord should be in default, Tenant shall have the option to terminate this Lease Agreement and be held harmless against any of its terms or obligations. 
 (17) Disputes If any dispute should arise in relation to this Lease Agreement, Landlord and Tenant shall first negotiate amongst themselves in good faith. Afterwards, if the dispute is not resolved, then Landlord and Tenant shall seek mediation in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. If Landlord and Tenant fail to resolve the dispute through mediation, then the American Arbitration Association shall be used in accordance with their rules. Landlord and Tenant agree to the binding effect of any ruling or judgment made by the American Arbitration Association. 
 (18) Tenant Insolvency Tenant agrees that if all or a substantial portion of Tenant s assets are placed in the hands of a receiver or a Trustee, and such status continues for a period of 30 days, or should the Tenant make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or be adjudicated bankrupt, or should the Tenant institute any proceedings under the Bankruptcy Act or any amendment thereto, then Tenant shall be in default of this Lease Agreement. Neither this Lease Agreement nor any interest in the Leased Premises shall become an asset in any such proceeding and, in such event, and in addition to any other remedies belonging to Landlord by law or by this Lease Agreement, it shall be lawful for the Landlord to declare the Term of this Lease Agreement ended and to re-enter and take possession of the Leased Premises and all Improvements therein, and to remove all persons therefrom. In such event, Tenant shall have no further claim to the Leased Premises. 
 (19) Subordination Upon request of Landlord, Tenant will subordinate its rights hereunder to the lien of any mortgage now or hereafter in force against the property or any portion thereof, and to all advances made or hereafter to be made upon the security thereof, and to any ground or underlying lease of the property provided, however, that in such case the holder of such mortgage, or the Landlord shall agree that this Lease Agreement shall not be divested or in any way affected by foreclosure or other default proceedings under said mortgage, obligation secured thereby, or Lease Agreement, so long as Tenant shall not be in default under the terms of this Lease Agreement. Tenant agrees that this Lease Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any such default proceedings under said mortgage or obligation secured thereby. 
 Tenant shall, in the event of the sale or assignment of Landlord's interest in the Building, or in the event of any proceedings brought for the foreclosure of, or in the event of exercise of the power of sale under any mortgage made by Landlord covering the Leased Premises, attorn to the purchaser and recognize such purchaser as Landlord under this Lease Agreement. 
 (20) Tenant Usage Tenant shall comply with all rules, regulations, and laws of any governmental authority with respect to use and occupancy. Tenant shall not conduct or permit to be conducted upon the Leased Premises any business or permit any act which is contrary to or in violation of any law, rules, or regulations and requirements that may be imposed by any authority or any insurance company with which the Leased Premises is insured. Tenant shall not allow the Leased Premises to be used in any way which will invalidate or be in conflict with any insurance policies applicable to the Building. In no event shall explosives or hazardous materials be taken onto or retained on the Leased Premises. Furthermore, Tenant shall not install or use any equipment that will cause undue interference with the peaceable and quiet enjoyment of the Leased Premises by other tenants of the Building. 
 Lease Agreement - BarBell Real Estate & HVE, Inc. Page 6 of #NUM_PAGES# 

(21) Tenant Signage Tenant shall not place on any exterior door, wall, or window of the Leased Premises any sign or advertising matter without Landlord s prior written consent and the approval of the local municipality. Thereafter, Tenant agrees to maintain such sign or advertising matter as first approved by Landlord in good condition and repair. Tenant shall conform to any uniform reasonable sign plan or policy that Landlord may introduce with respect to the Building. Upon vacating the Leased Premises, Tenant shall remove all signs and repair all damages caused or resulting from such removal. 
 (22) Pets No pets shall be allowed on the Leased Premises without the prior written permission of Landlord unless said pet is required for reasons of disability under the Americans with Disability Act. 
 (23) Condition of Leased Premises Tenant acknowledges that he has had the opportunity to inspect the Leased Premises and acknowledges with his signature on this Lease Agreement that the Leased Premises are in good condition and comply in all respects with the requirements of this Lease Agreement. Landlord makes no representation or warranty with respect to the condition of the Leased Premises or its fitness or availability for any particular use, and Landlord shall not be liable for any latent or patent defect therein. Tenant represents that Tenant has inspected the Leased Premises and is leasing and will take possession of the Leased Premises with all current fixtures present in their as is condition as of the date hereof. 
 (24) Americans With Disabilities Act Per 42 U.S. Code 12183, if Tenant is using the Leased Premises as a public accommodation (e.g. restaurants, shopping centers, office buildings) or there are more than fifteen (15) employees, the Leased Premises must provide accommodations and access to persons with disabilities that is equal or similar to that available to the general public. Owners, operators, lessors, and lessees of commercial properties are all responsible for ADA compliance. If the Leased Premises is not in compliance with the Americans with Disability Act any modifications or construction will be the responsibility of Landlord. 
 (25) Right of Access It is agreed and understood that Landlord and Landlord s agents shall have the complete and unencumbered right of entry to the Leased Premises at any time or times for purposes of inspecting or showing the Leased Premises and for the purpose of making any necessary repairs to the Building or equipment as may be required of Landlord under the terms of this Lease Agreement or as may be deemed necessary with respect to the inspection, maintenance, or repair of the Building. In accordance with State and local laws, Landlord shall have the right to enter the Leased Premises without the consent of Tenant in the event of an emergency. 
 (26) Estoppel Certificate Tenant at any time and from time to time, upon at least ten (10) days prior notice by Landlord, shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver to Landlord and to any other person, firm, or corporation specified by Landlord, a statement certifying that the Lease Agreement is unmodified and in full force and effect, or if the Lease Agreement has been modified, then that the same is in full force and effect except as modified, and stating the modifications, stating the dates to which the fixed Rent and additional costs have been paid, and stating whether or not there exists any default by Landlord under this Lease Agreement and, if so, specifying each such default. 
 (27) Holdover Should Tenant remain in possession of the Leased Premises after the cancellation, expiration, or sooner termination of the Lease Agreement without the execution of a new Lease Agreement or addendum, such holding over in the absence of a written agreement to the contrary shall be deemed to have created and be construed to be a tenancy from month to month with the Rent and additional costs to be due and payable in the same amount as the previous month plus an additional 7,500.00 holdover penalty, terminable upon thirty 30 days' notice by either party. 
 Lease Agreement - BarBell Real Estate & HVE, Inc. Page 7 of #NUM_PAGES# 

(28) Waiver Waiver by Landlord of a default under this Lease Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of a subsequent default of any nature. 
 (29) Governing Law and Venue This Lease Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas. If legal action is necessary to enforce this Lease Agreement, exclusive venue will lie in Ellis County, Texas. 
 (30) Attorney s Fees Each Party shall bear its own legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Lease Agreement. If, as a result of any breach or default by either Landlord or Tenant of its respective obligations under this Lease Agreement, either party shall bear its own expenses if it employs an attorney to enforce or defend any of its rights. 
 (31) Force Majeure If the performance by Landlord or Tenant of any provision of this Lease Agreement (other than the payment of Rent or any other monetary amount) is delayed or prevented by Force Majeure then the period for Landlord s or Tenant s performance of the provision shall be automatically extended for the same amount of time that Landlord or Tenant is so delayed or hindered. 
 NOTICES 
 
 Landlord BarBell Real Estate, LLC 
 431 S. Ring Rd. 
 Waxahachie, TX 75165 
 
 Tenant HVE, Inc. 
 100 Executive Ct., Suite 3 
 Waxahachie, TX 75165 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS. See accompanying Work Letter. 
 AMENDMENT(S) . No amendment of this Lease shall be effective unless reduced to writing and subscribed by both Landlord and Tenant with all the formality of the original. 
 SEVERABILITY . If any term or provision of this Lease Agreement is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such term shall be limited to the extent necessary to make it legal and enforceable, and, if necessary, severed from this Lease Agreement. All other terms and provisions of this Lease Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 BINDING EFFECT . This Lease Agreement and any amendments thereto shall be binding upon Landlord and Tenant and their respective successors, heirs, assigns, executors and administrators. 
 LANDLORD SIGNATURE TENANT SIGNATURE 

Kyle J. Beller Manager 1 25 2022 Chris Cunningham Senior VP 1 25 2022 
 Printed Name Title Date Printed Name Title Date 

s Kyle Beller s Chris Cunningham 
 _______________________________ _____________________________ 
 Signature Signature 
 BarBell Real Estate, LLC HVE, Inc. 
 Lease Agreement - BarBell Real Estate & HVE, Inc. Page 8 of #NUM_PAGES# 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211subsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 Name of subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Sphere 3D Inc. Ontario, Canada HVE Inc. Delaware, United States Sphere 3D Mining Corp. Delaware, United States 101250 Investments Ltd. Turks and Caicos Islands Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Sponsor, LLC Delaware, United States Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. Delaware, United States 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231123122.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-269663) Form F-1 (File No. 333-254742) Forms F-3 (File Nos. 333-206357, 333-259277 and 333-259092) and Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-203149, 333-203151, 333-205236, 333-209251, 333-214605, 333-216209, 333-220152, 333-222771, 333-228380, 333-231472, 333-238145, 333-252632, 333-262154, 333-269298) of our report dated March 31, 2023 with respect to the audited financial statements of Sphere 3D Corp. (the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 s MaloneBailey, LLP 
 www.malonebailey.com Houston, Texas March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 exhibit232123122.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-269663) Form F-1 (No. 333-254742) Form F-3 (No. 333-206357, No. 333-259277, No. 333-259092) and Form S-8 (No. 333-203149, No. 333-203151, No. 333-205236, No. 333-209251, No. 333-214605, No. 333-216209, No. 333-220152, No. 333-222771, No. 333-228380, No. 333-231472, No. 333-238145, No. 333-252632, No. 333-262154, No. 333-269298) of Sphere 3D Corp.(the Company of our report dated March 30, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s going concern uncertainty), appearing in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 s Smythe LLP 
 Chartered Professional Accountants Vancouver, Canada March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit311123122.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Patricia Trompeter certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sphere 3D Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 s Patricia Trompeter Patricia Trompeter Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit312123122.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Kurt L. Kalbfleisch, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sphere 3D Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 s Kurt L. Kalbfleisch Kurt L. Kalbfleisch Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit3212022123122.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the filing of the Annual Report of Sphere 3D Corp. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patricia Trompeter, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 s Patricia Trompeter Patricia Trompeter Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 exhibit3222022123122.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the filing of the Annual Report of Sphere 3D Corp. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kurt L. Kalbfleisch, Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 s Kurt L. Kalbfleisch Kurt L. Kalbfleisch Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 any-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 any-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 any-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 any-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 any-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

