<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1708599_0001493152-23-010285.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11765471</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>586473</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3287904</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3921569</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1566736</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2108977</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010285.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010285
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AgeX Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708599
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				821436829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38519
		FILM NUMBER:		23787879

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1101 MARINA VILLAGE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			ALAMEDA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-671-8370

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1101 MARINA VILLAGE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			ALAMEDA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010285.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 

The
approximate aggregate market value of shares of voting common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
shares of common stock were last sold as of June 30, 2022 was million. Shares held by each executive officer and director and by
each person who beneficially owns more than 5 of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may under certain
circumstances be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other
purposes. 

As
of March 20, 2023, there were outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AgeX
Therapeutics, Inc. 

 Table
of Contents 

Page 
 Number 
 
 Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 61 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 61 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 61 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 61 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 62 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 62 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 62 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 71 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 72 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 107 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 107 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 107 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 107 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 108 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 110 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 116 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 117 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 123 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 124 

Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 129 

Signatures 
 
 130 

I 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Below
is a summary of the material factors that make an investment in our common shares speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Report and should be carefully considered,
together with other information in this Report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC before making investment decisions regarding our common shares. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Resources 

We
 are a discovery-stage development company with limited capital resources and have incurred
 operating losses since our inception. We anticipate that we will incur continued losses for
 the foreseeable future and will need to continue to raise capital to finance our operations,
 and we do not know if we will ever attain profitability. 

We
 need additional financing to execute our operating plan and continue to operate as a going
 concern. 

We
 are highly leveraged, carrying a significant amount of indebtedness, including indebtedness
 secured by our assets, that will become due and payable over the next three years and there
 is no assurance that we will be able to refinance those obligations as they become due. 

The
 terms of our outstanding loans from Juvenescence and a related Amended and Restated Security
 Agreement with Juvenescence could make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital
 from other sources. 

Raising
 additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require
 us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 

Risks
Related to Our Relationship with Juvenescence 

Conflicts
 of interest may arise from our relationship with Juvenescence, which owns a significant percentage
 of our common stock and is a significant creditor and will be able to substantially influence
 us and exert control over matters subject to stockholder approval and the election of directors. 

Juvenescence
 could own a majority of the outstanding shares of AgeX common stock through the conversion
 of loans made to us or the exercise of certain common stock purchase warrants it holds. 

Risks
Related to Our Planned Restructuring 

We
 are formulating corporate restructuring plans that include: (i) a potential merger between
 AgeX and Serina Therapeutics, Inc. Serina through which AgeX would be able
 to enter the field of drug delivery polymer technology, but there is no assurance that the
 merger will be consummated, and (ii) a potential spinoff of our subsidiary Reverse Bioengineering
 Inc. Reverse Bio to our stockholders. 

The
 definitive terms of a merger have not been determined and we have not entered into a definitive
 merger agreement with Serina. There is no assurance that a merger agreement will be reached
 or that our stockholders and Serina s stockholders will approve a merger even if
 a merger agreement is signed. 

A
 merger with Serina could be dilutive to our stockholders and could have an impact on the
 market value of AgeX common stock that we cannot presently determine. 

We
 would face the risks associated with Serina s business if a merger is consummated. 

A
 merger with Serina is likely to result in management changes at AgeX, including changes in
 the membership of our Board of Directors and changes in our executive management team. 

We
 have incurred 10 million of additional indebtedness to Juvenescence to financing a loan
 to Serina in contemplation of a future merger and that 10 million obligation will remain
 an AgeX obligation if a merger is completed. 

Our
 goal of spinning off Reverse Bio to our stockholders is subject to uncertainties and
 risks, including risks that could result in the spinoff not being consummated, income tax
 risks, liquidity and valuation risks pertaining to Reverse Bio stock, and Reverse Bio business
 and operating risks which will include most of the risk factors that could impact AgeX s
 business and operations. 

1 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations 

Due
 to our limited financial resources, we have reduced our staffing, eliminated our research
 laboratory facilities, and eliminated in-house research and product development work. We
 will seek opportunities to outsource or license product development and commercialization
 but there is no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully. 

We
 may expend our limited resources to pursue one or more particular product candidates or indications
 and fail to pursue product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which
 there is a greater likelihood of success. 

We
 have not tested any of our product candidates in clinical trials. Success in early development
 and preclinical studies or clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained in later
 preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

Our
 choice of product candidates and our development plans for our product candidates are subject
 to change based on a variety of factors, and if we abandon development of a product candidate
 we may not be able to develop or acquire a replacement product candidate. 

We
 may determine to expand our organization and obtain laboratory facilities if we are able
 to raise sufficient capital to do so, and we may experience difficulties in managing this
 growth, which could disrupt our operations. 

The
 commercial success of any of our current or future product candidates will depend upon the
 degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the
 medical community. 

If
 the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are,
 we may not meet our revenue expectations and, even assuming approval of a product candidate,
 our business may suffer. 

We
 will face risks related to the manufacture of medical products for any product candidates
 that we develop. 

If
 the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are,
 we may not meet our revenue expectations and, even assuming approval of a product candidate,
 our business may suffer. 

Any
 cell-based products that receive regulatory approval may be difficult and expensive to manufacture
 on a commercial scale. 

If
 we fail to meet our obligations under license agreements, we may lose our rights to key technologies
 on which our business depends. 

The
 ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic and the worldwide attempts to contain it could harm our
 business and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted
 by such pandemic. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

We
 face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological change and the possibility
 that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop therapies that
 are more advanced or effective than ours, which may harm our business and financial condition,
 and our ability to successfully market or commercialize our product candidates. 

The
 regulatory approval processes of the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable,
 and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates,
 our business will be substantially harmed. 

If
 we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in clinical trials, our clinical development
 activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

Even
 if we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates in the United States, we may
 never obtain approval for or commercialize it in any other jurisdiction, which would limit
 our ability to realize its full market potential. 

2 

Even
 if a product candidate receives regulatory approval, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory
 obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense,
 and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience
 unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 

Our
 product candidates may cause serious adverse events or undesirable side effects or have other
 properties which may delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile
 of an approved label, or, result in significant negative consequences following marketing
 approval, if any. 

We
 face potential product liability, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may
 incur substantial liability and costs. If the use or misuse of our product candidates harm
 patients or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our product
 candidates, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or could otherwise be negatively impacted,
 and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. 

Our
 insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which leaves
 us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

The
 price and sale of any product candidates that be marketed may be limited by health insurance
 coverage and government regulation. 

Enacted
 and future healthcare legislation, including the Affordable Care Act or ACA, may increase
 the difficulty and cost to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product
 candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 

Risks
Related to our Dependence on Third Parties 

We
 may become dependent on future collaborations to develop and commercialize our product candidates
 and to provide the regulatory compliance, sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities
 required for the success of our business. 

We
 have no marketing, sales, or distribution resources for the commercialization of any products
 or technologies that we might successfully develop. 

We
 do not have the ability to independently conduct clinical trials required to obtain regulatory
 approvals for our product candidates and intend to rely on third parties to conduct, supervise
 and monitor our clinical trials. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

If
 we are unable to obtain and enforce patents and to protect our trade secrets, others could
 use our technology to compete with us, which could limit opportunities for us to generate
 revenues by licensing our technology and selling our products. 

There
 is no certainty that our pending or future patent applications will result in the issuance
 of patents. 

The
 process of applying for and obtaining patents can be expensive and slow. 

Our
 patents may not protect our technologies or products from competition. 

We
 may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

We
 may be subject to patent infringement claims that could be costly to defend, which may limit
 our ability to use disputed technologies, and which could prevent us from pursuing research
 and development or commercialization of some of our technologies or products, require us
 to pay licensing fees to have freedom to operate and/or result in monetary damages or other
 liability for us. 

Risks
Pertaining to Our Common Stock 

There
 is a limited history to the public trading of our common stock and there is no assurance
 that a market for our common stock will be sustained. 

Because
 we are engaged in the development of pharmaceutical and cell therapy products, the price
 of shares of our common stock may rise and fall rapidly. 

3 

Because
 we do not pay dividends, our stock may not be a suitable investment for anyone who needs
 to earn dividend income. 

Securities
 analysts may not initiate coverage or continue to cover our common stock, and this may have
 a negative impact on the market price of our shares. 

You
 may experience dilution of your ownership interests if we issue additional shares of common
 stock or preferred stock. 

Unless
 our common stock continues to be listed on a national securities exchange it will become
 subject to the so-called penny stock rules that impose restrictive sales practice
 requirements. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain
statements contained herein are forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
including, but not limited to, statements pertaining to future financial and/or operating results, future growth in research, technology,
clinical development, and potential opportunities for AgeX, along with other statements about the future expectations, beliefs, goals,
plans, or prospects expressed by management constitute forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not historical fact (including,
but not limited to statements that contain words such as will, believes, plans, anticipates, 
 expects, estimates should also be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks inherent in the development and/or commercialization of potential
products, uncertainty in the results of clinical trials or regulatory approvals, need and ability to obtain future capital, and maintenance
of intellectual property rights. Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements
and as such should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect the businesses of AgeX, particularly those mentioned
in the cautionary statements found in AgeX s filings with the SEC. AgeX disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking
statements. 

The
forward-looking statements in this Report include, among other things, statements about: 

our
 plans to pursue research and development of our product candidates and to license our technologies; 

the
 potential success of our research and development programs; 

the
 potential commercialization of our product candidates and technologies; 

the
 timing and success of future clinical trials and the period during which the results of the
 clinical trials will become available; 

the
 potential receipt of revenue from future sales of our product candidates or licensing of
 our technologies; 

our
 estimates and assumptions around market size for our product candidates and technologies; 

our
 estimates regarding future revenues and operating expenses, and future capital requirements; 

our
 intellectual property position; 

the
 impact of government laws and regulations; 

the
 impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on our operations and demand for our diagnostic tests; 

our
 competitive position; and 

our
 restructuring plans, including negotiations of a potential merger with Serina and plans to
 spinoff our subsidiary Reverse Bio. 

Industry
and Market Data 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Report contains market data and industry forecasts that were obtained from industry publications,
third-party market research and publicly available information. These publications generally state that the information contained therein
has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. While we believe that the information from these publications is reliable, we
have not independently verified such information. 

4 

This
Report also contains estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and
other data about our industry. We obtained the industry and market data in this Report from our own research as well as from industry
and general publications, surveys and studies conducted by third parties, some of which may not be publicly available. Such data involves
a number of assumptions and limitations and contains projections and estimates of the future performance of the industries in which we
operate that are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. We caution you not to give undue weight to such projections, assumptions and
estimates. 

Disposition
and Deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences, Inc. Effective March 15, 2021 

On
March 6, 2021, AgeX and its majority-owned subsidiary LifeMap Sciences, Inc. LifeMap Sciences entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the LifeMap Merger Agreement with Atlas Capital Partners Limited, a British Virgin Islands company
limited by shares Atlas ), and GCLMS Acquisition Corporation GCLMS ), a Delaware corporation that was a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Atlas. On March 15, 2021, the merger was completed pursuant to the terms of the LifeMap Merger Agreement. As a result of
the merger, GCLMS merged into LifeMap Sciences and (a) the shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock outstanding at the time of the merger
entitled the holders of those shares to receive a pro rata portion of a 500,000 cash payment for all shares of LifeMap Sciences common
stock in the aggregate (the LifeMap Merger Consideration ), with each LifeMap Sciences shareholder s pro rata portion
of the LifeMap Merger Consideration to be determined in accordance with the number of shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock owned by
such shareholder as a percentage of shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock outstanding immediately before the effective date of the
merger, and (b) the outstanding shares of GCLMS common stock were converted into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock so that Atlas
is now the sole shareholder of LifeMap Sciences. 

AgeX
received approximately 466,400 in cash as its pro rata share of the LifeMap Merger Consideration in the merger. Prior to and as a condition
to the merger under the terms of the LifeMap Merger Agreement, 1,761,296 of LifeMap Sciences indebtedness to AgeX was converted
into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock. LifeMap Sciences also paid AgeX 250,000 in cash to pay off a portion of LifeMap Sciences 
indebtedness to AgeX that was not converted into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock. 

The
results of operations and cash flows for LifeMap Sciences are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented in our consolidated
financial statements. 

As
a result of the completion of the cash-out merger on March 15, 2021, LifeMap Sciences is no longer a subsidiary of AgeX. Effective March
15, 2021, AgeX deconsolidated LifeMap Sciences consolidated financial statements and consolidated results of operations from those
of AgeX under applicable accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America due to the disposition of LifeMap Sciences
on that date. 

The
sale of LifeMap Sciences was a taxable transaction to AgeX; however, no income tax was payable as the transaction resulted in a taxable
loss primarily due to AgeX s tax basis in the subsidiary. 

AgeX s
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 do not include LifeMap Sciences consolidated assets and liabilities
due to the deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences on March 15, 2021. 

AgeX s
consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 include LifeMap Sciences consolidated results for the
period through March 15, 2021 rather than the day immediately preceding the deconsolidation due to the conversion of 1,761,296 of LifeMap
Sciences indebtedness to AgeX into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock on March 15, 2021, followed by the completion of the
cash-out merger on the same day. 

The
deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences is also referred to as the LifeMap Deconsolidation in this Report. 

For
further discussion, see Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this report. 

5 

PART
I 

References
to AgeX, our or us mean AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 

The
description or discussion, in this Form 10-K, of any contract or agreement is a summary only and is qualified in all respects by reference
to the full text of the applicable contract or agreement. 

Item
1. Business 

Overview
of Business 

We
are a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of novel therapeutics targeting human aging and degenerative
diseases. Our mission is to apply our comprehensive experience in fundamental biological processes of human aging to a broad range of
age-associated medical conditions. We believe that demand for therapeutics addressing such conditions is on the rise, commensurate with
the demographic shift of aging in the United States and many other industrialized countries. 

Our
proprietary technology, based on telomerase-mediated cellular immortality and regenerative biology, allows us to utilize telomerase-expressing
regenerative pluripotent stem cell PSCs for the manufacture of cell-based therapies to regenerate tissues afflicted with
age-related chronic degenerative disease. We own or have licenses to a number of patents and patent applications used in the generation
of these product candidates, including intellectual property related to PSC-derived clonal embryonic progenitor cell lines (PureStem 
 technology) and HyStem delivery matrices. Our technology platform also includes UniverCyte which uses the
HLA-G gene to potentially confer low immune observability to cells, so as to suppress rejection of transplanted cells and tissues. AgeX
plans to use or license the use of this patented technology to produce genetically-modified master cell banks of pluripotent stem cells
that can then be differentiated into any young cell type of the human body that now express the immune tolerogenic molecule. 

Our
product candidates in the discovery stage include two cell-based therapies derived from telomerase-positive PSCs and two product candidates
derived from our proprietary induced tissue regeneration (iTR TM technology. We have also sponsored a research program to
derive neural stem cells from PSCs to treat degenerative diseases such as Huntington s Disease. We will need to conduct or sponsor
research and development work, or license our technology to other biotechnology or pharma companies interested in furthering research
and development, as part of our plan to develop these cell- and drug-based therapies, each targeting large unmet needs in age-related
medicine. 

Development
of Our Business 

AgeX
was incorporated during 2017 as a subsidiary of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. Lineage ), formerly known as BioTime, Inc.
On August 17, 2017, we entered into an Asset Contribution and Separation Agreement (the Asset Contribution Agreement with
Lineage pursuant to which Lineage contributed certain assets and cash to us in exchange for 28,800,000 shares of our common stock. 

The
assets contributed to us by Lineage included laboratory equipment, patents, patent applications, and certain human pluripotent cell lines
and human embryonic progenitor cell lines and shares of LifeMap Sciences, Inc. common stock representing a controlling interest in that
company. Concurrently with the contribution of assets to us by Lineage under the Asset Contribution Agreement, we entered into a License
Agreement with Lineage pursuant to which Lineage has licensed to us, with rights to sublicense, certain intellectual property, including
patents and patent applications and know-how for use in the development, manufacture and commercialization of products or services for
the prevention, treatment, amelioration, diagnosis or monitoring of all human and non-human animal diseases and conditions except for
the field of medical products, devices and services for the reserved Lineage fields of orthopedic, ophthalmic, and medical aesthetic
uses (the Lineage Exclusive Field ). In addition, Lineage retains an option right, on terms to be negotiated, to license
iTR patents in research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of treatments based on iTR in the Lineage Exclusive Field.
The licensed patents and know-how relate generally to (a) PureStem human embryonic progenitor cell lines, and (b) methods
of manufacturing and quality control analysis of cell based therapies derived from pluripotent stem cells. We also received an option
to license certain Lineage retained rights outside of orthopedic indications unless a license grant would compete with a Lineage program
or products in the Lineage Exclusive Field. 

Lineage
and certain Lineage subsidiaries also entered into agreements pursuant to which they have licensed or sublicensed to us, on a non-exclusive,
world-wide, royalty bearing basis, certain additional patents and patent rights and know-how relating to HyStem hydrogel
technology, human embryonic progenitor cell technology, and human pluripotent stem cell lines and technology for use outside the Lineage
Exclusive Fields, or in the case of certain sublicense rights, fields previously licensed to third parties. 

The
human embryonic progenitor cell lines, human pluripotent stem cell lines, and patents contributed or licensed or sublicensed to us by
Lineage and its subsidiaries include our initial product candidates AGEX-BAT1 brown adipocytes and AGEX-VASC1 young vascular cells, and
our foundation technologies PureStem , HyStem and induced tissue regeneration or iTR TM technology. 

6 

Concurrently
with the acquisition of assets from Lineage, we sold 4,950,000 shares of common stock for 10.0 million in cash primarily to investors
other than Lineage. At the close of the financing, Lineage owned 85.4 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. On June
7, 2018, we sold 2.0 million shares of common stock for 2.50 per share to Juvenescence for aggregate cash proceeds to us of 5.0 million. 

On
August 30, 2018, Lineage sold 14.4 million of its shares of AgeX common stock to Juvenescence. Upon completion of the transaction, Lineage s
ownership in AgeX was reduced from 80.4 to 40.2 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, and Juvenescence s ownership
in AgeX was increased from 5.6 to 45.8 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, beginning on August 30, 2018,
we were no longer considered a subsidiary of Lineage for financial reporting purposes, because on that date, Lineage experienced a loss
of control of a subsidiary, as defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US
GAAP ). 

On
November 28, 2018 (the Distribution Date Lineage distributed to its shareholders, on a pro rata basis, 12,697,028 shares
of the AgeX common stock it then held (the Distribution ). Immediately after the Distribution, Lineage retained 1,718,972
shares of AgeX common stock, representing approximately 4.8 of the common stock then issued and outstanding. Following the Distribution,
our common stock began publicly trading on the NYSE American under the symbol AGE. 

During
August 2018, we expanded our technology platforms by acquiring from Escape Therapeutics, Inc. patents and patent applications related
to HLA-G-modified cells and methods of generating allogeneic cells with reduced risk of being rejected by patients regardless of the
HLA class I haplotype. These patents are the foundation for our UniverCyte TM technology platform. 

During
March 2021, AgeX disposed of its interest in LifeMap Sciences pursuant to the terms of the LifeMap Merger Agreement. 

In
connection with our sponsored Huntington s Disease research program at the University of California at Irvine UCI ),
we and certain researchers who contributed to the Huntington s Disease research work formed a new subsidiary, of which we are presently
the majority shareholder, to pursue clinical studies of the use of derived neural stem cell to treat that disease. The new subsidiary
is still in the organizational stage and commencement of clinical study work will depend on its ability to obtain financing through grants
or third-party investment. 

During
March 2023, we borrowed 10,000,000 from Juvenescence under the terms of a Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the 10 Million
Secured Note and used the loan proceeds to make a 10,000,000 loan to Serina, in order to provide financing to Serina in contemplation
of corporate restructuring plans that include a potential merger between AgeX and Serina in which AgeX would be the surviving company.
AgeX s restructuring plans also include a potential spinoff of AgeX s subsidiary Reverse Bio through a distribution of some
or all of the shares of capital stock of Reverse Bio held by AgeX to AgeX stockholders following a financing of Reverse Bio through the
sale of shares of Reverse Bio common stock to private investors (the Reverse Bio Financing ). If the Reverse Bio spinoff
is completed, Reverse Bio would become a separate publicly traded company. 

Serina
has developed a proprietary drug delivery polymer technology based upon the polymer poly (2-oxazoline), or POZ , and is developing
a pipeline of proprietary and partnered programs applying this platform to Parkinson s disease, cannabinoids, cancer, and pain.
Serina has recently applied POZ technology to developing a lipid nanoparticle (LNP) for use across multiple indications such as SARS-CoV-2
and influenza, and gene therapy and cancer immunotherapy. No definitive agreement regarding a merger between AgeX and Serina has been
negotiated or executed nor has the merger been approved by the respective boards of directors of AgeX and Serina. Further, a merger cannot
be consummated unless approved by the stockholders of AgeX and Serina. Accordingly, there is no assurance that AgeX and Serina will reach
agreement on the terms of a merger or that, if such an agreement is reached, the stockholders of AgeX and Serina will approve the merger. 

Definitive
agreements regarding the Reverse Bio Financing and a Reverse Bio spinoff have not yet been executed, nor has AgeX s board of directors
approved the Reverse Bio spinoff. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Reverse Bio Financing and the Reverse Bio spinoff may never be
consummated. 

Additional
Information 

AgeX
is incorporated in the State of Delaware. Our common shares trade on the NYSE American under the symbol AGE. Our principal
executive offices are located at 1101 Marina Village Parkway, Suite 201, Alameda, CA 94501, and our phone number at that address is (510)
671-8370. Our website address is www.agexinc.com. The information on, or that can be accessed through our website is not part of this
Report. We make available, free of charge through our website, our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically
filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

iTR TM ,
UniverCyte TM , Renelon , and EPRO are trademarks of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. HyStem and PureStem 
 are registered trademarks of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. POZ is a trademark of Serina Therapeutics Inc. 

7 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth
company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable, in general, to public
companies that are not emerging growth companies. These provisions include: 

reduced
 disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; 

no
 non-binding stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements;
 and 

exemption
 from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial
 reporting. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total
annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the
first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt securities during
the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

The
JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting
standards applicable to public companies. However, we have elected to comply with newly adopted or revised accounting standards when
they become applicable to public companies because our financial statements were previously consolidated with those of our former parent
company Lineage which is not an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and is therefore not permitted to delay the adoption of new
or revised accounting standards that become applicable to public companies. This election under the JOBS Act to not delay the adoption
of new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 

Overview
of Our Opportunity in Age-Related Diseases 

To
date, conventional pharmaceutical approaches to the chronic degenerative conditions associated with aging have provided limited benefit.
Often the approaches offer merely relief from the symptoms of ageing and age-related disease, rather than targeting underlying disease
processes. We believe this is about to change through harnessing the power of new cellular and molecular technologies. We aim to lead
this coming revolution with our pioneering technologies to restore tissue and organ function. Our cell therapy approach is focused on
generating and delivering new cells to patients. Our iTR approach is focused on reversing the age of cells already in the body, where
our research team in February 2020 published that they had converted the cells of a 114-year-old to young pluripotent stem cells in the
lab [J. Lee et al., Induced pluripotency and spontaneous reversal of cellular aging in supercentenarian donor cells, Biochemical and
Biophysical Research Communication, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bbrc.2020.02.092 ]. 

Aging
is one of the most significant demographic trends of our time. As shown in Figure 1, the U.S. Census Bureau projects a sharp rise in
the number of Americans over 80 years of age, with an acceleration occurring between the years 2020 and 2030. 

Figure
1. Projected increase in the numbers of the U.S. population over 80 years of age (U.S. Census Bureau). 

8 

This
demographic shift associated with 76 million aging baby boomers poses a significant challenge to our healthcare system and our economy
as a whole. The unsolved problem relates to the fact that chronic conditions account for about 80 of total health care expenditures
in the United States, with the elderly having a higher prevalence of chronic degenerative disease than the young. Approximately 80 of
older adults have one chronic disease, and 68 have two or more. 

Our
technology platforms reflect over 25 years of research and development in cell immortality and regenerative medicine. It is designed
to address some of the largest unmet needs of an aging population by translating state-of-the-art laboratory science relating to aging
into meaningful therapeutic biologicals and drugs. 

Overview
of Our Product Candidates 

Our
product pipeline includes two cell-based and two iTR-based product candidates in development. 

Our
lead cell-based therapeutic candidates in development are AGEX-BAT1 and AGEX-VASC1: 

AGEX-BAT1
 is our lead cell therapy product candidate in the discovery stage of development utilizing
 PSC-derived brown adipocytes for the treatment of certain age-related metabolic disorders
 such as Type II (adult-onset) diabetes and obesity. 

AGEX-VASC1
 is a cell-based therapy in the discovery stage of development comprised of young regenerative
 vascular-forming cells. AGEX-VASC1 may restore vascular support in aged ischemic tissues
 such as in peripheral vascular disease and ischemic heart disease. 

Our
lead small molecule drug-based therapeutic candidate for iTR TM in discovery is AGEX-iTR1547 and our lead biologic candidate
for iTR is AGEX-iTR1550 : 

AGEX-iTR1547
 is a drug-based formulation and AGEX-iTR1550 (also known as Renelon is a gene delivery
 technology, both of which are in the discovery stage of development. Initial indications
 for use may include scarless wound repair. 

Our
research related to the reprogramming of aging has also led to novel insights into cancer. We have filed patent applications on inventions
that relate to these discoveries. These technologies may provide novel targets for cancer therapy and diagnosis. One such cancer therapeutic
in the early stages of development is designated EPRO TM (embryonic promoter-regulated oncolysis). EPRO is an
oncolytic gene therapy strategy that may provide a novel means of selectively destroying an array of different types of cancer cells.
Successful development of EPRO will be dependent, in part, on the availability of financing and licensing or joint development opportunities. 

Our
currently marketed research products include cGMP ES Cells (human embryonic stem or hES cells produced under current good
manufacturing practices (or cGMP and PSC-derived cells for research: 

cGMP
 PSC lines and PSC-derived cells for research: Through our ESI BIO division, we market cGMP
 PSC lines as well as PSC-derived cells. 

Overview
of Our Technology Platforms 

The
technology underlying our product development programs is based on telomerase-mediated cellular immortality and regenerative biology.
By telomerase-mediated cellular immortality we refer to the fact that cells that express sufficient levels of a protein
called telomerase are capable of replicating without limit. By regenerative biology, we refer to novel methods to regenerate
tissues afflicted with age-related chronic degenerative disease such as peripheral vascular disease and ischemic heart disease as well
as age-related metabolic disorders such as those associated with Type II diabetes and obesity, as well as others. We utilize telomerase-expressing
regenerative Pluripotent Stem Cells, or PSCs, for the manufacture of cell-based therapies. We own or have licensed numerous patents and
patent applications covering methods and compositions relating to this technology platform. 

Our
core technology platforms provide us with a strong foundation for successfully addressing many of the diseases of ageing by focusing
on broad therapeutic applicability and commercially scalable technologies: 

1.
 PureStem : AgeX s allogeneic cell derivation and manufacturing platform, based on human embryonic
progenitors, which are cells in state of development between embryonic stem cells and adult cells. We believe PureStem has the potential
to solve several major challenges faced by the cell therapy industry by generating cellular therapeutics which would: 

be
 commercialized as off-the-shelf products 

be
 pure and industrially scalable 

have
 lower cost of goods per unit 

be
 amenable to traditional pharma supply chain logistics 

have
 the potential for acceptable reimbursement prices, unlike the very expensive autologous products,
 and 

have
 higher clinical adoption from expected cost savings and more simplified processes. 

9 

In
addition, we believe PureStem cells may have advantages over mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs), which may only survive transiently in the
body and exert any short-term benefit by releasing paracrine factors, which may limit their potential of MSCx. 

MSCs
neither engraft nor become specialized cells. On the other hand, cells derived from PureStem progenitors will be young, not prone to
the disadvantages associated with older cells, and are expected to become permanently engrafted in the body to deliver a true regenerative
outcome. To date, AgeX has isolated more than 200 cell types from PureStem. 

2.
 UniverCyte : AgeX s pioneering technology to genetically modify allogeneic donor cells to potentially become hypoimmunogenic/universal,
so they can potentially be transplanted into all patients in an off-the- shelf manner, without the normal need for human leukocyte antigen
(HLA) matching between donor and receipt or immunosuppression. UniverCyte utilizes a potent molecule called HLA-G. HLA is a group of
related proteins that helps the immune system distinguish the body s own proteins from proteins made by foreign invaders such as
viruses and bacteria. HLA-G s only known physiological role in nature is to prevent destruction of a semi-allogeneic fetus by the
maternal immune system. UniverCyte could potentially avoid immune rejection of transplanted cells, solving a major challenge facing the
allogeneic cell therapy industry. In addition to utilizing UniverCyte for its own future cell therapy products, AgeX may make
UniverCyte available to other cell therapy companies through licensing arrangements. 

3.
 HyStem : Delivery technology to stably engraft cells or slowly release small molecules in the body for greater
safety and efficacy. The key advantages of HyStem over competitors may include: (1) higher cell retention, survival,
proliferation and engraftment; (2) biodegradability which can be fine-tuned; (3) non-immunogenicity; (4) immunosuppressive in nature;
(5) ease of usage; and (6) scalability. 

4.
 Induced Tissue Regeneration (iTR TM ): The aim of iTR is to return aged cells back to a youthful state, thereby inducing
a capacity for scarless regeneration characteristic of early developing tissues, without reverting cells to pluripotency. This technology
is sometimes referred to as partial reprogramming or epigenetic reprogramming of aging. This novel approach
may trigger complete regeneration of cells, and potentially even complex tissues, damaged as a result of age-related degenerative processes
or trauma. The premise behind iTR is that aging, and in turn degenerative diseases of old age, are a result of the loss of two characteristics
of cells; namely, replicative immortality and regenerative capacity. These two characteristics are present in embryonic cells but are
lost at the embryonic to fetal transition (EFT). With this loss, humans can no longer generate new cells or repair damaged cells scarlessly
and in sufficient numbers to maintain health. We discovered that cells begin expressing the gene COX7A1 at the EFT when regeneration
is commonly lost. Therefore, the gene may be a key inhibitor of cellular regeneration. For example, we have discovered that restoring
a regenerative pattern of COX7A1 gene expression may facilitate hair regeneration in mouse models. In addition, we have invented multiple
platforms for delivering iTR using small molecules as well as biologic strategies such as those using gene therapy to transiently express
reprogramming factors. We have filed patent applications on the use of iTR in a wide array of degenerative conditions including cancer. 

5.
 ESI Cell Lines: AgeX has six clinical-grade human embryonic stem cell lines, they are distinguished as the first clinical-grade
human pluripotent stem cell lines created under current Good Manufacturing Practice as described in Cell Stem Cell (2007;1:490-4). They
are listed on the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Stem Cell Registry in the USA and are among the best characterized and documented
stem cell lines in the world. ESI-053 is among only a few pluripotent stem cell lines from which a derived cell therapy product candidate
has been granted FDA IND clearance for human studies. The FDA cleared an IND application from ImStem Biotechnology, one of our sublicensees,
for a MSC product derived from ESI-053 for multiple sclerosis. This was believed to be the first MSC product derived from a pluripotent
stem line to be accepted for a human trial by the FDA. The ESI cell lines are available as research or clinical grade product, and have
been offered since 2006. 

Business
Strategy 

Each
of our four proprietary platform technologies, PureStem for cell derivation and manufacturing, UniverCyte for
generation of hypoimmunogenic cells, iTR TM for reversing the age of cells already in the body and HyStem for
cell or small molecule-based iTR TM delivery, presents AgeX with a multiplicity of attractive opportunities which we may pursue.
Given these platform technologies may be highly desirable to multiple academic and biopharma companies due to their broad applicability
and potentially important clinical and commercial benefits, AgeX plans to pursue different business models for these platforms: 

Co-Development
 and Licensing : Our PureStem and UniverCyte technologies as well
 as our ESI cell lines may have applications in the development of a broad range of cell therapy
 products. We will seek opportunities to license these AgeX technologies to other cell therapy
 or biopharma companies to bring in early revenue streams, especially for therapies that AgeX
 does not presently intend to develop. 

Cellular
 Therapy : AgeX presently does not have the laboratory and research staff required to conduct
 in-house research and development for its product candidates, including AGEX-BAT1 and AGEX-VASC1.
 Instead, AgeX may conduct research and development of those product candidates through a
 variety of alternative strategies, including but not limited to sponsoring research and development
 work at research laboratories at universities or other educational institutions, entering
 into co-development and marketing arrangements with researchers or other companies in the
 cell therapy or biopharma industry, and engaging contract service providers to conduct research
 and development and manufacturing for AgeX for particular product candidates. Our sponsored
 Huntington s Disease research program at UCI has led to the organization of a new AgeX
 subsidiary, of which we are presently the majority shareholder, to pursue clinical studies
 of the use of derived neural stem cell to treat that disease. The new subsidiary is still
 in the organizational stage and commencement of clinical study work will depend on its ability
 to obtain financing through grants or third-party investment. 

Reverse
 Bioengineering, Inc. : Partial cellular reprogramming using our iTR TM technology
 may one day allow us to revert aged or diseased cells inside the body back to a more youthful,
 healthy and functional state. We incorporated Reverse Bioengineering, Inc. Reverse
 Bio as an AgeX subsidiary to develop our revolutionary iTR TM platform.
 Reverse Bio will allow for a dedicated focus on iTR TM in terms of equity financing
 and advancing our iTR TM technology to proof-of-concept in an animal model. We
 have assigned to Reverse Bio our patent portfolio for iTR development, but the future operations
 of Reverse Bio will depend in large measure on its ability to raise its own capital. 

10 

Each
of these models may provide particular benefits to AgeX in terms of financing and efficiency of operations. However, each alternative
has potential disadvantages as well. If AgeX out-licenses its technology it will avoid the costs and risks of research and development,
clinical trials, regulatory approval, manufacturing, and commercialization of product candidates, but the revenues AgeX would receive
from commercialization of products developed under those arrangements would likely be limited to royalties on product sales and potentially
licensing fees and milestone payments representing a relatively small portion of total product revenues. Similarly, co-development and
marketing or similar arrangements would permit AgeX to share costs and risks but would also require AgeX to share revenues from the product
candidates that may be successfully developed and commercialized. See Risk Factors elsewhere in this Report for information
about certain risks associated with reliance on arrangements with third parties for research, product development, clinical trials, manufacturing,
and commercializing product candidates. 

We
plan to finance our iTR TM and AGEX-BAT1 research and development through Reverse Bio. To the extent that such financing is
obtained through the sale of capital stock or other equity securities to investors or other biopharma companies by Reverse Bio, or the
sale of Reverse Bio shares held by AgeX, our equity interest in Reverse Bio and our iTR TM and AGEX-BAT1 business would be
diluted. 

Background
of Human Aging 

Cell
Immortality 

There
is a growing consensus in the scientific community that human aging is due in large part to the aging of individual cells in the various
tissues of the body (somatic cells). In contrast, the reproductive lineage of cells (germ-line) perpetuate the human species from generation-to-generation
without limit and continue to generate new people over the millennia. 

In
1961, Dr. Leonard Hayflick first reported that normal human cells in the body (unlike the germ-line) can proliferate for only a finite
number of times (typically fewer than 100 times). This phenomenon, known as the Hayflick Limit , cell mortality ,
or cellular aging , is a normal property of somatic cells. In the 1990s, our CEO, Dr. Michael D. West, founded a biotechnology
company called Geron Corporation, where his team isolated for the first time the human gene called Telomerase Reverse Transcriptase 
or telomerase. In 1998, Geron scientists in collaboration with scientists at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center at Dallas, published the result that telomerase could stop the aging of human cells, or could immortalize them. 

Figure
2. The Germ-line/soma dichotomy wherein germ-line cells express telomerase, maintain telomere length, and exhibit replicative immortality,
while body (somatic) cells lack telomerase, showing progressive telomere shortening until they reach the Hayflick limit. 

In
1994, Dr. West s group demonstrated through an assay for measuring telomerase activity that nearly 90 of cancer cell types cultured
in the laboratory or tumors surgically removed from patients abnormally express telomerase. This broke the then dogma that there was
no common mechanism at work in cancer. Scientists have concluded that cell mortality, while being detrimental in old age, benefits us
early in life by helping to repress cancer cell growth. Figure 2 illustrates this dichotomy wherein immortal cells such as the germ-line
cells that perpetuate the species are immortal through telomerase activity while body (somatic) cells lack telomerase expression, and
as a result show progressive telomere shortening and a finite lifespan (are mortal). 

11 

The
Weismann Barrier 

Early
in the evolution of life, primitive unicellular and even multicellular organisms may have lacked programmed aging as a result of the
potential of their cells having the potential for both replicative immortality and regeneration. However, in more complex animals such
as mammals, somatic cells lose not only replicative immortality, but after most organ systems are formed during embryonic development,
they also lose full regenerative potential. This repression of both -telomerase-mediated cell immortality and regeneration potential
is called the Weismann Barrier (see Figure 3). 

Figure
3. The Weismann Barrier coincides with the loss of both replicative immortality and regeneration. Levels of expression of the gene COX7A1
 provide a useful marker of the loss of regenerative potential. 

12 

PSCs
represent the earliest stages of human development and are the first normal human cells cultured in the laboratory that display both
telomerase-mediated replicative immortality and regenerative potential. Therefore, our scientists utilized these cells as well as the
primitive regenerative cells derived from them, called PureStem cell lines, in research where they were
compared to diverse adult cells on the mortal side of the Weismann barrier to uncover the mechanisms regulating the loss of regenerative
potential. Artificial intelligence algorithms were used to parse millions of gene expression data points and the results were published
in late 2017. Figure 3 shows the Weismann Barrier and the associated rise of a gene expression marker of the non-regenerative state designated
 COX7A1. This proprietary marker, along with other insights obtained from the research, provides us with a window into this biology
and a means of screening for agents capable of restoring a regenerative state to old nonregenerative cells. It is anticipated that such
agents may not only reset the pattern of gene expression in adult cells back to that their regenerative counterparts but may also induce
tissue regeneration when applied in vivo in the context of age-related degenerative disease. Since the previously mentioned 2017
publication described the re-emergence of the regenerative phenotype in the majority of cancer cell lines, the discoveries may open the
door to potentially important diagnostic and therapeutic implications as well. 

Pluripotent
Stem Cells (PSCs) 

Figure
4. Pluripotent Stem Cells (PSCs) possess both telomerase-mediated replicative immortality and regenerative potential, capable of producing
all human cell types. 

In
an effort to utilize telomerase-mediated immortality and regenerative biology in the development of novel therapeutics, in the mid-1990s,
Dr. West, organized a collaboration with Drs. James Thomson, John Gearhart, and Roger Pedersen that led to the first isolation of PSCs.
In contrast to other types of cells, PSCs are unique by at least two important criteria. The first criterion relates to the ability of
pluripotent cells to proliferate, or make more copies of themselves, indefinitely, that is to say, they are immortal. The
second relates to the ability of PSCs to differentiate into any of the hundreds of specialized cell types in the body. This replicative
immortality of PSCs facilitates the industrial scalability of product. We believe that many of these cell types have potential for regenerating
function in tissues damaged by degenerative diseases when transplanted. A small sampling of these cell types is shown in Figure 4. Unlike
PSCs, adult stem cells typically have severely-reduced scale-up potential (are mortal unlike immortal PSCs), and have passed the Weismann
Barrier, and are therefore limited in their ability to regenerate normal tissue when transplanted in vivo . Therefore, we believe
that PSC - based cellular therapeutics have significant competitive advantages over cell-based therapeutics being developed by many
adult stem cell companies. 

13 

Our
Technology Platforms 

PureStem 
 Technology 

Regulatory
approval of cell- and tissue-based products require high standards of quality control. In the case of stem cell-derived products, there
is a high standard for ensuring the known identity, purity, and reproducibility of the cells to be administered. PSCs provide certain
advantages over adult stem cell products when used in the manufacture of cell-based therapeutics for the treatment of age-related disease.
These advantages include: 

The
 replicative immortality of the PSCs which facilitates the indefinite scale-up of PSC master
 cell banks for the manufacture of uniform product, as well as an immortal substrate for targeted
 genetic modifications. 

Since
 most PSCs maintain long and stable telomere lengths, the replicative capacity of derived
 differentiated cell types is typically longer (younger) than adult or even fetal-derived
 cells. 

Using
 PureStem technology, it is possible to clonally expand hundreds of purified,
 identified, and reproducibly scalable cell types that retain regenerative potential (have
 not passed the regeneration limit). 

PureStem 
 technology is based on the observation that embryonic anlagen of many tissues in the human body are naturally comprised of highly
proliferative cells with relatively long telomere length. Therefore, it is possible to generate clonal lineages of these cells in
vitro. Cells derived from adult tissues commonly permanently cease to divide after a certain number of doublings, a condition known
as senescence. In addition, adult and even fetal tissues largely contain differentiated cells often with limited or no capacity of replication
 in vitro . As a result, the clonal expansion of human embryonic progenitor cell types allows not only a novel and more facile point
of scalability but also generates populations of cells that are multipotent instead of pluripotent, and therefore markedly easier to
define identity, purity, and potency. 

We
have studied the fate of over 200 diverse PureStem cell lines in thousands of differentiation conditions. This was accomplished by thawing
individual cryopreserved PureStem cell lines, culturing them in the laboratory, and then exposing the cells to factors that differentiate
cells such as protein growth and differentiation factors, hormones, and small molecules implicated in causing cells to change from one
type of cell into another (differentiation). Using individual cells from the over 200 diverse PureStem cell lines previously isolated
and cryopreserved, we treated the diverse cells with thousands of differentiation conditions, prepared RNA, and determined the gene expression
pattern of the cells using gene expression microarrays. These experiments have shown that the PureStem cell lines display site-specific
markers that identify not only the type of cells, but also where in the body the cells would normally reside. Therefore, in the example
of cartilage cells, it was possible to produce diverse types of cartilage in this manner. We have licensed from our former parent company
Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. Lineage PureStem applications outside of orthopedics, medical aesthetics, and certain
ophthalmological applications. 

We
have chosen two PureStem applications for our initial product development based on unmet medical need along with other factors. The first
product candidates are AGEX-BAT1, brown adipose tissue or BAT cells for the treatment of metabolic disorders such as obesity or Type
II diabetes, and AGEX-VASC1, vascular endothelial progenitors for the treatment of age-related ischemic disease such as that leading
to peripheral vascular disease and ischemic heart disease. These cells will be formulated in a delivery matrix designated HyStem 
 to promote viability of the graft as well as to localize the cells to the intended site in the body. 

14 

HyStem 
 Delivery Technology 

HyStem 
 is a patented biomaterial that mimics the extracellular matrix that is the structural network of macromolecules surrounding cells
in the body. The extracellular matrix is essential for normal cellular function and survival of transplanted cells. Many tissue engineering
and regenerative cell-based therapies are expected to benefit from the delivery of therapeutic cells in a matrix for precise localized
delivery and survival. HyStem is a unique hydrogel that has been shown to support cellular attachment in vivo. Current research
at medical institutions has shown that HyStem is compatible with a wide variety of cells and tissue types including those of the brain,
bone, skin, cartilage, vascular system and heart. The technology underlying HyStem hydrogels was developed at the University of Utah
and has been exclusively licensed to Lineage for human therapeutic applications and sublicensed to AgeX for certain fields. The HyStem
technology is based on a unique thiol cross-linking chemistry to prepare hyaluronan-based matrices as hydrogels. Since the first published
report in 2002, there have been numerous academic scientific publications supporting the biocompatibility of thiol cross-linked hyaluronan-based
matrices and their applications as medical devices and in cell culture, tissue engineering, and animal models of cell-based therapies. 

Figure
5. AgeX plans to utilize the HyStem technology for the delivery of cell-based therapeutics. 

Due
to the unique cross-linking chemistry, HyStem matrices have the ability to be safely combined with living cells and subsequently injected
or applied locally as a hydrogel which allows the gel to conform to the three-dimensional contour of a tissue. Building upon this platform,
we initially plan to use HyStem for cell-based therapy. 

The
building blocks for HyStem hydrogels may vary with the application but typically include combinations of hyaluronan, gelatin, or heparin,
each of which has been thiol-modified. Hydrogels are formed by cross-linking mixtures of these thiolated macromolecules with polyethylene
glycol diacrylate (PEGDA). The rate of gelation and the hydrogel stiffness can be controlled by varying the amount of cross-linker. An
important attribute of HyStem hydrogels is their large water content, over 98 . As a result, these hydrogels have a high permeability
for oxygen, nutrients, and other water-soluble metabolites. 

15 

UniverCyte 

Our
UniverCyte technology uses a proprietary, novel, modified form of HLA-G and is intended to permit donor cells to be
transplanted into patients without donor-patient tissue matching and without administering immunosuppressant medication. Immunosuppressive
drugs can reduce patient resistance to infectious diseases and cancers as well as cause organ and other toxicities. Reducing or eliminating
the need for immunosuppressants after cell transplantation by use of hypoimmunogenic cells may make therapies universally available.
We plan to use or license the use of this patented technology to produce genetically-modified master cell banks of pluripotent stem cells
that can then be differentiated into any young cell type of the human body that now express the immune tolerogenic molecule. 

Products
and Product Candidates 

Our
Therapeutic Product Candidates 

AGEX-BAT1
- Brown Adipose Tissue (BAT) Progenitors 

Brown
adipose tissue (BAT) is abundant early in life but lost precipitously with age. This tissue is believed to generate heat through expression
of a gene called UCP1. In addition, the high levels of glucose and lipid uptake by the tissue is believed to balance metabolism
in young people. In contrast, central obesity and Type II diabetes has been correlated with low levels of BAT. 

Figure
6. Human tissue-derived BAT cells (left) stained red for the presence of UCP1 show a minority of cells being true BAT cells. PureStem-derived
AGEX-BAT1 cells are uniformly UCP1 positive. 

The
demonstration in published literature in the public domain that the transplantation of BAT from young mice to obese diabetic mice resulted
in weight loss and increased insulin sensitivity has led to a search for a source of industrially-scalable clinical grade BAT cells as
well as an appropriate matrix for lipotransfer. There currently is no FDA-approved matrix for cell transplantation. However, Lineage
has obtained a CE Mark for the marketing of HyStem (Renevia) for cell-assisted lipotransfer procedures in Europe. Therefore, we believe
HyStem can be used for the delivery of BAT cells produced using PureStem technology. As shown in Figure 6, the AGEX-BAT1
 progenitors strongly express the BAT marker UCP1 when induced to differentiate and show a relatively high degree of purity compared
to human tissue-derived BAT. 

We
entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement with Ohio State University using AGEX-BAT1 in mice to determine whether transplantation of
AgeX-BAT1 cells may lead to improvements in diet-induced obesity, metabolic health including glucose metabolism, and cardiac function.
For purposes of this proof of concept work, two different cell transplant matrices were tested, HyStem and a 3-D silk scaffold. We consider
this work to be an early stage study and expect to conduct or sponsor additional research on the potential therapeutic benefits of AGEX-BAT1. 

16 

AGEX-VASC1
- Vascular Progenitors 

PureStem 
 technology can also yield highly purified embryonic vascular components. As shown below, select clonal lines express markers such
as VE-Cadherin (CDH5) and PECAM1, as well as VWF and other markers of venous, arterial, and lymphatic endothelium. Flow cytometry shows
purity indistinguishable from 100 . 

In
addition to vascular endothelial cells, we have characterized vascular smooth muscle cell progenitors. This makes it possible for us
to construct two of the key cellular components of arterial vessels, such as those compromised in coronary artery disease. 

Figure
7. PureStem-derived vascular endothelial cell lines are capable of regenerating young vasculature (bottom left) and appear to have essentially
100 purity by FACs analysis. 

HyStem
hydrogels have been successfully used in cell transplantation research in animal models and in a CE marked product developed by Lineage
for autologous adipose tissue preparations to restore and/or augment facial volume as a treatment of facial lipoatrophy after subcutaneous
fat volume loss. AgeX s near term goal is to optimize process development for planned animal preclinical testing of AgeX-VASC1
formulated in HyStem for delivery into ischemic heart tissue to regenerate collateral circulation. 

17 

AGEX-iTR1547
 Induced Tissue Regeneration (iTR TM 

Leveraging
our assets in pluripotency and bioinformatics, we have performed research manipulating cellular immortality and regenerative biology
in human cells. In 2010, our scientists while at Lineage demonstrated the reversal of the developmental aging of human cells using transcriptional
reprogramming technology. In 2017, we published certain markers of the Weismann barrier, and the high prevalence of a reversion back
before the Weismann barrier in diverse cancer cell types cultured in vitro . 

We
extended this research to determine whether reprogramming can be modified to only reverse the aging of cells back before the Weismann
Barrier, not back to pluripotency. We have utilized for example the gene COX7A1 as a marker of cells that have lost regenerative
potential (crossed the Weismann Barrier). As shown in Figure 8, our proprietary formulation AGEX-iTR1547 has demonstrated initial capability
of reducing the expression of the marker gene COX7A1 back to before the Weismann Barrier without reverting the cells to pluripotency.
When implemented in vivo , this partial reprogramming, or iTR, would be expected to induce tissue regeneration, and when combined
with telomerase, could modulate both cellular immortality and regenerative biology for therapeutic effect. In addition to the small molecule
product candidate designated iTR1547, we have invented biological interventions based, for example, on gene therapy. Our inventions relating
to iTR biologics disclose both DNA and RNA-based strategies. Our gene delivery iTR product candidate is designated iTR1550. We are performing
research to optimize AGEX-iTR1547 and in parallel a gene delivery formulation designated AGEX-iTR1550 in order to initiate preclinical
studies of one or both of the agents on the scarless regeneration of the skin. 

Figure
8. PSCs such as ES Cells and PureStem EP Cells display a regenerative capacity like cells that have not cross the Weismann Barrier. During
pre- and post-natal development, skin cells become increasingly incapable of scarless regeneration as reflected in increasing COX7A1
 expression. iPS cell reprograming reverts cells back to pluripotency, while AgeX-iTR1547 reverts cells back only to a point prior
to the Weismann Barrier (regenerative state). 

18 

Status
and Development Plan 

The
product candidates we have chosen are in the discovery stage of development. Prior to filing an Investigational New Drug (IND) application
for the initiation of clinical trials of our initial product candidates, AGEX-BAT1, AGEX-VASC1, and AGEX-ITR1547/AGEX-iTR1550 a number
of important research and development goals will need to be achieved, including discovery-level research for the qualification of reagents
used in the manufacture of the product, completion of the standard operating procedures to be used (SOPs), complete the methods and documentation
for characterization of the product; and producing and testing the genetic modifications in the master cell banks of the pluripotent
stem cells under current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) in order to produce product that will not illicit immune rejection following
transplantation. In addition, we will be required to expand the numbers of the pluripotent stem cell master cell banks for future use;
produce working cell banks from which the product will be manufactured for clinical trials; produce the relevant product under cGMP conditions;
and expand the number of relevant cells and cryopreserve them under cGMP conditions. In addition, we will be required to design the pre-clinical
studies including the study endpoints, perform biosafety testing and release the first clinical batch based on preliminary characterization
results, and complete full product characterization. Biosafety testing will necessarily include pilot testing in animals such as (NOD/SCID)
mice, dosing spiking studies at early and later endpoints, tumorgenicity and biodistribution studies to determine whether the cells form
undesired tumors or migrate to inappropriate sites respectively in the animal. Lastly, we will need to define the clinical trial and
regulatory strategy and hold various meetings with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), as well as successfully submit an investigational
new drug application or IND to the FDA and receive clearance to begin trials. Thereafter, we will need to demonstrate safety and efficacy
of the product in human clinical trials in Phase I and II trials, and continued safety and efficacy for achieving the desired endpoint
in Phase III trials, potentially then leading to product registration. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business
Operations for discussion of risks relating to product development and clinical trials. These include, but are not limited to,
failure to successfully complete the aforementioned studies due to the failure of the product, processes, or skills of our employees,
unforeseen delays in the development process, failure to raise requisite financing, or failure to receive permission from the FDA to
advance product development. To the extent we license development of one or more product candidates to third parties or enter into collaboration
arrangements for product development, our licensees or collaborators would need to undertake and achieve the foregoing goals. 

Because
our product candidates are still in the discovery stage, our choice of product candidates and development plans are subject to change
based on a variety of factors. We may determine to abandon the development of one or more of our product candidates, or we may prioritize
the development of one or more product candidates, or we may select or acquire and prioritize the development of new product candidates.
Our choice and prioritization of product candidates for development will be influenced by a variety of factors, including but not limited
to: 

Results
 of our laboratory research and any animal and clinical trials that we or any licensees or
 collaborators may conduct; 

Our
 ability to enter into licensing or collaborative arrangements with other biotechnology or
 biopharma companies or universities with their own laboratory facilities and research staffs
 to conduct research and development of one or more product candidates; 

Our
 analysis of third-party competitive and alternative technology that may lead us to conclude
 that our product candidates or technologies may be non-competitive or obsolete; 

Our
 analysis of market demand and market prices for the products we plan to develop could lead
 us to conclude that market conditions are not favorable for receiving an adequate return
 on our investment in product development and commercialization; 

The
 amount of capital that we will have for our development programs and our projected costs
 for those programs; 

The
 issuance of patents to third parties that might block our use of the same or similar technology
 to develop a product candidate; and 

The
 views of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies on the pre-clinical product characterization
 studies required to file an IND in order to initiate human clinical testing of a therapeutic
 product candidate or to attain marketing approval for that product candidate, or to obtain
 an investigational device exemption for clinical trials, or clearance for a 510(k) application
 to market a medical device. 

19 

Other
Products and Product Candidates 

Neural
Stem Cells 

During
January 2020, we began a research collaboration under a Sponsored Research Agreement with the University of California at Irvine UCI using our PureStem technology to derive neural stem cells, with the goal of developing cellular therapies to treat neurological
disorders and diseases. The primary goal of the research will be to develop a robust method of deriving neural stem cells from PSCs in
sufficient quantity and with sufficient purity and identity for use in cell based therapy. The initial focus will be on Huntington s
disease, while other potential targets may include Parkinson s, Alzheimer s, and stroke. UCI has already accumulated safety
and efficacy animal data that may support an IND submission to the FDA for the commencement of clinical trials to treat Huntington s
disease. This collaboration has led to the organization of a new AgeX subsidiary, NeuroAirmid Therapeutics, Inc. NeuroAirmid ),
jointly owned with UCI and certain researchers to pursue clinical development and commercialization of cell therapies derived using licensed
inventions arising from the research program, as well as certain patent pending technology for neural stem cell derivation, and certain
technical data to support IND submissions. The new subsidiary is still in the organizational stage and commencement of clinical study
work will depend on its ability to obtain financing through grants or third-party investment. 

ESI
BIO Research Products 

We,
through our ESI BIO research product division, market a number of products related to pluripotent stem cells including research-grade
as well as cGMP-grade human PSC lines. We plan to contract with third parties where the third parties to allow them to utilize cGMP PSC
lines in defined fields of application in exchange for certain compensation including the payment of royalties to us if they are successful
in developing and commercializing a product. 

Subsidiaries 

AgeX
has three subsidiaries, Reverse Bio, ReCyte Therapeutics, Inc. ReCyte and NeuroAirmid. These subsidiaries are early stage
pre-clinical research and development companies. 

AgeX
will develop its revolutionary iTR TM platform and AGEX-BAT1 through Reverse Bio. Reverse Bio will allow for a dedicated focus
on iTR TM in terms of equity financing and advancing the iTR TM technology to proof-of-concept in an animal model.
AgeX s patent portfolio for iTR and AGEX-BAT1 development have been assigned to Reverse Bio, but the future operations of Reverse
Bio will depend in large measure on its ability to raise its own capital. ReCyte is involved in stem cell-derived endothelial and cardiovascular
related progenitor cells for the treatment of vascular disorders and ischemic conditions. AgeX owns 100 , 94.8 , and 50 of the outstanding
capital stock of Reverse Bio, ReCyte, and NeuroAirmid, respectively. We expect that our ownership interests in Reverse Bio and NeuroAirmid
will be diluted if those subsidiaries are successful in obtaining financing from investors or product development collaborators. All
material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Manufacturing 

We
presently do not have any manufacturing facilities and we will need to rely on third party contract manufacturers for the production
of our cell lines and product candidates and to comply with quality manufacturing processes and controls. 

20 

Facilities 

We
presently occupy 101 square feet of leased office space in a building in an office and research park at 1101 Marina Village Parkway,
Suite 201, Alameda, California. We do not have our own research laboratory facilities. 

Commercialization
Plan 

With
the exception of our research product sales which generate a trivial amount of revenues, we currently have no commercialized or marketed
products such as FDA-approved drugs in our portfolio. As a result, we have not yet assembled an infrastructure for sales and marketing.
At the point in time, if ever, that our product candidates approach clearance or approval, we plan to develop a commercial plan that
may initially include strategic marketing partnerships. 

Intellectual
Property 

Patents
and Trade Secrets 

We
rely primarily on patents and contractual obligations with employees and third parties to protect our proprietary rights. We have sought,
and intend to continue to seek, appropriate patent protection for important and strategic components of our proprietary technologies
by filing patent applications in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. There are no assurances that any of our intellectual property
rights will guarantee protection or market exclusivity for our products and product candidates. We also use license agreements both to
access technologies developed by other companies and universities and to convey certain intellectual property rights to others. Our financial
success will be dependent, in part, on our ability to obtain commercially valuable patent claims, to protect and enforce our intellectual
property rights, and to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others if we are unable to obtain enabling licenses. 

The
patents for our core programs are summarized below. 

AGEX-BAT1 

Brown
Adipose Tissue BAT Progenitor Cells : The pending patent applications related to BAT progenitor cells, which are owned
by AgeX, include U.S. and international patent applications. The applications are directed to the differentiation of pluripotent stem
cells (including hES cells) into progenitor cell types capable of making the cellular components of brown fat. The patents also describe
culture and purification methods. The approximate expiration dates of the BAT patents, if issued, will range from 2034 to 2036. The AGEX-BAT1
product may also rely on the HyStem patents, which are described in detail below under the heading HyStem Technology. 

AGEX-VASC1 

Vascular
Progenitors: The pending patent application pertaining to purified vascular progenitor cells and embryonic vascular components are
owned by AgeX or an AgeX subsidiary or licensed from Lineage. The patents include U.S. patent applications and are directed to methods
to enhance vascular tube networks, compositions of pericyte progenitor cells, compositions of exosomes containing angiogenic molecules,
compositions of vascular and lymphatic cells, and methods to culture and purify the cells or components thereof. The approximate expiration
dates of the vascular progenitor patents, if issued, range from 2032 to 2038. We plan to file an international patent application claiming
priority from a pending US provisional application by the filing deadline, which could lead to a patent that if issued would expire in
2039. The AGEX-VASC1 product may also rely on the HyStem patents, which are described in detail below, under the heading HyStem 
 Technology. 

AGEX-iTR1547
and AGEX-iTR1550 

Induced
Tissue Regeneration iTR TM : The pending patent applications related to the iTR programs, which are owned
by AgeX, include applications pending, for example, in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Japan and a pending international
patent application. These patents and patent applications are directed to compositions and methods for healing damaged tissue using the
iTR treatment methods. The patent applications are also directed to treatment methods by regenerating aging tissue by modulating genes
involved in tissue regeneration, including reprogramming cells and tissues back to a regenerative state. The approximate expiration dates
of the iTR patents, if issued, will range from 2034 to 2041. 

21 

Other
AGEX Licensed and Sublicensed Patents 

PureStem 
 Progenitor Cells: The patents and pending applications related to our PureStem technology include patents and
applications in the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia. These patents are directed to methods for generating diverse isolated
progenitor cell lines which generally do not express COX7A1 and combinations of other methods for employing pluripotent stem cell
lines suitable for clinical use. The pending applications are directed to clonally purified human embryonic progenitor cell lines and
methods for reproducible, large scale production of clonally purified human embryonic progenitor cells, compositions and methods for
generating diverse cell types, and assays useful in identifying hES cell lines and pluripotent cells resulting from the transcriptional
reprogramming of somatic cells that have embryonic telomere length. The approximate expiration date of the PureStem issued
patents is 2031 and the approximate date of expiration of the pending patents, if issued, will range from 2029 to 2032. 

The
PureStem patent portfolio includes patents and pending applications licensed from Advanced Cell Technology, Inc., which
later became Ocata Therapeutics, Inc. Ocata ). The Ocata issued patents cover methods for reprogramming animal differentiated
somatic cells to undifferentiated cells and methods for producing differentiated progenitor cells using morula-derived or inner cell
mass cells from a blastocyst and expire from approximately 2023 to 2026. The Ocata pending applications relate to methods for the derivation
of cells that have a reduced differentiation potential using PSCs, methods for reprogramming animal differentiated somatic cells to undifferentiated
cells and methods for producing differentiated progenitor cells using morula-derived or inner cell mass cells from a blastocyst. The
Ocata pending patents, if issued, will expire between 2023 and 2026. 

HyStem 
 Technology : AgeX has a sublicense to the HyStem technology from Lineage and the technology was originally
developed by the University of Utah Research Foundation with patents issued in the United States, Canada, Switzerland, Germany, Spain,
France, UK, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, Japan, Australia, and South Africa. The patents have claims covering compositions, pharmaceutical
compositions with living cells methods of crosslinking, methods of making, methods of administering the compositions, and the use of
the synthetic extracellular matrix in both research and clinical applications. The expiration dates of the HyStem patents
range from 2023 to 2027. 

ESI
Human Embryonic Stem Cell hES Cell Lines: AgeX licenses rights to the ES Cell International Pte. Ltd. patent
portfolio with patents issued in the United States, Australia, Israel, UK, Singapore, Japan, and applications pending in the US and Europe.
The patents are directed to methods for the differentiation of or enhancing the differentiation of stem cells into cardiomyocytes, neural
cells, and pancreatic endoderm cells, compositions of pancreatic progenitor cells, methods of promoting the attachment, survival and/or
proliferation of substantially undifferentiated stem cells in culture, methods for identifying and selecting cardiomyocytes, methods
of freezing stem cells or progenitor cells, methods for identifying cardiogenic factors, compositions and methods for modulating spontaneous
differentiation of a stem cell, methods of modulating the differentiation of undifferentiated, pluripotent human embryonic stem cells
in culture, isolated endodermal progenitor cells, methods for transducing human embryonic stem cells, cell culture systems. The pending
applications are directed to methods for the differentiation of hES cells into the three cell lineages, including for example cardiomyocytes,
skeletal muscle cells, vascular endothelial cells, and pancreatic endoderm cells, as well as various culture and purification methods
and compositions and methods of treatment. The ESI issued patents will expire from 2023 to 2027, and the approximate date of expiration
of the pending patents, if issued, will range from 2023 to 2027. 

UniverCyte TM
 HLA-G Technology: 
In August 2018, we acquired from Escape Therapeutics patents and patent applications related to HLA-G-modified cells and methods of generating
allogeneic cells with reduced risk of being rejected by patients regardless of the HLA class I haplotype. The patents and pending application
related to our HLA-G modified cells technology include patents issued in the United States, Australia and Japan and applications are
pending in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Japan, Korea, and Singapore. The patents are directed to cells which
are genetically modified to express a Human Leukocyte Antigen-G HLA-G and have reduced immunogenicity, and nucleic acid
compositions useful for generating the genetically modified cells. The pending applications are directed to compositions and methods
for generating cells which are genetically modified to express HLA-G having reduced immunogenicity, nucleic acid compositions useful
for generating the genetically modified cells, and methods of producing artificial tissues using the genetically modified cells. The
approximate expiration date of the UniverCyte HLA-G issued patents is 2033 and the approximate date of expiration
of the pending patents, if issued, will also be 2033. We intend to use the UniverCyte technology in the development of our two
lead product candidates, AGEX-BAT1 and AGEX-VASC1 for the treatment of Type II diabetes and peripheral vascular disease and ischemic
heart disease, respectively. In addition, we may seek to license out or form collaborations for the use of our UniverCyte technology. 

General
Risks Related to Obtaining and Enforcing Patent Protection 

There
is a risk that any patent applications that we file and any patents that we hold or later obtain could be challenged by third parties
and be declared invalid or infringing on third-party claims. Litigation, interferences, oppositions, inter partes reviews or other proceedings
are, have been and may in the future be necessary in some instances to determine the validity and scope of certain of our proprietary
rights, and in other instances to determine the validity, scope or non-infringement of certain patent rights claimed by third parties
to be pertinent to the manufacture, use or sale of our products. We may also face challenges to our patent and regulatory protections
covering our products by third parties, including manufacturers of generics and biosimilars that may choose to launch or attempt to launch
their products before the expiration of our patent or regulatory exclusivity. Litigation, interference, oppositions, inter partes reviews,
administrative challenges or other similar types of proceedings are unpredictable and may be protracted, expensive and distracting to
management. The outcome of such proceedings could adversely affect the validity and scope of our patent or other proprietary rights,
hinder our ability to manufacture and market our products, require us to seek a license for the infringed product or technology or result
in the assessment of significant monetary damages against us that may exceed any amounts that we may accrue on our consolidated financial
statements as a reserve for contingent liabilities. An adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding or a failure
to obtain necessary licenses could prevent us from manufacturing or selling our products. Furthermore, payments under any licenses that
we are able to obtain would reduce our profits derived from the covered products and services. 

22 

The
enforcement of patent rights often requires litigation against third-party infringers, and such litigation can be costly to pursue. Even
if we succeed in having new patents issued or in defending any challenge to issued patents, there is no assurance that our patents will
be comprehensive enough to provide us with meaningful patent protection against our competitors. 

In
addition to relying on patents, we rely on trade secrets, know-how, and continuing technological advancement to maintain our competitive
position. We have entered into intellectual property, invention, and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, and it is our practice
to enter into confidentiality agreements with our consultants. There can be no assurance, however, that these measures will prevent the
unauthorized disclosure or use of our trade secrets and know-how, or that others may not independently develop similar trade secrets
and know-how or obtain access to our trade secrets, know-how, or proprietary technology. 

Our
Licensing Arrangements 

License
Agreement with Lineage: iTR TM , PureStem and Telomere Length 

Concurrently
with the contribution of assets to us by Lineage under an Asset Contribution and Separation Agreement, we entered into a License Agreement
with Lineage pursuant to which Lineage has licensed to us, with rights to sublicense, certain intellectual property, including patents
and patent applications and know-how for use in the development, manufacture and commercialization of products or services for the prevention,
treatment, amelioration, diagnosis or monitoring of all human and non-human animal diseases and conditions except for the field of medical
products, devices and services for the reserved Lineage Exclusive Field of orthopedic, ophthalmic, and medical aesthetic uses. In addition,
Lineage retains an option right, on terms to be negotiated, to license iTR patents in research, development, manufacturing and commercialization
of treatments based on iTR in the Lineage Exclusive Field. The licensed patents and know-how relate generally to (a) Lineage s
PureStem human embryonic progenitor cell lines, and (b) telomere length and DNA quality control analysis in pluripotent
stem cells. 

The
Lineage patent rights licensed to us are exclusive and worldwide except for existing third-party licenses, and for medical products,
devices, and services related to tendon. We additionally received an option to license certain Lineage retained rights outside of orthopedic
indications unless a license grant would compete with a Lineage program or products in the Lineage Exclusive Field. 

The
License Agreement contains customary provisions pertaining to patent maintenance, enforcement, and defense and related cost allocations,
insurance, indemnification, and termination of the license in the event of a breach or default by a party, or the bankruptcy or other
insolvency event with respect to a party. 

Additional
License and Sublicense Agreements 

Lineage
and certain Lineage subsidiaries also entered into agreements pursuant to which they have licensed or sublicense to us, on a non-exclusive,
world-wide, royalty bearing basis, certain additional patents and patent rights and know-how relating to Lineage HyStem hydrogel
technology, human embryonic progenitor cell technology, and human pluripotent stem cell lines and technology for use outside the Lineage
Exclusive Fields, or in the case of certain sublicense rights, fields previously licensed to third parties. 

Hydrogel
Patent License and Sublicense 

Lineage
has granted to us a sublicense of certain patents licensed to Lineage by the University of Utah Research Foundation (the Utah
Sublicense ), and has granted to us a direct license of certain patents held by Lineage (the HyStem License ), related
to HyStem hydrogel technology for use outside of the Lineage Exclusive Field for products that include cells and that
are covered by certain other patents contributed, licensed, or sublicensed to us by Lineage. We may only develop, sell, and otherwise
commercialize a product under the Utah Sublicense and HyStem License if we spend at least a low seven figure amount on research with
respect to the product. Lineage will agree to provide us with a reasonable amount of the hydrogel product for the purpose of our research
for we will pay Lineage s cost of manufacturing and supplying the hydrogel. 

The
Utah Sublicense and the HyStem License will not permit sublicensing and will be non-exclusive for medical products, devices, and services
related to human tendon, and will be exclusive for all other licensed fields. The Utah Sublicense and HyStem License will expire upon
the latest expiration date of a sublicensed or licensed patent, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the respective agreements. We will
pay Lineage a royalty, in an amount not exceeding 10 percent, on net sales as defined in the Utah Sublicense and HyStem
License. Commencing June 30, 2019, and for each 12-month period thereafter, we will pay Lineage a minimum royalty in the low five figures
regardless of the actual amount of net sales for the applicable period. 

23 

The
foregoing description of the HyStem License and the Utah Sublicense is qualified in its entirety by reference to the HyStem License Agreement
and the Utah Sublicense Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits to our Registration Statement on Form 10 and are incorporated
herein by reference. 

Sublicense
of Certain Progenitor Patents 

Lineage
has granted to us a sublicense of certain patents licensed to Lineage that pertain to the derivation of human embryonic progenitor cell
lines. The sublicense will permit us to use the sublicensed patents for the treatment, palliation, diagnosis, or prevention of any disease,
disorder or health condition outside of the Lineage Exclusive Field. The sublicense expires the later of July 10, 2028 or the latest
expiration date of a sublicensed patent, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the sublicense. 

We
will pay Lineage a royalty on net sales, as defined in the sublicense agreement, until the royalty payments to Lineage s
licensor by Lineage total 1.2 million and thereafter will pay to Lineage a low single digit royalty on its own net sales and a low double
digit royalty on sublicensing consideration. 

If
we grant a sublicense to use the patents, we will pay Lineage a portion of any consideration received for a sublicense, including but
not limited to, upfront payments and milestones, and non-cash exchanges or considerations, but not payments for developing a product,
service or process. If we become obligated to pay royalties to one or more affiliates of Lineage for the use of patent rights related
to this sublicense and as a result, the royalties payable to Lineage with respect to royalties under the sublicense plus the royalties
payable to the affiliates would exceed a designated amount of net sales, the royalties due to Lineage may be reduced but not less than
the designated amount. In addition, we will pay to Lineage a royalty on net sales, as defined in the sublicense agreement,
by the sublicensee. If we become obligated to pay royalties to one or more affiliates of Lineage for the use of patent rights related
to this sublicense and as a result, the royalties payable to Lineage with respect to sales by a sublicensee plus the royalties payable
to the affiliates would exceed a designated amount of net sales, the royalty due on net sales by the sublicensee may be reduced but not
less than the designated amount. 

The
sublicense agreement includes reciprocal cross-licenses between Lineage and us with respect to any new patents that may be issued based
on the use of the sublicensed patents. Any such license to Lineage will be exclusive in the Lineage Exclusive Field and nonexclusive
in all other licensed fields. Any such license from Lineage to us will be for use outside the Lineage Exclusive Field and for medical
products or services involving tendon. Each license will be for a term of 10 years. 

The
foregoing description of the sublicense agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the sublicense agreement, a copy of which
is filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ESI
License 

Lineage s
subsidiary ES Cell International Pte ESI has granted to us non-exclusive rights to certain ESI patents and human pluripotent
stem cell lines, or ESI Cell Lines, for use outside of the ESI Exclusive Field of orthopedic, ophthalmic, medical aesthetic, and spinal
cord injury uses, and outside certain other fields for which ESI has previously granted licenses. We will pay ESI a 2 royalty on net
sales, as defined in the license agreement. If we become obligated to pay royalties to one or more third party or to Lineage for
the use of patent rights related to this license and as a result the royalties payable to ESI with respect to this license agreement
plus the royalties payable to such third party or Lineage would exceed a designated amount of net sales, the royalty due on net sales
by the sublicensee may be reduced. The patent license expires upon the latest expiration date of a licensed patent, unless terminated
earlier pursuant to the terms of the license. All other rights under the license are terminable by either party under the conditions
specified in the license. 

If
we grant rights to any third party to use ESI Cell Lines derived under cGMP, we will pay ESI a share of all consideration that we receive
as consideration for the grant of those rights, including all cash and non-cash consideration but not royalties. We are not permitted
to grant sublicenses to the licensed ESI patents but may sublicense the use of ESI Cell Lines. 

AgeX
also will pay ESI 5 of any fees that AgeX may receive for providing third parties with a drug master file for submission
to the FDA or similar regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions that may be used to provide confidential detailed information about
facilities, processes or articles used in the manufacturing, processing, packaging and storing of one or more human drugs, including
but not limited to biologics, cell lines and cell products. 

The
foregoing description of the ESI License Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the ESI License Agreement, a copy of
which is filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

24 

Competition 

The
biotechnology industry is highly competitive and characterized by rapid change (even disruptive advances) that challenge the ability
of any one company to maintain leadership. Therefore, we face competition on multiple fronts, including from other biotechnology companies,
large pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions and government research entities. We believe the competitive advantages of our
technology platform and resulting product candidates arise from the large market opportunities addressed by our product candidates, their
anticipated safety profile, the expected cost of manufacture of off-the-shelf products, our intellectual property, as well the fundamental
and widespread role of cell aging and regeneration in human age-related degenerative disease. 

There
are numerous biotechnology companies developing therapeutics for human aging, with each company often focusing on a specific molecular
pathway within cells. For example, ResTORbio, Inc. is developing modulators of the mechanistic target of rapamycin mTOR pathway to treat immunological and cardiovascular disorders. Calico Life Sciences LLC is a Google-founded research and development company
aimed at identifying molecular pathways that control animal lifespan and translating these insights into novel therapeutics designed
to increase human healthspan. Calico has not disclosed its lead product development plans. Unity Biotechnology, Inc. focuses on cellular
senescence, in particular, the use of agents that can target senescent cells for selective ablation (senolysis). Unity s stated
targeted age-related diseases include osteoarthritis as well as other ophthalmological and pulmonary diseases. In addition, Altos Labs,
Inc. Altos has reportedly received funding commitments in excess of 3 billion for research and development of products
relating to age-reprogramming. The initial technology focus disclosed by Altos may compete with the iTR program within AgeX and its subsidiary
Reverse Bio. 

Our
therapeutic product candidates in development are likely to face competition from a large number of companies and technological strategies
including therapeutics intended to address our lead indications, including: 

Type
 II diabetes: current standard of care treatments (though not necessarily focused on the root
 cause of the disease) include dieting and exercise programs to reduce weight, or pharmacological
 interventions with a wide array of medications, including: Metformin (Glucophage, Glumetza,
 or others); (DiaBeta, Glynase), glipizide (Glucotrol) and glimepiride (Amaryl); Meglitinides
 (repaglinide (Prandin) and nateglinide (Starlix)); Thiazolidinediones (rosiglitazone (Avandia)
 and pioglitazone (Actos)); DPP-4 (sitagliptin (Januvia), saxagliptin (Onglyza) and linagliptin
 (Tradjenta)); GLP-1 receptor agonists (exenatide (Byetta) and liraglutide (Victoza)); SGLT2
 inhibitors (canagliflozin (Invokana) and dapagliflozin (Farxiga)); and insulin therapy (Insulin
 glulisine (Apidra), Insulin lispro (Humalog), Insulin asgpart (Novolog), Insulin glargine
 (Lantus), Insulin detemir (Levemir), Insulin isophane (Humulin N, Novolin N)). 

Vascular
 ischemia, including myocardial ischemia: current standard of care treatments including dieting,
 lowered intake of cholesterol, daily aspirin as a blood thinner; pharmacological agents including
 but not limited to nitrates as vasodilators (nitroglycerin sublingual tablet (Nitrostat),
 nitroglycerin transdermal ointment (Nitro-Bid), and isosorbide mononitrate and dinitrate
 (Isordil, Isordil Titradose, Dilatrate-SR)); beta blockers (atenolol (Tenormin), metoprolol
 (Lopressor, Toprol XL), and nadolol (Corgard)); calcium channel blockers (amlodipine (Norvasc),
 amlodipine and atorvastatin (Caduet), amlodipine and benazepril (Lotrel), diltiazem (Cardizem),
 felodipine (Cardene, Cardene SR), and verapamil (Calan); cholesterol-lowering medications
 such as statins atorvastatin (Lipitor), rosuvastatin (Crestor), and simvastatin (Zocor);
 Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (Ranolazine (Ranexa), benazepril (Lotensin),
 and lisinopril (Prinivil, Zestril, Qbrelis); and surgical procedures to increase circulation
 including but not limited to angioplasty and stenting, coronary artery bypass surgery, and
 enhanced external counterpulsation. 

Many
of our competitors have greater financial, collaborative, technical, regulatory, and human resources as well as products more advanced
in development than our product pipeline, including products already marketed for our target indications. As a result, these competitors
may have great success in obtaining regulatory approvals, reimbursement, or market acceptance. Our competitors, may have greater success
in attracting qualified personnel, recruiting clinical trial sites, or in establishing strategic partnerships with larger pharmaceutical
companies to fund large late-stage clinical trials or product marketing. In addition, our future business could be limited should our
competitors commercialize products demonstrated to be more effective, safer, or less expensive than our comparable products. 

Government
Regulation and Product Approval 

Government
authorities at the federal, state, and local level, and in other countries, extensively regulate among other things, the development,
testing, manufacture, quality, approval, safety, efficacy, distribution, labeling, packaging, storage, record keeping, marketing, import/export,
and promotion of drugs, biologics, and medical devices. Authorities also heavily regulate many of these activities for human cells, tissues,
and cellular and tissue-based products HCT/Ps ). 

25 

FDA
and Foreign Regulation of Therapeutic Products 

The
FDA and foreign regulatory authorities will regulate our proposed products as drugs, biologicals, or medical devices, depending upon
such factors as: the use to which the product will be put, the chemical composition of the product, and the interaction of the product
with the human body. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs and biologicals under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ),
the Public Health Service Act PHSA ), and implementing regulations. In addition, establishments that manufacture human
cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products are subject to additional registration and listing requirements, including current
good tissue practice regulations. To the extent AgeX develops cellular and tissue-based products or therapies, its products will be subject
to review by the FDA staff in its Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research CBER Office of Cellular, Tissue, and Gene
Therapies. In some instances, AgeX s clinical study protocol for a cell therapy product must be reviewed by the National Institute
of Health through its Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee. 

Any
human drug and biological products that we may develop for testing, marketing, or use in the United States will be subject to rigorous
FDA review and approval procedures. After testing in animals to evaluate the potential efficacy and safety of the product candidate,
an investigational new drug IND submission must be made to the FDA to obtain authorization for human testing. Extensive
clinical testing, which is generally done in three phases, must then be undertaken at a hospital or medical center to demonstrate optimal
use, safety, and efficacy of each product in humans. Each clinical study is conducted under the auspices of an independent Institutional
Review Board IRB ). The IRB will consider, among other things, ethical factors, the safety of human subjects, and the possible
liability of the institution. 

Clinical
trials are generally conducted in three phases. Phase I clinical trials are conducted in a small number of healthy volunteers
or volunteers with the target disease or condition to assess safety. Phase II clinical trials are conducted with groups of patients afflicted
with the target disease or condition in order to determine preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and expanded evidence of safety. In
some cases, an initial trial is conducted in diseased patients to assess both preliminary efficacy and preliminary safety, in which case
it is referred to as a Phase I/II trial. Phase III trials are large-scale, multi-center, comparative trials and are conducted with patients
afflicted with the target disease or condition in order to provide enough data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety required by the
FDA. The FDA closely monitors the progress of each of the three phases of clinical testing and may, at its discretion, re-evaluate, alter,
suspend, or terminate the clinical trial based upon the data which have been accumulated to that point and its assessment of the risk/benefit
ratio to the intended patient population. All adverse events must be reported to the FDA. Monitoring of all aspects of the study to minimize
risks is a continuing process. The time and expense required to perform this clinical testing can far exceed the time and expense of
the research and development initially required to create the product. 

No
action can be taken to market any therapeutic product in the U.S. until an appropriate New Drug Application NDA or Biologics
License Application BLA has been approved by the FDA. Submission of the application is no guarantee that the FDA will
find it complete and accept it for filing. If an application is accepted for filing, following the FDA s review, the FDA may grant
marketing approval, request additional information, or deny the application if it determines that the application does not provide an
adequate basis for approval. FDA regulations also restrict the export of therapeutic products for clinical use prior to FDA approval.
To date, the FDA has not granted marketing approval to any pluripotent stem-based therapeutic products and it is possible that the FDA
or foreign regulatory agencies may subject our product candidates to additional or more stringent review than drugs or biologicals derived
from other technologies. 

The
FDA offers several programs to expedite development of products that treat serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful
therapeutic benefits to patients over existing treatments. A product may be eligible for breakthrough therapy designation if it treats
a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates it may demonstrate substantial improvement
over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. In 2017, FDA established a new regenerative medicine advanced
therapy RMAT designation as part of its implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act. An RMAT is defined as a cell therapy,
therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with
limited exceptions that is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and preliminary
clinical evidence indicates that it has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. RMAT designation
provides potential benefits that include more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the development plan for the product candidate and
eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Products granted RMAT designation may also be eligible for accelerated approval on
the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained
from a meaningful number of sites, including through expansion to additional sites. Once approved, when appropriate, the FDA can permit
fulfillment of post-approval requirements under accelerated approval through the submission of clinical evidence, clinical studies, patient
registries, or other sources of real world evidence such as electronic health records; through the collection of larger confirmatory
datasets; or through post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with the therapy prior to approval. 

Some
of our future products may be eligible for RMAT designation. There is no assurance that the FDA will grant breakthrough therapy, accelerated
approval or RMAT status to any of our product candidates. 

26 

In
addition to regulations in the United States, we are subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial
sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a drug candidate, we must obtain approval by the comparable
regulatory authorities of foreign countries or economic areas, such as the European Union, before we can commence clinical trials or
market products in those countries or areas. The approval process and requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product
licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from place to place, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA
approval. 

Combination
Products 

If
we develop any products that are used with medical devices, they may be considered combination products, which are defined by the FDA
to include products comprised of two or more regulated components or parts such as a biologic and a device. For example, we may use HyStem 
 hydrogels to administer one or more pluripotent stem cell-based therapy products. When regulated independently, biologics and devices
each have their own regulatory requirements. However, regulatory requirements for a combination product comprised of a biologic administered
with a delivery device can be more complex, because in addition to the individual regulatory requirements for each component, additional
combination product regulatory requirements may apply. 

510(k)
Medical Devices Notification 

Product
marketing in the U.S. for most Class II and limited Class I devices typically follows a 510(k) pathway. To obtain 510(k) clearance, a
manufacturer must submit a premarket notification demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed
device, referred to as the predicate device. A predicate device may be a previously 510(k) cleared device or a device that was in commercial
distribution before May 28, 1976 for which the FDA has not yet called for submission of PMA applications, or a product classification
created by FDA when it granted de novo authorization. The manufacturer must show that the proposed device has the same intended use as
the predicate device, and it either has the same technological characteristics, or it is shown to be equally safe and effective and does
not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. 

There
are three types of 510(k)s: traditional; special, for devices that are modified and the modification needs a new 510(k) but the modification
does not affect the intended use or alter the fundamental scientific technology of the device; and abbreviated, for devices that conform
to a recognized standard. The special and abbreviated 510(k)s are intended to streamline review. The FDA intends to process special 510(k)s
within 30 days of receipt and abbreviated 510(k)s within 90 days of receipt. Though statutorily required to clear a traditional 510(k)
within 90 days of receipt, the clearance pathway for traditional 510(k)s can take substantially longer. 

After
a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute
a major change in its intended use, requires a new 510(k) clearance or could require a PMA approval. The FDA requires each manufacturer
to make this determination in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s
decision not to seek a new 510(k) clearance, the agency may retroactively require the manufacturer to seek 510(k) clearance or PMA approval.
The FDA also can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or PMA approval
is obtained. 

Post-Approval
Matters 

Even
after initial FDA approval has been obtained, further studies may be required to provide additional data on safety or to gain approval
for the use of a product as a treatment for clinical indications other than those initially targeted. Data resulting from these clinical
trials may result in expansions or restrictions to the labeled indications for which a product has already been approved. 

FDA
Regulation of Manufacturing 

The
FDA regulates the manufacturing process of pharmaceutical products, human tissue and cell products, and medical devices, requiring that
they be produced in compliance with cGMP. The FDA regulates and inspects equipment, facilities, laboratories, and processes used in the
manufacturing and testing of products prior to providing approval to market products. If after receiving approval from the FDA, a material
change is made to manufacturing equipment or to the location or manufacturing process, additional regulatory review may be required.
The FDA also conducts regular, periodic visits to re-inspect the equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes of manufacturers following
an initial approval. If, as a result of those inspections, the FDA determines that that equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes
do not comply with applicable FDA regulations and conditions of product approval, the FDA may seek civil, criminal or administrative
sanctions and/or remedies against the manufacturer, including suspension of manufacturing operations. Issues pertaining to manufacturing
equipment, facilities or processes may also delay the approval of new products undergoing FDA review. 

Federal
Funding of Research 

The
National Institutes of Health NIH has adopted guidelines on the use of hES cells in federally funded research, consistent
with President Obama s Executive Order which rescinded President Bush s Executive Orders that permitted federal funding of
research on hES cells using only the limited number of hES cell lines. The central focus of the guidelines is to assure that hES cells
used in federally funded research are derived from human embryos that were created for reproductive purposes, are no longer needed for
this purpose, and are voluntarily donated for research purposes with the informed written consent of the donors. Those hES cells that
were derived from embryos created for research purposes rather than reproductive purposes, and other hES cells that were not derived
in compliance with the guidelines, are not eligible for use in federally funded research. 

27 

California
State Regulations 

The
state of California has adopted legislation and regulations that require institutions that conduct stem cell research to notify, and
in certain cases obtain approval from, a Stem Cell Research Oversight Committee SCRO Committee before conducting the
research. Under certain California regulations, all hES cell lines that will be used in our research must be acceptably derived. California
regulations further require certain records to be maintained with respect to stem cell research and the materials used. AgeX programs
that involve the use of stem cells will be reviewed by a SCRO Committee to confirm compliance with federal and state guidelines. The
hES cell lines that we use are all on the NIH registry of lines that have been reviewed and meet standards for federal funding grants. 

Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act 

Under
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), the Department of Health and Human Services HHS has issued regulations to protect the privacy and security of protected health information used or disclosed by health care providers.
HIPAA also regulates standardization of data content, codes, and formats used in health care transactions and standardization of identifiers
for health plans and providers. Penalties for violations of HIPAA regulations include civil and criminal penalties. 

The
requirements under these regulations may periodically change and could have an effect on our business operations if compliance becomes
substantially more costly than under current requirements. New laws governing privacy may also be adopted in the future. We can provide
no assurance that we will remain in compliance with diverse privacy requirements in all of the jurisdictions in which we do business.
Failure to comply with privacy requirements could result in civil or criminal penalties, which could have a materially adverse effect
on our business. 

Federal
and State Fraud and Abuse Laws 

We
are also subject to various laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws and false claims
laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal to solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration in exchange for or to induce the referral
of business, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug that is reimbursed by a state or federal program. The term remuneration 
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to
mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business,
the Anti-Kickback Statute has been violated. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act, collectively the Affordable Care Act ACA ), among other things, amended the intent requirement
of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific
intent to violate, in order to commit a violation. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions,
including fines and civil monetary penalties, as well as by the possibility of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including
Medicare and Medicaid). Liability under the false claims laws may also arise when a violation of certain laws or regulations related
to the underlying products (e.g., violations regarding improper promotional activity or unlawful payments) contributes to the submission
of a false claim. 

Additionally,
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising,
authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in
an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in
many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws and/or regulations. 

Healthcare
Reform 

In
the United States and foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system
that could affect our future results of operations. There have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the United States federal
and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. 

In
particular, the ACA has had, and is expected to continue to have, a significant impact on the healthcare industry. The ACA was designed
to expand coverage for the uninsured while at the same time containing overall healthcare costs. Substantial new provisions affecting
compliance have also been enacted, which may require us to modify our business practices with healthcare providers and entities, and
a significant number of provisions are not yet, or have only recently become, effective. 

Since
its enactment, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and there may be additional challenges
and amendments to the ACA in the future, including efforts to implement changes to the law that may impact reimbursement for drugs and
biologics. 

28 

Further,
there has been heightened government scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed pharmaceutical products.
Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed
to, among other things, bring more transparency to pharmaceutical product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer
patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. Such proposals have included, for example,
measures to permit Medicare Part D plans to negotiate the price of certain drugs under Medicare Part B and to allow some states to negotiate
drug prices under Medicaid. The Department of Health and Human Services has already started the process of soliciting feedback on some
of these measures and, at the same, is immediately implementing others under its existing authority. Although some of these and other
proposals will require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, Congress and the President are likely to continue
to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. At the state level, legislatures have become increasingly
aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including
price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency
measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

It
is uncertain whether and how future legislation, whether domestic or foreign, could affect prospects for our product candidates or what
actions foreign, federal, state, or private payors for health care treatment and services may take in response to any such health care
reform proposals or legislation. Adoption of price controls and other cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies
in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures reforms may prevent or limit our ability to generate revenue, attain profitability
or commercialize our product candidates. 

Moreover,
the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (the DSCSA imposes obligations on manufacturers of pharmaceutical products, among others,
related to product tracking and tracing. While some requirements of the DSCSA began in November 2014, many key requirements, development
of standards, and the system for product tracing will continue to be phased in until 2023. Among the requirements of the DSCSA, manufacturers
will be required to provide certain information regarding the drug product to individuals and entities to which product ownership is
transferred, label drug product with a product identifier, and keep certain records regarding the drug product. The transfer of information
to subsequent product owners by manufacturers will eventually be required to be done electronically. Manufacturers will also be required
to verify that purchasers of the manufacturers products are appropriately licensed. Further, under this new legislation, manufacturers
will have drug product investigation, quarantine, disposition, and notification responsibilities related to counterfeit, diverted, stolen,
and intentionally adulterated products, as well as products that are the subject of fraudulent transactions or that are otherwise unfit
for distribution such that they would be reasonably likely to result in serious health consequences or death. 

Reimbursement 

Medicare,
Medicaid, and Third-Party Reimbursement Programs 

Sales
of the therapeutic products and medical devices that we and our subsidiaries may develop will depend, in part, on the extent to which
the costs of those products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance, and managed
healthcare organizations. 

The
containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal and state governments and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this
effort. In the United States, the federal and many state governments have adopted or proposed initiatives relating to Medicaid and other
health programs that may limit reimbursement or increase rebates that providers are required to pay to the state. In addition to government
regulation, managed care organizations in the United States, which include medical insurance companies, medical plan administrators,
health-maintenance organizations, hospital and physician alliances and pharmacy benefit managers, continue to put pressure on the price
and usage of healthcare products. Managed care organizations and third-party payers seek to contain healthcare expenditures, and their
purchasing strength has been increasing due to their consolidation into fewer, larger organizations and a growing number of enrolled
patients. Adoption of price controls, cost-containment measures, and more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls
and measures, could further limit our net revenue and results. If third-party payors do not consider the products we develop to be cost-effective
compared to other therapies, they may not cover our products as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may
not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a profitable basis. 

Efforts
by government agencies and state legislatures in the United States could affect us and our industry. The ACA increased many of the mandatory
discounts and rebates and imposed a new Branded Prescription Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Importers fee payable by manufacturers.
The new U.S. presidential administration has identified repealing and replacing the ACA as a priority. The timing and method of the full
or partial repeal or amendment of the ACA or the adoption of new healthcare legislation remains uncertain, but impending changes will
likely impact the number of patient lives covered, the quality of the insurance, Medicaid eligibility and the level of patient protections
provided. 

29 

Other
legislative and regulatory actions that would have a significant impact include: changes to how the Medicare program covers and reimburses
current and future drugs, changes in the Federal payment rate or new rebate requirements for covered drugs and policies for payment in
Medicare or Medicaid; and changes to coverage and payment for biosimilars, including the current Medicare biosimilar coverage and payment
policies intended to encourage biosimilar adoption, or other policies that provide easier substitution or reimbursement advantages. 

We
face similar issues outside of the United States. In some non-U.S. jurisdictions, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before
it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides
options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement
and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for aa medicinal product,
or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of placing a medicinal product on the market. There
can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable
reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures
of the United States and generally tend to be significantly lower. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we employed 5 persons on a full-time basis and 4 persons on a part-time basis. Two full-time and one part-time
employees hold Ph.D. s in one or more fields of science. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to various risks, including those described below. You should consider the following risk factors, together with
all of the other information included in this Report, which could materially adversely affect our proposed operations, our business prospects,
and financial condition, and the value of an investment in our business. There may be other factors that are not mentioned here or of
which we are not presently aware that could also affect our business operations and prospects. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Resources 

We
are a discovery-stage development company with limited capital resources and have incurred operating losses since our inception. We anticipate
that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future and will need to continue to raise capital to finance our operations,
and we do not know if we will ever attain profitability. 

We
are a discovery-stage therapeutics company with a limited operating history and limited capital resources. Since our inception in August
2017, we have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows and we expect to continue to incur losses and negative cash flow in the
future. Our net operating losses from continuing operations were 10.5 million and 8.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 116.2 million as of December 31, 2022. See Note 3, Disposition and Deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of discontinued operations. 

These
net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working
capital. We expect to continue to incur significant additional operating losses for the foreseeable future and will need to continuously
raise additional capital to fund our operations. The amount of our expenses and anticipated losses will depend on our capital resources
and whether we license out product development to third parties or participate ourselves directly or financially with collaborators in
research, development and commercialization efforts. Our capital needs will increase greatly if we advance our product candidates through
clinical trials and seek regulatory approval and, if we receive FDA approval, commercialize our product candidates ourselves. 

The
amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses, our ability to raise the capital
needed to continue our operations, and our ability to generate revenues. If we or any licensees or collaborators are unable to develop
and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, or if revenues from any product candidates that receive marketing approval are
insufficient, we will not achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability.
If we are unable to achieve and then maintain profitability, the value of our equity securities will be materially and adversely affected. 

30 

We
need additional financing to execute our operating plan and continue to operate as a going concern. 

As
required under Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (ASC 205-40), we have the responsibility
to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about our ability to meet our future financial obligations as they
become due within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. Based on our most recent projected cash flows, we believe
that our cash and cash equivalents, even with the amount of credit remaining available under our loan agreements with Juvenescence, and
the proceeds we may receive from the sale of additional shares of our common stock in at-the-market transactions through
a Sales Agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan as a sales agent, would not be sufficient to satisfy our
anticipated operating and other funding requirements for the next twelve months from the date of filing of this Report. These factors
raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern and the report of our independent registered public accountants
accompanying our audited consolidated financial statements in this Report contains a qualification to such effect. 

We
have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows since inception and had an accumulated deficit of 116.2 million as of December
31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows. Because we will continue to experience net operating
losses, our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to our ability to obtain necessary capital from outside sources, including
obtaining additional capital from the sale of our common stock or other equity securities or assets, obtaining additional loans from
financial institutions or investors, and entering into collaborative research and development arrangements or licensing some or all of
our patents and know-how to third parties while retaining a royalty and other contingent payment rights related to the development and
commercialization of products covered by the licenses. Our continued net operating losses, the amount of our debt obligations to Juvenescence
and the provisions of our indebtedness agreements with them, including restrictions on the use of loan funds and the security interest
they hold in our assets, the risks associated with the development of our product candidates and technologies, and our deferral of in-house
development of our product candidates and technologies in connection with our reductions in staffing and the closing of our research
laboratory facilities, will increase the difficulty in obtaining such capital, and there can be no assurances that we will be able to
obtain such capital on favorable terms or at all. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we may be forced to delay, reduce or
eliminate our research and development activities, or ultimately not be able to continue as a going concern. 

We
are highly leveraged, carrying a significant amount of indebtedness, including indebtedness secured by our assets, that will become due
and payable over the next three years and there is no assurance that we will be able to refinance those obligations as they become due. 

As
of March 20, 2023, our borrowings from Juvenescence under various loans totaled 32,160,000. The outstanding principal balances of those
loans will become due and payable as follows: 14,160,000 plus any additional borrowings and certain loan origination fees on February
14, 2024 under an Amended and Restated Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the Secured Note 8,000,000 on March 30,
2024 under a Secured Convertible Facility Agreement (the 2020 Loan Agreement and 10,000,000 plus loan origination fees
on March 13, 2026 under the 10 Million Secured Note. Our obligations under the Secured Note and 10 Million Secured Note are
collateralized by all of our assets, including the shares of common stock we hold in subsidiaries ReCyte Therapeutics and Reverse Bio,
under the terms of an Amended and Restated Security Agreement (the Security Agreement ). If an Event of Default, as defined
in the Secured Note or the 10 Million Secured Note were to occur Juvenescence could foreclose on its security interest and sell our
assets to satisfy the unpaid principal balance of those loans plus certain loan origination fees and costs incurred in connection with
the Event of Default and the foreclosure and sale of the assets. As a result, we could lose some or all of our assets, leaving few if
any assets available for the operation of our business, or for sale for the benefit of our stockholders through a winding up of our affairs
and liquidation of our assets. 

Only
an additional 1,000,000 is available to us from the line of credit under our 2022 Secured Convertible Promissory Note with Juvenescence,
and there is no assurance that we will be able to borrow additional funds to finance our operations. 

We
have obtained a 15,160,000 line of credit from Juvenescence under the terms of the Secured Note. As of February 28, 2023 we had drawn
down 14,160,000 of the line of credit under the Secured Note. The remaining 1,000,000 of the line of credit will be available until
May 9, 2023 subject to Juvenescence s discretion to approve our borrowings. We will need additional funds to finance our operations
but there is no assurance that Juvenescence will provide additional loans to us as our need for funds arises. 

The
terms of our loans from Juvenescence and the Security Agreement could make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital from
other sources. 

The
terms of our loans from Juvenescence include certain covenants that among other matters such as financial reporting: (i) impose
financial restrictions on AgeX while the loans remain unpaid, including restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness by
AgeX and its subsidiaries, except that Reverse Bio will be permitted to incur debt convertible into equity not guaranteed or secured
by the assets of AgeX or any other AgeX subsidiary, and the restrictions on the incurrence of indebtedness applicable to Reverse Bio
will end if it raises more than 15 million in debt or equity financing by May 15, 2023; (ii) require that AgeX use loan proceeds
and funds that may be raised through certain equity offerings only for research and development work, professional and
administrative expenses, for general working capital, and for repayment of all or a portion of AgeX s indebtedness to
Juvenescence; and (iii) prohibit AgeX from making additional investments in subsidiaries, unless AgeX obtains the written consent of
Juvenescence to a transaction that otherwise would be prohibited or restricted. Further, our obligations under the Secured Note and
 10 Million Secured Note are collateralized by all of our assets under the terms of the Security Agreement. Accordingly, the terms
of our loans from Juvenescence, and the grant of a security interest in our assets pursuant to the Security Agreement to secure our
obligations for the repayment of the Secured Note and 10 Million Secured Note with applicable loan fees that become due, could make
AgeX less attractive to new equity investors and could impair our ability to finance our operations or the operations of our
subsidiaries from sources other than Juvenescence. 

31 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies
or product candidates. 

Until
such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial revenue, we may finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings,
debt financings, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not currently have any committed external source of funds other
than a Sales Agreement with Chardan pursuant to which we may sell up to 12.1 million of our common stock in at-the-market 
sales, and the right to borrow up to an additional 1.0 million in total until May 9, 2023, subject to Juvenescence s discretion,
under the Secured Note. The actual market value of common shares that we may sell through our Sales Agreement with Chardan during any
12 month period will be limited to one-third of aggregate market value of our common stock held by stockholders that would not be considered
 affiliates of AgeX, determined in accordance with applicable SEC rules. We will need to seek additional capital regardless
of market conditions and the terms of any financings that may be available to us. 

To
the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of shares of our common stock or other equity securities, your ownership
interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights
as a common stockholder. Similarly, if Reverse Bio or NeuroAirmid raise capital through the sale of equity securities or convertible
debt securities AgeX s interest in those subsidiaries will be diluted and the terms of equity securities issued by those subsidiaries
may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our rights as a common stockholder of the subsidiary. 

We
will need to issue additional common stock purchase warrants to Juvenescence in connection with any additional borrowings under the Secured
Note, which to the extent issued will dilute the interests of our other stockholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing,
if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring
additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we or any of our subsidiaries raise additional funds through
collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we or our subsidiaries may
be required to relinquish valuable rights to key technologies, future revenue streams, or product candidates, and any such licenses may
be granted on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we or our subsidiaries are unable to raise additional funds through equity or
debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization
efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Risks
Related to Our Relationship with Juvenescence 

Conflicts
of interest may arise from our relationship with Juvenescence, which owns a significant percentage of our common stock and is a significant
creditor and will be able to substantially influence us and exert control over matters subject to stockholder approval and the election
of directors. 

As
of March 20, 2023, Juvenescence beneficially owned approximately 78.7 of our common stock, as reported in the most recent amendment
of their Schedule 13D, which will enable them to substantially influence us and exert control through this ownership position. A member
of our Board of Directors is the Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of Juvenescence. Juvenescence will be able to exert control over or
substantially influence elections of directors, approval of our equity incentive plans, amendments to our organizational documents, or
approval of any merger, amalgamation, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. Juvenescence has controlling stakes and minority
investments in several other companies engaged in various aspects of the aging industry, which companies may propose collaborations with
AgeX. As of March 20, 2023, Juvenescence has also loaned AgeX 32,160,000 and may provide additional loans subject to certain conditions
under our amended Secured Note line of credit with them as described in Notes 5, Related Party Transactions and 11, Subsequent
Events to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. Juvenescence s interests may not always
coincide with our corporate interests or the interests of other stockholders, and it may exercise its voting and other rights, including
rights as a creditor, in a manner with which other stockholders may not agree or that may not be in the best interests of AgeX or stockholders
other than Juvenescence. So long as Juvenescence continues to own a significant amount of our equity and remains a significant creditor,
it will continue to be able to strongly influence and effectively control our decisions. While the directors elected by Juvenescence
will be obligated to act in accordance with their fiduciary duty, they may have equity or other interests in Juvenescence and, accordingly,
their interests may be aligned with Juvenescence s interests, which may not always coincide with our corporate interests or the
interests of our other stockholders. 

32 

Juvenescence
could own a majority of the outstanding shares of AgeX common stock through the conversion of loans made to us or the exercise of
warrants. 

The
Secured Note, the 10 Million Secured Note, and the 2020 Loan Agreement provide that the aggregate principal amount outstanding loans
under those loan agreements may be converted, in whole or in part, into shares of AgeX common stock at any time at Juvenescence s
election. By converting all or a portion of those loans into AgeX common stock, or by exercising stock purchase warrants that we issued
to Juvenescence in connection with certain of those loans, Juvenescence could acquire ownership of a majority of the outstanding shares
of AgeX common stock. As a controlling stockholder, Juvenescence would have the power to elect all directors of AgeX and to approve or
reject all matters submitted for stockholder approval by the AgeX Board of Directors, by Juvenescence as a stockholder, or by other stockholders,
including but not limited to: equity compensation plans for employees, officers, and directors; mergers, acquisitions, and consolidations;
sales of AgeX assets; and amendments of AgeX s certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Furthermore, upon Juvenescence holding
more than 50 the outstanding AgeX common stock, AgeX would qualify as a controlled company as defined by the NYSE American
Company Guide. Being a controlled company would entitle AgeX to exempt itself from the requirement that a majority of its
directors be independent directors as defined in the NYSE American Company Guide, and that the Compensation Committee and
the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee be comprised entirely of independent directors. 

Our
Chief Operating Officer is not a fulltime AgeX employee. 

Our
Chief Operating Officer is an employee of Juvenescence and is expected to devote 85 of his time to our affairs and the balance of his
time to the affairs of Juvenescence and accordingly we may compete with Juvenescence for his time and attention. 

Risks
Related to Our Planned Restructuring 

We
are formulating corporate restructuring plans that include a potential merger between AgeX and Serina through which AgeX would be able
to enter the field of drug delivery polymer technology, but there is no assurance that the merger will be consummated. 

No
definitive agreement regarding a merger between AgeX and Serina has been negotiated or executed nor has the merger been approved by the
respective boards of directors of AgeX and Serina. Further, a merger cannot be consummated unless approved by the stockholders of AgeX
and Serina. Accordingly, there is no assurance that AgeX and Serina will reach agreement on the terms of a merger or that, if such an
agreement is reached, the stockholders of AgeX and Serina will approve the merger. If a merger agreement is executed by AgeX and Serina
and is approved by the AgeX and Serina stockholders, there will still be a risk that a condition to consummating the merger may not be
satisfied or that one or more material agreements that may be entered into in connection with the merger may be terminated by a party
to the agreement. 

Potential
adverse changes to our or Serina s employee relationships and relationships with suppliers and service providers could arise from
the announcement or completion of the merger. The time and attention devoted by our management to the merger could distract AgeX management
from our ongoing business operations. 

A
merger with Serina could be dilutive to our stockholders and could have an impact on the market value of AgeX common stock that
we cannot presently determine. 

We
expect that a merger between AgeX and Serina would entail AgeX issuing shares of AgeX common stock to Serina stockholders in consideration
of AgeX acquiring Serina. Such an issuance of AgeX common stock would reduce the current percentage ownership interests of AgeX
stockholders in AgeX as represented by their shares of our common stock. The extent of that dilution of ownership will depend on the
number of shares of AgeX common stock that we issue to Serina stockholders if the merger is consummated, but that number has not yet
been definitively determined. Further, although our common stock is presently listed on the NYSE American, we may be unable to obtain
approval to list on the NYSE American the shares of AgeX common stock expected to be issued pursuant to the AgeX-Serina merger. Even
if our common stock continues to be listed on the NYSE American after a merger, we cannot predict the prices at which shares of AgeX
common stock will trade either in contemplation of the merger or after consummation of the merger. 

A
merger with Serina is likely to result in management changes at AgeX, including changes in the membership of our Board of Directors and
changes in our executive management team. 

If
we complete a merger with Serina, it is likely that there will be changes in the membership of our Board of Directors, as well the departure
of one or more of our current executive officers and the engagement of new executive officers. The post-merger membership of our Board
of Directors and executive management team has not yet been determined. 

We
would face the risks associated with Serina s business if the merger is consummated. 

Completing
a merger with Serina would cause AgeX to face risks associated with conducting and financing Serina s research and product development
programs, including but not limited to risks associated with conducting clinical trials of Serina product candidates and obtaining Food
and Drug Administration or other regulatory approvals to market product candidates, as well as product liability risks. The other risk
factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section will continue to apply to AgeX s business and operations if the merger
with Serina is completed. 

33 

We
have incurred 10 million of additional indebtedness to Juvenescence to finance a loan to Serina in contemplation of a future merger
and that 10 million obligation will remain an AgeX obligation if a merger is completed. 

We
borrowed 10,000,000 from Juvenescence and loaned the loan proceeds to Serina to help finance Serina s business in contemplation
of the merger. Our loan to Serina is evidenced by the Convertible Promissory Note (the Serina Note and although
we have a right to tender the Serina Note to Juvenescence to pay off our obligations under the 10 Million Secured Note if a merger agreement
is not signed or is terminated or the merger is not completed by certain dates, thereby eliminating our financial risk for the 10,000,000
we borrowed, we will remain obligated to Juvenescence for the 10,000,000 we borrowed if the merger is completed. That 10,000,000 would
be in addition to the amounts of our indebtedness for other loans that we have obtained from Juvenescence. 

Our
goal of spinning off Reverse Bio to our stockholders is subject to uncertainties and risks, including risks that could result in the spinoff
not being consummated, income tax risks, liquidity and valuation risks pertaining to Reverse Bio stock, and Reverse Bio business risks. 

The
definitive terms of a spinoff of Reverse Bio have not been determined and there is a possibility that AgeX and Reverse Bio will not reach
agreement as to the terms of the spinoff. Before a spinoff can be completed, Reverse Bio will need to raise equity capital through a
financing from private investors, and there is no certainty that it will be able to raise sufficient capital to initiate operations as
a separate company, independent of AgeX. The contemplated spinoff could be abandoned or a condition to consummating the Reverse Bio spinoff
may not be satisfied, or one or more material agreements that may be entered into connection with the Reverse Bio spinoff could be terminated
by a party to the agreement. Reverse Bio might not be able to satisfy the listing qualifications to list its shares of common stock on
the NYSE American or any other national stock exchange and if Reverse Bio shares are no listed on a national securities exchange the
liquidity and market value of Reveres Bio common stock could be adversely affected. The Reverse Bio spinoff might not achieve the desired
tax treatment, resulting in unanticipated taxes to AgeX and AgeX stockholders. The number of shares of Reverse Bio common stock that
AgeX may distribute to its stockholders may be limited, or a distribution of such shares may be prohibited, by provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law that generally limit Delaware corporations, including AgeX, from distributing assets to their stockholders in
an amount that exceeds the excess of their assets over liabilities. The other risks pertaining to AgeX s business, operations,
and future capital needs, other than financial obligations to Juvenescence, discussed in this Risk Factors section will also be applicable
to the business, operations, and future capital needs of Reverse Bio. 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations 

Due
to our limited financial resources, we have reduced our staffing, eliminated our of our research laboratory facilities, and eliminated
in-house research and product development work. We will seek opportunities to outsource or license product development and commercialization
but there is no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully. 

During
April 2020, we implemented a plan to reduce spending on employee salaries and consulting fees that resulted in large staff reductions,
including the elimination of most of our research personnel and certain management and administrative personnel. We then subleased most
of our former laboratory facility space and we did not renew the laboratory facility lease, or lease other laboratory facility space,
after our lease expired at the end of 2020. As a result, we do not have a research laboratory facility or a research staff, and we have
curtailed development of our product candidates and technologies except for certain research and development work that is being conducted
under sponsored research agreements with certain universities and a limited amount of work contracted out to third party service providers.
We also may license technologies or product development to, or enter into collaborative arrangements with, other companies in the cell
therapy or biopharma industry to conduct research and development, manufacturing, and marketing for AgeX for particular product candidates,
but there is no assurance that we will be able to enter into any such agreements on terms acceptable to us. 

We
may expend our limited resources to pursue one or more particular product candidates or indications and fail to pursue product candidates
or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because
we have limited financial and managerial resources, we may focus on research programs and product candidates that we identify for specific
indications and we may seek to develop those product candidates through out-sourcing or out-licensing to third parties if we are able
to make such arrangements. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications
that may later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to timely capitalize
on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs
and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the
commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate
through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain
sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 

34 

We
have not tested any of our product candidates in clinical trials. Success in early development and preclinical studies or clinical trials
may not be indicative of results obtained in later preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

Our
product candidates have never been evaluated in human clinical trials, and we may experience unexpected or adverse results in the future
if any human clinical trials of any of our product candidates are conducted. Typically, it takes about six to ten years to develop a
new drug from the time it enters Phase 1 clinical trials to when it is approved for treating patients, but in many cases it may take
longer, and the costs of advancing product candidates through clinical trials will be substantial and will tend to increase significantly
with each successive clinical trial phase. 

Adequate
and well-controlled clinical trials will need to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective, with a favorable benefit-risk
profile, for use in their target indications before regulatory approvals can be sought for their commercial sale. Any positive results
that may be observed for product candidates in preclinical animal models may not be predictive of future clinical trials in humans. Our
product candidates may also fail to show the desired safety and efficacy in later stages of clinical development even if they successfully
advance through initial clinical trials. Further, some or all of our cell-based therapies under development may require the genetic modification
of the pluripotent master cell banks such that the resulting cells can escape immune rejection by the intended patient. There is no certainty
that a genetic modification will provide a long-term solution to transplant rejection, or that the modified cells will not cause unanticipated
health risks to the patient that could delay or even halt the development of the products. 

Many
companies in the biotechnology industry have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results
in early-stage development and there is a high failure rate for product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. Data obtained
from preclinical and clinical activities are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval.
Even if a clinical trial demonstrates statistical significance, regulatory agencies may not accept the use of the historical control.
Regulatory delays or rejections may be encountered as a result of many factors, including changes in regulatory policy during the period
of product development. We cannot be certain that any clinical trials and applications for marketing approval will not face similar setbacks. 

Our
choice of product candidates and our development plans for our product candidates are subject to change based on a variety of factors,
and if we abandon development of a product candidate we may not be able to develop or acquire a replacement product candidate. 

We
may determine to abandon the development of one or more of our product candidates, or we may change the prioritization of the development
of certain product candidates, or we may select or acquire and prioritize the development of new product candidates. Our choice and prioritization
of product candidates for development will be influenced by a variety of factors, including but not limited to: 

the
 amount of capital that we will have for our development programs and our projected costs for those programs; 

our
 ability to enter into licensing or collaborative arrangements with other biotechnology or biopharma companies or universities with
 their own laboratory facilities and research staffs to conduct research and development of one or more product candidates; 

competitors
 may develop alternatives that render our potential product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 

potential
 product candidates we develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; 

potential
 product candidates may not be effective in treating their targeted diseases; 

potential
 product candidates may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that indicate
 that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval and achieve market acceptance; 

our
 analysis of market demand and market prices for the products we plan to develop could lead us to conclude that market conditions
 are not favorable for receiving an adequate return on our investment in product development and commercialization; 

a
 potential product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; or 

the
 regulatory pathway for a potential product candidate is too complex and difficult to navigate successfully or economically. 

We
may determine to expand our organization and obtain laboratory facilities if we are able to raise sufficient capital to do so, and we
may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 9 employees. If we are able to obtain sufficient capital and determine to reinstitute our internal research
and development efforts, we may have difficulty locating, leasing, and equipping a new laboratory facility and identifying, hiring and
integrating new scientific and laboratory personnel. Many of the biotechnology companies that we compete against for qualified personnel
and consultants have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do and
are better positioned to attract and retain personnel and consultants. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality
personnel and consultants, the rate and success at which we can discover and develop product candidates and operate our business will
be limited. 

35 

Future
growth would impose significant additional responsibilities on our management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain, motivate
and integrate additional employees, consultants and contractors. Also, our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of
its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may
not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, give rise to
operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Any growth
of administrative resources could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such
as the development of product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more
than expected, our ability to generate and/or grow revenues could be reduced, and we may not be able to implement our business strategy.
Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part,
on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 

The
commercial success of any of our current or future product candidates will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians,
patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community. 

Even
with approvals from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the commercial success of our products will depend in part
on the health care providers, patients, and third-party payors accepting our product candidates as medically useful, cost-effective,
and safe. Any product that we bring to the market may not gain market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and other
health care providers. The clinical development, commercialization, and marketing of cell therapies are at an early-stage, substantially
research-oriented, and financially speculative. To date, very few companies have been successful in their efforts to develop and commercialize
cell therapies. In general, cell therapies may be susceptible to various risks, including undesirable and unintended side effects, unintended
immune system responses, inadequate therapeutic efficacy, potentially prohibitive costs or other characteristics that may prevent or
limit their approval or commercial use. Furthermore, the number of people who may use cell- or tissue-based therapies is difficult to
forecast with accuracy. Our future success is dependent on the establishment of a large global market for cell therapies and our ability
to capture a share of this market with our product candidates. 

Even
if we, a collaborator, or a licensee of our technology successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates,
the market may not understand or accept them. Our product candidates represent novel treatments and are expected to compete with a number
of more conventional products and therapies manufactured and marketed by others, including major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.
The degree of market acceptance of any of our products will depend on a number of factors, including without limitation: 

the
 efficacy of the product as demonstrated in clinical studies and potential advantages over competing treatments; 

the
 prevalence and severity of the disease and any side effects; 

the
 clinical indications for which approval is granted, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product s approved
 labeling; 

the
 convenience and ease of administration; 

the
 cost of treatment, particular as additive to existing treatments; 

the
 willingness of the patients and physicians to accept and use these therapies and the perception of efficacy and safety of our approved
 products by such parties; 

the
 marketing, sales and distribution support for the products; 

the
 publicity and ethical, social and legal concerns regarding the use of embryonic stem cells for our products or competing products
 and treatments; 

government
 regulations restricting or prohibiting our research or manufacturing processes for stem cells due to ethical, social and legal concerns
 regarding their use in medical research and treatment; and 

the
 pricing and availability of third-party insurance coverage and reimbursement. 

36 

Even
if a product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile upon approval, market acceptance of the product will initially remain uncertain.
Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of the products may require significant investment and
resources and may never be successful. If our products fail to achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party
payors, and other health care providers, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become or remain profitable. 

If
the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, we may not meet our revenue expectations and,
even assuming approval of a product candidate, our business may suffer. 

Our
projections of the number of potential users of our product candidates in the markets we are attempting to address are based on our beliefs
and estimates and include several key assumptions based on our industry knowledge, industry publications, third-party research reports
and other surveys. You should bear in mind the following: 

Our
 estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including publications and scientific literature or market research estimating
 the total number of patients and currently approved or used therapies, as well as certain assumptions regarding the potential size
 of the market assuming broad regulatory approval or potential usage by physicians beyond the approved label, any of which may prove
 to be incorrect. 

The
 scope of approval and potential use may be significantly narrower, and the number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. 

Competitive
 products or approaches may be approved or come into use by medical providers and the potentially addressable patient population for
 each of our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates, and new patients may
 become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, any which could adversely affect our results of operations and our business. 

If
the actual market for any of our product candidates is smaller than we expect, our revenue may be limited and it may be more difficult
for us to achieve or maintain profitability. 

We
will face risks related to the manufacture of medical products for any product candidates that we develop . 

The
manufacture of medical products, and in particular biologics, is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including
the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls, none of which we presently have. Unless we are able to raise
the capital required to construct our own manufacturing facilities and are able to develop the expertise to manage and operate a manufacturing
facility of our own, we may need to rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture any products that we develop. There is no assurance
that we will be able to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all. Regardless of whether we do our own manufacturing or rely
on third parties to manufacture products for us, we will face all risks related to the manufacture of therapeutic products for use in
medicine including the following risks: 

We
 or any third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely formulate and manufacture our products or produce the quantity and quality
 required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. 

We
 or any third-party manufacturers may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures appropriately. 

Any
 third-party manufacturers we engage may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time
 required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products on a commercial scale. 

We
 or any third-party manufacturers will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, and corresponding state agencies
 to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We will not have control
 over third-party manufacturers compliance with applicable regulations and standards. 

We
 may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in
 the manufacturing process for our product candidates. 

Third-party
 manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreements with us. 

We
 or third-party manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes
 or unstable political environments. 

37 

In
addition, we may rely on third parties to perform release testing on our product candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests
are not appropriately conducted and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm which could result in product
liability suits. 

If
we or any third-party manufacturers that we may engage were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to provide our product
candidates to patients in clinical trials or to the medical marketplace would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply
of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial
programs and, depending upon the period of delay, could require us to either commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate
clinical trials completely. 

The
regulatory authorities also may, at any time following approval of a product for sale, audit our manufacturing facilities or those of
our third-party contractors. If any such inspection or audit identifies a failure to comply with applicable regulations or if a violation
of our product specifications or applicable regulations occurs independent of such an inspection or audit, we or the relevant regulatory
authority may require remedial measures that may be costly and/or time-consuming for us or a third party to implement and that may include
the temporary or permanent suspension of a clinical study or commercial sales or the temporary or permanent closure of a facility. Any
such remedial measures imposed upon us or third parties with whom we contract could materially harm our business. 

Additionally,
if supply from one approved manufacturer is interrupted, there could be a significant disruption in commercial supply. The regulatory
agencies may also require additional studies if a new manufacturer is relied upon for commercial production. Switching manufacturers
may involve substantial costs and is likely to result in a delay in our desired clinical and commercial timelines. 

Further,
our product candidates are manufactured by starting with established master cell banks of human embryonic cells and other cells that
are cryopreserved. We will be required to expand the numbers of the pluripotent stem cell master cell banks for future use, as well as
produce working cell banks from which the product will be manufactured for clinical trials, produce the relevant product under cGMP conditions,
expand the number of relevant cells and cryopreserve them under cGMP conditions. We may not be able to expand the numbers of the pluripotent
stem cell master cell banks to provide sufficient cells for clinical trial or for commercial scale production. We may not be able to
manufacture product that meets release criteria due to sterility, identity or potency issues. We may not have access or be able to make
the reagents necessary to manufacture the cells and we may not have access to adequate supply channels to transport and distribute the
products. There are also risks that the cells may be destroyed by interruption in their cryopreservation by means of natural disasters
such as earthquakes, power outages, or other unexpected events, or the cells may be determined to be unacceptable as a source of human
cellular therapies for reasons we cannot envision. We cannot assure you that any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture
of any of our product candidates or products will not occur in the future. If any of our master cell banks are lost or destroyed, including
due to systems failure in the cryopreservation processes, our planned clinical trials would be severely delayed, and we would incur significant
costs associated with obtaining new supply of cell banks. Accordingly, failures or difficulties faced at any level of our supply chain
could adversely affect our business and delay or impede the development and commercialization of any of our product candidates or products
and could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any
therapies that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are
a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing cell-based products
for us. Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval. 

Each
of these risks could delay our clinical trials, any approval of our product candidates by the FDA, or the commercialization of our product
candidates, and could result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenue. 

Any
cell-based products that receive regulatory approval may be difficult and expensive to manufacture on a commercial scale. 

Pluripotent
stem cell and progenitor cell derived therapeutic cells have only been produced on a small scale and not in quantities and at levels
of purity and viability that will be needed for wide scale commercialization. If we are successful in developing products that consist
of cells or compounds derived from pluripotent stem cells or progenitor cells, we will need to develop facilities, processes, and technology
for the commercial production of those products. Pluripotent stem cell or progenitor cell based products are likely to be more expensive
to manufacture on a commercial scale than most other drugs on the market today. The high cost of manufacturing a product will require
that we charge our customers a high price for the product in order to cover our costs and earn a profit. If the price of our products
is too high, hospitals and physicians may be reluctant to purchase our products and we may not be able to sell our products in sufficient
volumes to recover our costs or to earn a profit. 

38 

If
we fail to meet our obligations under license agreements, we may lose our rights to key technologies on which our business depends. 

Our
business will depend on several critical technologies that we have licensed or sublicensed from Lineage or certain Lineage subsidiaries.
The license and sublicense agreements impose obligations on us, including payment obligations and obligations to pursue development and
commercialization of products and technologies under the licensed patents or technology. If the licensor or sublicensor believes that
we have failed to meet our obligations under a license or sublicense agreement, they could seek to limit or terminate our license rights,
which could lead to costly and time-consuming litigation and, potentially, our loss of the licensed rights. During the period of any
such litigation our ability to carry out the development and commercialization of potential new products or technologies, and our ability
to raise any capital that we might then need, could be significantly and negatively affected. If our license rights were restricted or
ultimately lost, we would not be able to continue to use the licensed or sublicensed technology in our business. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain our key personnel and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

Our
industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. We are highly dependent on the expertise of Michael D. West, Ph.D., our Chief Executive Officer, as well as the
other principal members of our management. Although we have employment agreements with our executive officers, these agreements do not
prevent them from terminating their employment with us at any time. In addition, because we will rely on Juvenescence to provide the
services of certain administrative and management personnel, we will not have the benefit of the full time and effort of those Juvenescence
employees in the management and development of our business. 

If
we lose one or more of our executive officers or key employees, our ability to implement our business strategy successfully could be
seriously harmed. We expect that Dr. West will transition from being our Chief Executive Officer to serving solely as Chief Executive
Officer of Reverse Bio in contemplation of our planned spinoff of Revere Bio following the Reverse Bio financing. Furthermore,
replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number
of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize
product candidates successfully. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or
motivate these additional key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
for similar personnel. We also will experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and
research institutions. In addition, we will rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us
in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be engaged by entities other
than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us.
If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates
will be limited. 

Our
business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to
damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters including earthquakes and tsunamis, terrorism, war, and telecommunication
and electrical failures. A loss of or damage to our data, a disruption in access to our data, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential
or proprietary information, could disrupt our operations, delay or otherwise adversely affect the development of our product candidates,
significantly increase our costs, or result in delays in any future regulatory filings we may make. 

In
addition, our product candidates are manufactured using cells that are stored in a cryopreserved master cell bank. While we believe we
have adequate backup should any cell bank be lost in a catastrophic event, it is possible that we or our third-party suppliers and manufacturers
could lose multiple cell banks and have our manufacturing severely impacted by the need to replace the cell banks. We cannot assure you
that any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture of any of our product candidates or products will not occur in the future.
Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of planned clinical trials, increase the
costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical
trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. Any adverse developments affecting clinical or commercial manufacturing
of our product candidates or products may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls
or other interruptions in the supply of our product candidates or products. Accordingly, failures or difficulties faced at any level
of our supply chain could adversely affect our business and delay or impede the development and commercialization of any of our product
candidates or products and could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

39 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, and could cause our business and reputation
to suffer . 

In
the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information
and that of the licensors and licensees of the patents and other intellectual property we use, and personally identifiable information
of employees and consultants. The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to our operations
and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers
or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information
stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, theft, or other loss of information
could result in legal claims or proceedings or liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and could disrupt
our operations and damage our reputation. Even if we do not incur an interruption of or our operations, fines, penalties, or financial
liability to third parties from a security breach, we could suffer a loss of confidence in our services, which could adversely affect
our business and competitive position. 

Failure
of our internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and financial results. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation
of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of our assets are made in accordance
with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of
our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. Because we are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting
issuer, we are exempt from the requirement of having our internal controls over financial reporting audited by our independent registered
public accountants, which means that material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls that might be detected
by an audit may not be detected and remedied. If we are successful in developing new medical products and technologies, the commercialization
of those products and technologies will place significant additional pressure on our system of internal control over financial reporting.
Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial
results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. Our accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately
prepared to meet the financial reporting and other requirements to which we will be subject, and failure to achieve and maintain effective
internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic and the worldwide attempts to contain it could harm our business and our results of operations and financial
condition could be adversely impacted by such pandemic. 

The
global outbreak of the coronavirus COVID-19, and the various attempts throughout the world to contain it, have created significant volatility,
uncertainty and disruption. In response to government directives and guidelines, health care advisories and employee and other concerns,
we have altered certain aspects of our operations. A number of our employees have had to work remotely from home and those on site have
had to follow our social distance guidelines, which could impact their productivity. COVID-19 could also disrupt our operations due to
absenteeism by infected or ill members of management or other employees, or absenteeism by members of management and other employees
who cannot effectively work remotely but who elect not to come to work due to the illness affecting others in our office or laboratory
facilities, or due to quarantines. COVID-19 illness could also impact members of our Board of Directors resulting in absenteeism from
meetings of the directors or committees of directors, and making it more difficult to convene the quorums of the full Board of Directors
or its committees needed to conduct meetings for the management of our affairs. Although COVI-19 tests, vaccines, and certain therapeutic
products are now widely available, COVID-19 has not been eradicated and new strains have been emerging that are or may be resistant to
current vaccines and therapies. 

Additionally,
the early anticipated economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic impacted financial markets, resulting in high share price volatility
and substantial declines in the market prices of the securities of some publicly traded companies. Volatile or declining markets for
equities could adversely affect our ability to raise capital when needed through the sale of shares of common stock or other securities.
Accordingly, we cannot assure that adequate financing will be available on favorable terms, if at all. If we are not able to raise the
capital we need, we could be forced to modify, curtail, delay, or suspend some or all aspects of planned operations. Sales of additional
equity securities could result in significant dilution of the interests of our shareholders. 

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses might impact our business, operations and financial results will
depend on numerous evolving factors that we will not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic;
governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; and the availability
and cost to access COVID-19 tests, vaccines and therapies. Due to the uncertain scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain
timing of full recovery or normalization, we are currently unable to estimate the resulting impacts on our operations and financial results.
We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our operations,
as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees,
any customers and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential effects any such alterations or modifications may have on our business,
including the effects on our financial results. 

40 

We
are subject to laws and regulations governing corruption, which will require us to develop, maintain, and implement costly compliance
programs. 

We
must comply with a wide range of laws and regulations to prevent corruption, bribery, and other unethical business practices, including
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or FCPA, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other countries. The creation and implementation
of international business practices compliance programs is costly and such programs are difficult to enforce, particularly where reliance
on third parties is required. 

Anti-bribery
laws prohibit us, our employees, and some of our agents or representatives from offering or providing any personal benefit to covered
government officials to influence their performance of their duties or induce them to serve interests other than the missions of the
public organizations in which they serve. Certain commercial bribery rules also prohibit offering or providing any personal benefit to
employees and representatives of commercial companies to influence their performance of their duties or induce them to serve interests
other than their employers. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the U.S. to comply with certain accounting
provisions requiring us to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including
international subsidiaries, and devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations.
The anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA are enforced primarily by the United States Department of Justice. The SEC is involved with enforcement
of the books and records provisions of the FCPA. 

Compliance
with these anti-bribery laws is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition,
the anti-bribery laws present particular challenges in the medical industry because in many countries including China, hospitals are
state-owned or operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign government officials. Furthermore,
in certain countries (China in particular), hospitals and clinics are permitted to sell pharmaceuticals to their patients and are primary
or significant distributors of pharmaceuticals. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical studies, procurement of pharmaceuticals
and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials that have led to vigorous anti-bribery law enforcement
actions and heavy fines in multiple jurisdictions, particularly in the U.S. and China. 

It
is not always possible to identify and deter violations, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective
in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits
stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. 

In
the medical industry, corrupt practices include, among others, acceptance of kickbacks, bribes or other illegal gains or benefits by
the hospitals and medical practitioners from manufacturers of pharmaceutical or other products, distributors or their third party agents
in connection with the prescription of certain pharmaceuticals or sale of products. If our employees, affiliates, distributors or third
party marketing firms violate these laws or otherwise engage in illegal practices with respect to their sales or marketing of our products
or other activities involving our products, we could be required to pay damages or heavy fines by multiple jurisdictions where we operate,
which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. There have been recent occurrences in
which certain hospitals have denied access to sales representatives from pharmaceutical companies because the hospitals wanted to avoid
the perception of corruption. If this attitude becomes widespread among our potential customers, our ability to promote our products
to hospitals may be adversely affected. 

If
we and our subsidiaries expand operations internationally, we will need to increase the scope of our compliance programs to address the
risks relating to the potential for violations of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Our compliance programs will
need to include policies addressing not only the FCPA, but also the provisions of a variety of anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws
in multiple foreign jurisdictions, provisions relating to books and records that apply to us as a public company, and include effective
training for our personnel throughout our organization. The creation and implementation of anti-corruption compliance programs is costly
and such programs are difficult to enforce, particularly where reliance on third parties is required. Violation of the FCPA and other
anti-corruption laws can result in significant administrative and criminal penalties for us and our employees, including substantial
fines, suspension or debarment from government contracting, prison sentences, or even the death penalty in extremely serious cases in
certain countries. The SEC also may suspend or bar us from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violation of the FCPA s accounting
provisions. Even if we are not ultimately punished by government authorities, the costs of investigation and review, distraction of our
personnel, legal defense costs, and harm to our reputation could be substantial and could limit our profitability or our ability to develop
or commercialize our product candidates. In addition, if any of our competitors are not subject to the FCPA, they may engage in practices
that will lead to their receipt of preferential treatment from foreign hospitals and enable them to secure business from foreign hospitals
in ways that are unavailable to us. 

41 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

We
face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory
approval before us or develop therapies that are more advanced or effective than ours, which may harm our business and financial condition,
and our ability to successfully market or commercialize our product candidates. 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, competition and a strong emphasis on
intellectual property. We may face competition from other companies focused on therapeutics for age-related disease, which is a highly
competitive environment. There are numerous biotechnology companies developing therapeutics for human aging, with each company often
focusing on a specific molecular pathway within cells. For example, ResTORbio, Inc. is developing modulators of the mechanistic target
of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway to treat immunological and cardiovascular disorders. Calico Life Sciences LLC is a Google-founded research
and development company aimed at identifying molecular pathways that control animal lifespan and translating these insights into novel
therapeutics designed to increase human healthspan. Unity Biotechnology, Inc. focuses on cellular senescence, in particular, the use
of agents that can target senescent cells for selective ablation (senolysis). Unity s stated targeted age-related diseases include
osteoarthritis as well as other ophthalmological and pulmonary diseases. Our therapeutic products in development are likely to face competition
from a large number of companies and technological strategies including therapeutics intended to address our lead indications. See Business
 Competition. 

We
may also face competition from large and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, government
agencies and public and private research institutions. Many of our current or potential competitors, either alone or with their collaboration
partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing,
conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the
pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and gene therapy industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number
of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative
arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific
and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors
develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are
less expensive than any products that we may develop or that would render any products that we may develop obsolete or non-competitive.
Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours,
which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In particular, the
Ministry of Labor Health and Welfare in Japan may grant SAKIGAKE designation to a competing product candidate, which is designed to provide
for faster review and approval for any such product candidate as compared to the conventional process. If any competing product candidate
receives SAKIGAKE designation in Japan, it may be commercialized more quickly in Japan than any of our product candidates. Additionally,
technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomic or obsolete, and we may not be successful
in marketing any product candidates we may develop against competitors. 

Any
product candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. 

The
ACA includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval
pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the
BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference
product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12
years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may
still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s
own pre-clinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their
product. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation,
and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by
the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products. 

There
is a risk that any of our product candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA would not qualify for the 12-year period of
exclusivity or that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our
product candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic competition sooner
than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of
recent litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products
in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number
of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 

42 

The
regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable,
and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 

The
time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following
the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities.
In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the
course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained regulatory approval
for any product candidate and it is possible that any other product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain
regulatory approval. Neither we nor any future collaborator or licensee is permitted to market any of our product candidates in the United
States until we receive regulatory approval of a biologic license application, or BLA, from the FDA. It is possible that the FDA may
refuse to accept for substantive review any BLAs that we submit for our product candidates or may conclude after review of our data that
our application is insufficient to obtain marketing approval of our product candidates. 

Prior
to obtaining approval to commercialize a product candidate in the United States or abroad, we or our collaborators or licensees will
need to demonstrate with substantial evidence from well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or foreign regulatory
agencies, that the product candidate is safe and effective for the intended uses. Results from nonclinical studies and clinical trials
can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe the nonclinical or clinical data for our product candidates are promising, such
data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. The FDA may also require us to conduct additional
preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates either prior to or post-approval, or it may object to elements of our
clinical development program. Depending on the extent of these or any other FDA-required studies, approval of any BLA or application
that we submit may be delayed by several years or may require us to expend significantly more resources than we have available. 

Any
therapeutic products that we and our subsidiaries may develop cannot be sold until the FDA and corresponding foreign regulatory authorities
approve the products for medical use. The need to obtain regulatory approval to market a new product means that: 

Expensive
 and time-consuming clinical trials of new products will need to be conducted. The full cost of conducting and completing clinical
 trials necessary to obtain FDA and foreign regulatory approval of a new product cannot be presently determined but could exceed our
 financial resources or could discourage any future licensees or collaborators from pursuing FDA approval of our product candidates. 

Clinical
 trials and the regulatory approval process for a pharmaceutical or cell-based product can take several years to complete. As a result,
 we will face expenses and delays inherent in seeking FDA and foreign regulatory approval of new products, even if the results of
 clinical trials are favorable. 

Data
 obtained from preclinical and clinical studies is susceptible to varying interpretations and regulatory changes that could delay,
 limit, or prevent regulatory agency approvals. 

Because
 the therapeutic products we plan to develop with pluripotent stem cell technology or progenitor cell technology involve the application
 of new technologies and approaches to medicine, the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may subject those products to additional or
 more stringent review than drugs or biologicals derived from other technologies. 

A
 product that is approved may be subject to restrictions on use. 

The
 FDA can recall or withdraw approval of a product, if it deems necessary. 

We
 will face similar regulatory issues in foreign countries. 

Approval
of our product candidates may be delayed or refused for many reasons, including the following: 

The
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of the applicable clinical trial 

A
 clinical trial might not demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product
 candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications 

The
 results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
 authorities for approval 

A
 clinical trial fail to demonstrate that our product candidates clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks 

The
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical programs or clinical
 trials 

43 

The
 data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a BLA or other comparable
 submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere 

The
 facilities of the any third-party manufacturers with which we may contract may not be adequate to support approval of our product
 candidates (for example, regulatory approval of cell- and tissue-based products require high standards of quality control) 
 and 

The
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering
 our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Of
the large number of potential products in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval
processes and are commercialized. The lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result
in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of
operations and prospects. 

Ethical,
social and legal concerns about research regarding stem cells, could result in regulations restricting or prohibiting the processes we
may use. Federal and state agencies, congressional committees and foreign governments have expressed interest in further regulating biotechnology.
More restrictive regulations or claims that our products are unsafe or pose a hazard could prevent us from commercializing any products.
New government requirements may be established that could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates under development.
It is impossible to predict whether legislative changes will be enacted, regulations, policies or guidance changed, or interpretations
by agencies or courts changed, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. 

Regulatory
requirements governing gene and cell therapy products have changed frequently and may continue to change in the future. The FDA has established
the Office of Tissues and Advanced Therapies within its Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, or CBER, to consolidate the review
of gene therapy and related products, and has established the Cellular, Tissue and Gene Therapies Advisory Committee to advise the CBER
in its review. Gene therapy clinical trials conducted at institutions that receive funding for recombinant DNA research from the NIH,
also are potentially subject to review by the NIH Office of Science Policy s Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee, or the RAC, in
limited circumstances. Although the FDA decides whether individual gene therapy protocols may proceed, the RAC public review process,
if undertaken, can delay the initiation of a clinical trial, even if the FDA has reviewed the trial design and details and authorized
its initiation. Conversely, the FDA can put an investigational new drug application, or IND, on clinical hold even if the RAC has provided
a favorable review or an exemption from in-depth, public review. If we were to engage an NIH-funded institution to conduct a clinical
trial, that institution s institutional biosafety committee, or IBC, as well as its institutional review board, or IRB, would need
to review the proposed clinical trial to assess the safety of the trial and may determine that RAC review is needed. In addition, adverse
developments in clinical trials of gene therapy products conducted by others may cause the FDA or other oversight bodies to change the
requirements for approval of any of our product candidates. Similarly, foreign regulatory authorities may issue new guidelines concerning
the development and marketing authorization for gene therapy medicinal products and require that we comply with these new guidelines. 

Some
of our future products may be viewed by the FDA as combination products and the review of combination products is often more complex
and more time consuming than the review of other types of products. 

Our
future products may be regulated by the FDA as combination products. For a combination product, the FDA must determine which center or
centers within the FDA will review the product candidate and under what legal authority the product candidate will be reviewed. The process
of obtaining FDA marketing clearance or approval is lengthy, expensive, and uncertain, and we cannot be sure that any of our combination
products, or any other products, will be cleared or approved in a timely fashion, or at all. In addition, the review of combination products
is often more complex and more time consuming than the review of a product candidate under the jurisdiction of only one center within
the FDA. We cannot be sure that the FDA will not select to have our combination products reviewed and regulated by only one FDA center
and/or different legal authority, in which case the path to regulatory approval would be different and could be more lengthy and costly.
If the FDA does not approve or clear our products in a timely fashion, or at all, our business and financial condition will be adversely
affected. 

If
we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely
affected. 

The
timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient
number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. We may encounter delays in enrolling, or be unable to enroll, a sufficient
number of patients to complete any of clinical trials of our product candidates, and even once enrolled we may be unable to retain a
sufficient number of patients to complete the trials. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 

the
 patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 

44 

the
 size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the
 proximity of patients to study sites; 

the
 design of the trial; 

our
 ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

clinicians 
 and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available
 therapies, including any new products that may be approved for the indications we are investigating; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 

the
 risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 

In
addition, clinical trials of our product candidates will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates of other companies
that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available
to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in trials of our product candidates may instead opt to enroll in a trial
being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect that clinical trials
or our product candidates may be conducted at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number
of patients who are available for our clinical trials in such clinical trial site. 

Delays
or failures in planned patient enrollment or retention may result in increased costs, program delays or both, which could have a harmful
effect on our ability to develop our product candidates or could render further development impossible. 

Even
if we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates in the United States, we may never obtain approval for or commercialize it
in any other jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize its full market potential. 

In
order to market any products in any particular jurisdiction, we or a licensee or collaborator will need to establish and comply with
numerous and varying regulatory requirements on a country-by-country basis regarding safety and efficacy. Approval by the FDA in the
United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. However, the failure to obtain
approval in one jurisdiction may negatively impact our ability to obtain approval elsewhere. In addition, clinical trials conducted in
one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee
regulatory approval in any other country. 

Approval
processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods.
Seeking foreign regulatory approval could result in difficulties and increased costs for us and require additional preclinical studies
or clinical trials which could be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could
delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any
jurisdiction, including in international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets.
If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, or if regulatory
approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential
of any product we develop will be unrealized. 

Clinical
studies are costly, time consuming and inherently risky, and we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable
regulatory authorities. 

Clinical
development is expensive, time consuming and involves significant risk. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted
as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of development. Events
that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include but are not limited to: 

inability
 to generate satisfactory preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation or continuation
 of clinical studies necessary for product approval; 

delays
 in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with clinical research organizations or CROs and clinical study sites, the terms of which
 can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical study sites; 

45 

delays
 in obtaining required Institutional Review Board, or IRB, approval at each clinical study site; 

failure
 to permit the conduct of a study by regulatory authorities, after review of an investigational new drug, or IND, or equivalent foreign
 application or amendment; 

delays
 in recruiting qualified patients in our clinical studies; 

failure
 by clinical sites or our CROs or other third parties to adhere to clinical study requirements or report complete findings; 

failure
 to perform the clinical studies in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practices requirements, or applicable foreign regulatory
 guidelines; 

patients
 dropping out of our clinical studies; 

occurrence
 of adverse events associated with our product candidates; 

inability
 to use clinical trial results from foreign jurisdictions in support of U.S. regulatory approval; 

changes
 in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 

the
 cost of clinical studies of our product candidates; 

negative
 or inconclusive results from our clinical trials which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional
 clinical studies or abandon development programs for a product candidate; and 

delays
 in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with third-party manufacturers, or delays in the manufacture of sufficient quantities of
 our product candidates for use in clinical studies. 

Any
inability to successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval could result in additional costs to us or impair
our ability to generate revenue. Clinical study delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection
and may allow competitors to develop and bring products to market before we do and may harm our business and results of operations. 

Even
if a product candidate receives regulatory approval, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review,
which may result in significant additional expense, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements
or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 

Any
product candidate for that receives marketing approval, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data, labeling,
packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, recordkeeping, export, import, advertising and promotional activities for
such product, among other things, will be subject to extensive and ongoing requirements of and review by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, establishment registration
and drug listing requirements, continued compliance with cGMP requirements relating to manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance
and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping
and Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. 

The
FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of genetic medicines to ensure they are marketed only for the approved
indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers 
communications regarding off-label use and if we market our products for uses beyond their approved indications, we may be subject to
enforcement action for off-label marketing. Violations of the U.S. federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, relating to the promotion
of prescription drugs may lead to FDA enforcement actions and investigations alleging violations of federal and state health care fraud
and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection laws. 

In
addition, later discovery of previously unknown adverse events or other problems with our products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes,
including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or
failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may yield various results, including: 

restrictions
 on manufacturing such products 

46 

restrictions
 on the labeling or marketing of a product 

restrictions
 on product distribution or use 

requirements
 to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials 

warning
 letters or holds on clinical trials 

withdrawal
 of the products from the market 

refusal
 to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit 

recall
 of products 

fines,
 restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenues 

suspension
 or withdrawal of marketing approvals 

refusal
 to permit the import or export of our products 

product
 seizure or detention or 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA s policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval
of any of our product candidates. For example, in December 2016, the 21st Century Cures Act, or Cures Act, was signed into law. The Cures
Act, among other things, is intended to modernize the regulation of drugs and biologics and spur innovation, but its ultimate implementation
is unclear. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or
if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained which would adversely
affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent
of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or
abroad. 

Our
product candidates may cause serious adverse events or undesirable side effects or have other properties which may delay or prevent their
regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or, result in significant negative consequences following marketing
approval, if any. 

Serious
adverse events or undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause an interruption, delay or halt of clinical trials
and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign authorities.
Results of clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects, toxicities or unexpected characteristics,
including death. 

For
example, there have been significant adverse side effects in cell therapy treatments in the past, including reported cases of certain
cancers. In addition to side effects that may be caused by our product candidates, the conditioning, administration process or related
procedures also can cause adverse side effects, including compromise of a patient s immune system. If unacceptable side effects
arise in the development of our product candidates, we, the FDA, the IRBs at the institutions in which our studies are conducted or Data
Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, could suspend or terminate our clinical trials or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
could order us to cease clinical trials or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Treatment-related
side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product
liability claims. In addition, these side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff. We expect
to have to train medical personnel using our product candidates to understand the side effect profiles for our clinical trials and upon
any commercialization of any of our product candidates. Inadequate training in recognizing or managing the potential side effects of
our product candidates could result in patient injury or death. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and
prospects significantly. 

47 

If
any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by any such
product, including during any long-term follow-up observation period recommended or required for patients who receive treatment using
our products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory
 authorities may withdraw approvals of such product; 

we
 may be required to recall a product or change the way such product is administered to patients; 

additional
 restrictions may be imposed on the marketing of the particular product or the manufacturing processes for the product; 

regulatory
 authorities may require additional warnings on the label, such as a black box warning or contraindication; 

we
 may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, or create a medication guide outlining the risks
 of such side effects for distribution to patients; 

the
 product could become less competitive; 

we
 could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our
 reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and
could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

We
face potential product liability, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and costs. If
the use or misuse of our product candidates harm patients or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our product
candidates, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or could otherwise be negatively impacted, and we could be subject to costly and
damaging product liability claims. 

The
use or misuse of any product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval exposes
us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers,
pharmaceutical companies, or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products. There is a risk that our product candidates
may induce adverse events. If we cannot successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and
costs. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

impairment
 of our business reputation; 

initiation
 of investigations by regulators; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

costs
 due to related litigation; 

distraction
 of management s attention from our primary business; 

substantial
 monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 

the
 inability to commercialize our product candidates; 

product
 recalls, withdrawals or labeling, and marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss
 of revenue; and 

decreased
 demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. 

We
may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability.
If and when we commence clinical trials or obtain marketing approval for any product candidates, we intend to increase our insurance
coverage to include clinical use or the sale of commercial products, as applicable; however, we may be unable to obtain product liability
insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits
based on drugs or medical treatments that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims
brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our
results of operations and business. 

48 

Our
insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

We
do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies we currently maintain include
general liability, employment practices liability, property, auto, workers compensation, umbrella, and directors and officers 
insurance. 

Any
additional product liability insurance coverage we acquire in the future, may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses
we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance
coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If we obtain marketing approval
for any of our product candidates, we intend to acquire insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may
be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. A successful product liability
claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our share price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage,
could adversely affect our results of operations and business, including preventing or limiting the commercialization of any product
candidates we develop. 

As
a public company, it can be difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required
to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result,
it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our Board of Directors, our board committees or as
executive officers. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain existing insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any
significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our cash position and results
of operations. 

Our
employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, CROs, consultants, vendors, and any third parties we may engage
in connection with development and commercialization may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with
regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Misconduct
by our employees and independent contractors, including principal investigators, contract research organizations, or CROs, consultants,
vendors, and any third parties we may engage in connection with development and commercialization, could include intentional, reckless
or negligent conduct or unauthorized activities that violate: (i) the laws and regulations of the FDA, EMA rules and regulations and
other similar regulatory requirements, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to
such authorities; (ii) manufacturing standards; (iii) data privacy, security, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations;
or (iv) laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate financial information and data. Specifically, sales, marketing
and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct,
kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting,
marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Activities subject to these laws
could also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, creation of fraudulent
data in pre-clinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of drug product, which could result in regulatory sanctions
and cause serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties,
and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses
or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with such laws or
regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if
none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights,
those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant civil,
criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgements, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid,
other U.S. federal healthcare programs or healthcare programs in other jurisdictions, individual imprisonment, other sanctions, contractual
damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations. 

Government-imposed
bans or restrictions and religious, moral, and ethical concerns about the use of human embryonic stem cells could prevent us from developing
and successfully marketing stem cell products. 

Government-imposed
bans or restrictions on the use of embryos or human embryonic stem cells hES cells ), in research and development in the
United States and abroad could generally constrain stem cell research, thereby limiting the market and demand for our products. 

California
law requires that stem cell research be conducted under the oversight of a SCRO Committee. Many kinds of stem cell research, including
the derivation of new hES cell lines, may only be conducted in California with the prior written approval of the SCRO Committee. A SCRO
Committee could prohibit or impose restrictions on the research that we plan to do. An adverse decision by a SCRO Committee, or their
imposition of restrictions on a research program could adversely affect our ability to enter into co-development or licensing arrangements
for the development of a product candidate. 

49 

The
use of hES cells may give rise to religious, moral, and ethical issues. These considerations could lead to more restrictive government
regulations or could generally constrain stem cell research, thereby limiting the market and demand for our products. 

Adverse
publicity regarding cell-based therapies could impact our business. 

Adverse
publicity due to the ethical and social controversies surrounding the use of embryonic stem cells or any adverse reported side effects
from any stem cell or other cell therapy clinical trials or to the failure of such trials to demonstrate that these therapies are efficacious
could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise capital, conduct and complete clinical trials and achieve market acceptance
of such products, if approved. For example, research institutions, including those who may be our collaborators, may from time to time
publish findings or studies regarding the human genome (such as the Human Genome Project) that adversely implicate our product candidates,
including findings of cancer dependencies in cell lines used in our cell-based therapies. 

The
price and sale of any product candidates that we may develop may be limited by health insurance coverage and government
regulation. 

Success
in selling any pharmaceutical and cell-based products and medical devices that we may develop may depend in part on the extent to
which health insurance companies, HMOs, and government health administration authorities such as Medicare and Medicaid will pay for
the cost of the products and related treatment. Until a new product is introduced into the medical marketplace, we will not know
with certainty whether adequate health insurance, HMO, and government coverage will be available to permit the product to be sold at
a price high enough for us to generate a profit. In some foreign countries, pricing or profitability of health care products is
subject to government control, which may result in low prices for our products. In the United States, there have been a number of
federal and state proposals to implement similar government controls, and new proposals are likely to be made in the future. We
cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States, the EU or elsewhere will be available for our product
candidates or any product that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the
future. 

Third-party
payors increasingly are challenging prices charged for pharmaceutical products and services, and many third-party payors may refuse to
provide coverage and reimbursement for particular drugs or biologics when an equivalent generic drug, biosimilar or a less expensive
therapy is available. It is possible that a third-party payor may consider our product candidates as substitutable and only offer to
reimburse patients for the less expensive product. Even if we show improved efficacy or improved convenience of administration with our
product candidates, pricing of existing third-party therapeutics may limit the amount we will be able to charge for our product candidates.
These payors may deny or revoke the reimbursement status of a given product or establish prices for new or existing marketed products
at levels that are too low to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in our product candidates. If reimbursement
is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates and
may not be able to obtain a satisfactory financial return on our product candidates. 

There
is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly-approved products. In the United States, third-party
payors, including private and governmental payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining
the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models in the
United States for how private payors and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs and biologics.
Some third-party payors may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative devices or drug therapies before they will reimburse
healthcare providers who use such therapies. We cannot predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage
and reimbursement for our product candidates. 

No
uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage
and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often
a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates
to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the
first instance. Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement change frequently, in some cases on short notice, and we believe
that changes in these rules and regulations are likely. 

Outside
the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations,
and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe and other countries have and will continue to put pressure
on the pricing and usage of our product candidates. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control
mechanisms as part of national health systems. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medical products but monitor
and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that
we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our product
candidates may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially-reasonable revenue and profits. 

50 

Moreover,
increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause
such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover
or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. While it is not possible to predict or model the insurance landscape at the time
any of our product candidates may receive regulatory approval, we expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale
of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed health care, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and
additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and biologics and
surgical procedures and other treatments, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry
of new products. 

Enacted
and future healthcare legislation, including the ACA, may increase the difficulty and cost of obtaining marketing approval and
commercializing our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 

In
the United States, the EU and other jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative
and regulatory changes and proposed changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. As a result
of the adoption of the ACA in the United States, substantial changes have been made to the system for paying for healthcare in the United
States. Certain provisions related to cost-savings and reimbursement measures could adversely affect our future financial performance.
For example, among the provisions of the ACA, those of greatest importance to the biopharmaceutical industry includes the following: 

an
 annual, non-deductible fee payable by any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents
 (other than those designated as orphan drugs), which is apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain
 government healthcare programs; 

new
 requirements to report certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals, including reporting transfers
 of value made or distributed to prescribers and other healthcare providers and reporting investment interests held by physicians
 and their immediate family members; 

a
 new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled,
 infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

expansion
 of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain individuals
 with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate
 liability; 

a
 licensure framework for follow on biologic products; 

a
 new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness
 research, along with funding for such research; and 

establishment
 of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, to test innovative payment and service
 delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 

The
ACA has been subject to revision and to judicial, congressional, and executive challenges. As a result of tax reform legislation passed
in December 2017, the requirement that all individuals maintain health insurance coverage or pay a penalty, referred to as the individual
mandate was eliminated effective January 1, 2019. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the repeal of the individual mandate
will cause 13 million fewer Americans to be insured in 2027 and premiums in insurance markets may rise. A challenge to validity of the
ACA on constitutional grounds is currently pending before the Supreme Court. 

The
costs of prescription pharmaceuticals in the United States have also been the subject of considerable debate, and new legislative and
administrative measures could be implemented to address such costs. To date, there have been several recent U.S. congressional inquiries
and proposed state and federal legislation designed to, among other things, improve transparency in drug pricing, review the relationship
between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the costs of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement
methodologies for drug products. The pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is also subject to governmental control outside the United
States. In these other countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of
marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical
trial that compares the cost effectiveness of our product candidates to other available therapies. If reimbursement of our products is
unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our ability to generate revenues and become
profitable could be impaired. 

51 

Legislative
and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for approved
products. In addition, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring
more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs
under Medicare and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative
changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes
on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s
approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent labeling and post-marketing
testing and other requirements. 

Moreover,
payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new
payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over
the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures
will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products
and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures. 

Individual
states in the United States have also become increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to
control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions
on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation
from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally-mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions
could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual
hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in
their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our product candidates or put pressure
on our product pricing. 

In
the EU, similar political, economic and regulatory developments may affect our ability to profitably commercialize our product candidates,
if approved. In addition to continuing pressure on prices and cost containment measures, legislative developments at the EU or member
state level may result in significant additional requirements or obstacles that may increase our operating costs. The delivery of healthcare
in the EU, including the establishment and operation of health services and the pricing and reimbursement of medicines, is almost exclusively
a matter for national, rather than EU, law and policy. National governments and health service providers have different priorities and
approaches to the delivery of health care and the pricing and reimbursement of products in that context. In general, however, the healthcare
budgetary constraints in most EU member states have resulted in restrictions on the pricing and reimbursement of medicines by relevant
health service providers. Coupled with ever-increasing EU and national regulatory burdens on those wishing to develop and market products,
this could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our
ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved. 

In
markets outside of the United States and EU, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries
have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. 

We
cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action
in the United States, the EU or any other jurisdiction. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes
in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory
compliance, our product candidates may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

If
we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the health care industry, we could face increased costs,
penalties and a loss of business. 

Our
activities, and the activities of any collaborators, distributors and other third-party providers that we may engage in the future, will
be subject to extensive government regulation and oversight both in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions. The FDA and comparable agencies
in other jurisdictions will directly regulate many of our most critical business activities, including the conduct of preclinical and
clinical studies, product manufacturing, advertising and promotion, product distribution, adverse event reporting, and product risk management.
Our interactions in the U.S. or abroad with physicians and other health care providers that prescribe or purchase our products will also
be subject to government regulation designed to prevent fraud and abuse in the sale and use of the products and place greater restrictions
on the marketing practices of health care companies. Health care companies such as ours are facing heightened scrutiny of their relationships
with health care providers from anti-corruption enforcement officials. In addition, health care companies such as ours have been the
target of lawsuits and investigations alleging violations of government regulation, including claims asserting submission of incorrect
pricing information, impermissible off-label promotion of pharmaceutical products, payments intended to influence the referral of health
care business, submission of false claims for government reimbursement, antitrust violations, and violations related to environmental
matters. Risks relating to compliance with laws and regulations may be heightened if we operate globally. 

52 

Regulations
governing the health care industry are subject to change, with possibly retroactive effect, including: 

new
 laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions, related to health care
 availability, pricing or marketing practices, compliance with wage and hour laws and other employment practices, method of delivery,
 payment for health care products and services, compliance with health information and data privacy and security laws and regulations,
 tracking and reporting payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, extensive anti-bribery and
 anti-corruption prohibitions, product serialization and labeling requirements and used product take-back requirements; 

changes
 in the FDA and foreign regulatory approval processes that may delay or prevent the approval of new products and result in lost market
 opportunity; 

requirements
 that provide for increased transparency of clinical trial results and quality data, such as the EMA s clinical transparency
 policy, which could impact our ability to protect trade secrets and competitively-sensitive information contained in approval applications
 or could be misinterpreted leading to reputational damage, misperception, or legal action which could harm our business; and 

changes
 in FDA and foreign regulations that may require additional safety monitoring, labeling changes, restrictions on product distribution
 or use, or other measures after the introduction of our products to market, which could increase our costs of doing business, adversely
 affect the future permitted uses of approved products, or otherwise adversely affect the market for our products. 

Violations
of governmental regulation may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions against us, including fines and civil monetary penalties
and exclusion from participation in government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, as well as sanctions against executives overseeing
our business. In addition to penalties for violation of laws and regulations, we could be required to repay amounts we received from
government payors or pay additional rebates and interest if we are found to have miscalculated the pricing information we have submitted
to the government. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies and procedures will in every instance protect us from acts
committed by our employees, collaborators, partners or third-party providers that would violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. Whether or not we have complied with the law, an investigation into alleged unlawful conduct could increase our
expenses, damage our reputation, divert management time and attention, and adversely affect our business. 

We
may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, and health information
privacy and security laws, and if we are unable to comply with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

If
the FDA grants marketing approval for any of our product candidates or technologies and commercializing those products or technologies
begins in the United States, our operations may be subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation,
the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, and physician sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact,
among other things, product sales, marketing, and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by
both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering
 or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, the purchase or recommendation of an item or service
 reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities
 from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that
 are false or fraudulent; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit
 executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and implementing regulations, which impose certain
 requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

53 

the
 Physician Payments Sunshine Act which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report annually
 to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, other
 healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers
 and their immediate family members and applicable group purchasing organizations; 

the
 FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices 

the
 U.S. Public Health Service Act, which prohibits, among other things, the introduction into interstate commerce of a biological product
 unless a biologics license is in effect for that product and 

state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services
 reimbursed by any third-party payors, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with
 the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government, or that otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state
 laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other
 healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain
 circumstances. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our
business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, recent health care reform legislation
has strengthened these laws. Further, state laws differ from each other and from federal law in significant ways, thus complicating compliance
efforts. 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply, we may
be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government health care
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely
affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 

Risks
Related to our Dependence on Third Parties 

We
may become dependent on future collaborations to develop and commercialize our product candidates and to provide the regulatory compliance,
sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities required for the success of our business. 

We
may enter into various kinds of collaborative research and development and product marketing agreements to develop and commercialize
our products. The expected future milestone payments and cost reimbursements from collaboration agreements could provide an important
source of financing for our research and development programs, thereby facilitating the application of our technology to the development
and commercialization of our products, but there are risks associated with entering into collaboration arrangements. 

The
process of establishing and maintaining collaborative relationships is difficult, time-consuming and involves significant uncertainty,
such as: 

a
 collaboration partner may shift its priorities and resources away from our product candidates due to a change in business strategies,
 or a merger, acquisition, sale or downsizing; 

a
 collaboration partner may seek to renegotiate or terminate their relationships with us due to unsatisfactory clinical results, manufacturing
 issues, a change in business strategy, a change of control or other reasons; 

a
 collaboration partner may cease development in therapeutic areas which are the subject of our strategic collaboration; 

a
 collaboration partner may not devote sufficient capital or resources towards our product candidates; 

a
 collaboration partner may change the success criteria for a product candidate thereby delaying or ceasing development of such candidate; 

a
 significant delay in initiation of certain development activities by a collaboration partner will also delay payment of milestones
 tied to such activities, thereby impacting our ability to fund our own activities; 

54 

a
 collaboration partner could develop a product that competes, either directly or indirectly, with our product candidate; 

a
 collaboration partner with commercialization obligations may not commit sufficient financial or human resources to the marketing,
 distribution or sale of a product; 

a
 collaboration partner with manufacturing responsibilities may encounter regulatory, resource or quality issues and be unable to meet
 demand requirements; 

a
 collaboration partner may terminate a strategic alliance; 

a
 dispute may arise between us and a partner concerning the research, development or commercialization of a product candidate resulting
 in a delay in milestones, royalty payments or termination of an alliance and possibly resulting in costly litigation or arbitration
 which may divert management attention and resources; and 

a
 partner may use our products or technology in such a way as to invite litigation from a third party. 

There
is a risk that a collaboration partner might fail to perform its obligations under the collaborative arrangements or may be slow in performing
its obligations. In addition, a collaboration partner may experience financial difficulties at any time that could prevent it from having
available funds to contribute to the collaboration. If a collaboration partner fails to conduct its product development, commercialization,
regulatory compliance, sales and marketing or distribution activities successfully and in a timely manner, or if it terminates or materially
modifies its agreements with us, the development and commercialization of one or more product candidates could be delayed, curtailed,
or terminated because we may not have sufficient financial resources or capabilities to continue such development and commercialization
on our own. 

We
have no marketing, sales, or distribution resources for the commercialization of any products or technologies that we might successfully
develop. 

We
do not have any infrastructure for the sales, marketing or distribution of our products, and the cost of establishing and maintaining
such an organization may exceed the cost-effectiveness of doing so. There are significant expenses and risks involved with establishing
our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, including our ability to hire, retain and appropriately incentivize qualified
individuals, generate sufficient sales leads, provide adequate training to sales and marketing personnel, and effectively manage a geographically
dispersed sales and marketing team. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities
could delay any product launch, which would adversely impact the commercialization of any approved product candidate. 

If
we market products through arrangements with third parties, we may pay sales commissions to sales representatives or we may sell or consign
products to distributors at wholesale prices. As a result, our gross profit from product sales may be lower than it would be if we were
to sell our products directly to end users at retail prices through our own sales force. There can be no assurance we will be able to
negotiate distribution or sales agreements with third parties on favorable terms to justify our investment in our products or achieve
sufficient revenues to support our operations. 

If
we are unable to build our own sales force or negotiate a collaborative relationship for the commercialization of our product candidates,
we may be forced to delay the potential commercialization of such candidates or reduce the scope of our sales or marketing activities
for them. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund commercialization activities ourselves, we will need to obtain additional
capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We could enter into arrangements with collaborative partners
at an earlier stage than otherwise would be ideal and we may be required to relinquish rights to our product candidates or otherwise
agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 

If
we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, either on our own or in collaboration with third
parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates and may not become profitable and may incur significant
additional losses. We will be competing with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations.
Without an internal team or the support of a third party to perform marketing and sales functions, we may be unable to compete successfully
against these more established companies. 

We
do not have the ability to independently conduct clinical trials required to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates and
intend to rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical trials. 

We
will need to rely on third parties, such as contract research organizations, data management companies, contract clinical research associates,
medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to conduct any clinical trials that we may undertake for our product
candidates. We may also rely on third parties to assist with our preclinical development of product candidates. 

55 

If
we outsource clinical trials, we may be unable to directly control the timing, conduct and expense of our clinical trials. However, we
will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory
and scientific standards and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. 

We
and our third-party contractors will be required to comply with the GLPs and GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the
FDA and are also required by the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign regulatory
authorities in the form of International Conference on Harmonization guidelines for any of our product candidates that are in preclinical
and clinical development. The Regulatory authorities enforce GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators
and clinical trial sites. If we or our third-party contractors fail to comply with GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical
trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical
trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory
authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted
with product produced under cGMP regulations. Accordingly, if our third-party contractors fail to comply with these regulations or fail
to recruit a sufficient number of subjects, we may be required to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 

Our
third-party contractors will not be our employees, and we will not control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to
our future clinical and nonclinical programs. These third-party contractors may also have relationships with other commercial entities,
including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials, or other product development activities which could
harm our competitive position. We face the risk of potential unauthorized disclosure or misappropriation of our intellectual property
by third-party contractors, which may reduce our trade secret protection and allow our potential competitors to access and exploit our
proprietary technology. If our third-party contractors do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations, fail to
meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to
our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for any other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated,
and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize any product candidate that we develop. As a result,
our financial results and the commercial prospects for any product candidate that we develop would be harmed, our costs could increase,
and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. 

If
our relationship with any third-party contractors terminates, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative third-party
contractors or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional third-party contractors involves substantial cost
and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. As a
result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we intend to
carefully manage our relationships with our third-party contractors, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges
or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to obtain and enforce patents and to protect our trade secrets, others could use our technology to compete with us, which
could limit opportunities for us to generate revenues by licensing our technology and selling our products. 

Our
 success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and enforce patents and maintain trade secrets in the United States and in other
 countries. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining and enforcing patents, our competitors could use our technology and create products
 or technologies that compete with our products and technologies, without paying license fees or royalties to us. 

The
 preparation, filing, and prosecution of patent applications can be costly and time consuming. Our limited financial resources may
 not permit us to pursue patent protection of all of our technology and products throughout the world. 

Even
 if we are able to obtain issued patents covering our technology or products, we may have to incur substantial legal fees and other
 expenses to enforce our patent rights in order to protect our technology and products from infringing uses. We may not have the financial
 resources to finance the litigation required to preserve our patent and trade secret rights. 

There
is no certainty that our pending or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents. 

We
acquired rights to patent applications for technology that Lineage has developed, and we may file additional new patent applications
in the future seeking patent protection for new technology or products that we develop ourselves or jointly with others. However, there
is no assurance that any of our licensed patent applications, or any patent applications that we may file in the future in the United
States or abroad, will result in the issuance of patents. 

56 

The
process of applying for and obtaining patents can be expensive and slow. 

The
 preparation and filing of patent applications, and the maintenance of patents that are issued, may require substantial time and money. 

A
 patent interference proceeding may be instituted with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO when more than
 one person files a patent application covering the same technology, or if someone wishes to challenge the validity of an issued patent.
 At the completion of the interference proceeding, the USPTO will determine which competing applicant is entitled to the patent, or
 whether an issued patent is valid. Patent interference proceedings are complex, highly contested legal proceedings, and the USPTO s
 decision is subject to appeal. This means that if an interference proceeding arises with respect to any of our patent applications,
 we may experience significant expenses and delay in obtaining a patent, and if the outcome of the proceeding is unfavorable to us,
 the patent could be issued to a competitor rather than to us. 

A
 derivation proceeding may be instituted by the USPTO or an inventor alleging that a patent or application was derived from the work
 of another inventor. 

Post
 Grant Review under the new America Invents Act will make available opposition-like proceedings in the United States. As with the
 USPTO interference proceedings, Post Grant Review proceedings will be very expensive to contest and can result in significant delays
 in obtaining patent protection or can result in a denial of a patent application. 

Oppositions
 to the issuance of patents may be filed under European patent law and the patent laws of certain other countries. As with USPTO interference
 proceedings, these foreign proceedings can be very expensive to contest and can result in significant delays in obtaining a patent
 or can result in a denial of a patent application. 

Intellectual
property we may develop using grants received from the federal government are subject to rights maintained by the government. 

Research
and development we perform that is funded by grants from the federal government, and any intellectual property that we create using those
grants, is subject to the rights maintained by the federal government. 

Our
patents may not protect our technologies or products from competition. 

We
 might not be able to obtain any patents beyond those we already own or have licensed or sublicensed, and any patents that we do obtain
 might not be comprehensive enough to provide us with meaningful patent protection. 

There
 will always be a risk that our competitors might be able to successfully challenge the validity or enforceability of any patent issued
 to us. 

In
 addition to interference proceedings, the USPTO can reexamine issued patents at the request of a third party. Our patents may be
 subject to inter partes review (replacing the reexamination proceeding), a proceeding in which a third party can challenge the validity
 of one of our patents to have the patent invalidated. This means that patents owned or licensed by us may be subject to reexamination
 and may be lost if the outcome of the reexamination is unfavorable to us. 

The
 patents to which we have licenses to, including the licenses to HyStem are broadly licensed to other companies and in some instances,
 in overlapping fields of use. Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. Asterias ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lineage, has
 a non-exclusive license to HyStem patents in certain fields of use that overlap with the AgeX sublicensed fields of use. Asterias
 and AgeX may create competing products. In addition, AgeX, through our subsidiary ReCyte Therapeutics, is a sublicensee under a cross-license
 between Lineage and Asterias, which creates another potential risk of Asterias and AgeX creating competing products. 

We
may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending patents, if issued, on our technology and product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be
prohibitively expensive. The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly in developing countries. Competitors
may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may
export otherwise infringing products to territories where we may obtain patent protection, but where patent enforcement is not as strong
as that in the United States. The products offered by foreign competitors may compete with our products in jurisdictions where we do
not have any issued or licensed patents or where any future patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective
or sufficient to prevent them from competing with us. 

57 

Moreover,
our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in foreign intellectual
property laws. Additionally, laws of some countries outside of the United States and Europe do not afford intellectual property protection
to the same extent as the laws of the United States and Europe. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and
defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, including India, China
and certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights. This could make it
difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. For example,
many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. Consequently,
we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in certain countries outside the United States and Europe.
Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and,
further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, if our ability to enforce our patents
to stop infringing activities is inadequate. These products may compete with our products, and our patents, if issued, or other intellectual
property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Proceedings
to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts
and resources from other aspects of our business. Furthermore, while we intend to protect our intellectual property rights in major markets,
we cannot ensure that we will be able to initiate or maintain similar efforts in all jurisdictions in which we may wish to market products
or license our patented technologies. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. 

We
may be subject to patent infringement claims that could be costly to defend, which may limit our ability to use disputed technologies,
and which could prevent us from pursuing research and development or commercialization of some of our technologies or products, require
us to pay licensing fees to have freedom to operate and/or result in monetary damages or other liability for us. 

The
success of our business depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing patents and other proprietary rights of others.
If the technology that we use infringes a patent held by others, we could be sued for monetary damages by the patent holder or its licensee,
or we could be prevented from continuing research, development, and commercialization of technologies and products that rely on that
technology, unless we are able to obtain a license to use the patent. The cost and availability of a license to a patent cannot be predicted,
and the likelihood of obtaining a license at an acceptable cost would be lower if the patent holder or any of its licensees is using
the patent to develop or market a technology or product with which our technologies or products would compete. If we could not obtain
a necessary license, we would need to develop or obtain rights to alternative technologies, which could prove costly and could cause
delays in developing our technologies or products, or we could be forced to discontinue the development or marketing of any technologies
and products that were developed using the technology covered by the patent. 

Risks
Pertaining to Our Common Stock 

There
is a limited history to the public trading of our common stock and there is no assurance that a market for our common stock will be sustained. 

Public
trading of our common stock on the NYSE American began on November 29, 2018. Accordingly, there is only a limited history of the public
trading of our common stock and there can be no assurance that an active market for our common stock will be sustained. 

We
cannot predict the prices at which our common stock may trade. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending
upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

a
 shift in our investor base; 

our
 quarterly or annual earnings, or those of comparable companies; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

our
 ability to obtain financing as needed; 

changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant investments, acquisitions or dispositions; 

58 

the
 failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock; 

changes
 in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 

the
 operating performance and stock price of comparable companies; 

overall
 market fluctuations; and 

general
 economic conditions and other external factors. 

Because
we are engaged in the development of pharmaceutical and cell therapy products, the price of shares of our common stock may rise and fall
rapidly. 

The
price of our common stock may rise rapidly in response to certain events, such as the commencement of clinical trials of an experimental
new therapy, even though the outcome of those trials and the likelihood of ultimate FDA approval of a therapeutic product remain uncertain.
Similarly, prices of our common stock may fall rapidly in response to certain events such as unfavorable results of clinical trials or
a delay or failure to obtain FDA approval. Further, the failure of our earnings to meet analysts expectations could result in
a significant rapid decline in the market price of our common stock. 

Because
we do not pay dividends, our stock may not be a suitable investment for anyone who needs to earn dividend income. 

We
do not have current plans to pay any cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends
on shares of common stock will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may take into account general
and economic conditions, our financial condition and results of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs,
capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders
or by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. For the foreseeable future we anticipate
that any earnings generated in our business will be used to finance the growth of our business and will not be paid out as dividends
to our stockholders. This means that our stock may not be a suitable investment for anyone who needs to earn income from their investments. 

Securities
analysts may not initiate coverage or continue to cover our common stock, and this may have a negative impact on the market price of
our shares. 

The
market price and liquidity of our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about
our business and our common stock. We do not have any control over these analysts. There is no guarantee that securities analysts will
cover our common stock. If securities analysts do not cover our common stock, the lack of research coverage may adversely affect the
market price of those shares. If securities analysts do cover our shares, they could issue reports or recommendations that are unfavorable
to the price of our shares, and they could downgrade a previously favorable report or recommendation, and in either case our share price
could decline as a result of the report. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover our shares or fails to publish regular reports
on our business, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests if we issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock. 

In
the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests
of our present stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 205,000,000 shares of capital stock consisting of 200,000,000
shares of common stock and 5,000,000 blank check shares of preferred stock. As of March 20, 2023, there were 37,951,261
shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and 3,260,979 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding
stock options or other stock-based awards under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, and 13,271,320 shares of common stock reserved for issuance
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants held by Juvenescence. No shares of preferred stock are presently outstanding. 

We
will issue additional shares to Juvenescence if Juvenescence elects to exercise its right to convert the principal amount of its outstanding
loans and loan origination fees into shares of our common stock. The number of shares that would be issuable to Juvenescence depends
on the market price of our common stock and the amount of loans and origination fees that Juvenescence might elect to convert into common
stock. Juvenescence may also acquire shares of AgeX common stock by exercising warrants it holds. We also have the right to convert the
loans from Juvenescence into shares of our common stock if we raise new capital in at least certain amounts specified in the Secured
Note, 10 Million Secured Note, and 2020 Loan Agreement. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions and Note 11, Subsequent Events
 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

59 

We
may issue additional common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in order to raise additional
capital, or in connection with hiring or retaining employees or consultants, or in connection with future acquisitions of licenses to
technology or medical products or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any additional shares of common stock or other
securities may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. 

We
may also issue preferred stock having rights, preferences, and privileges senior to the rights of our common stock with respect to dividends,
rights to share in distributions of our assets if we liquidate our company, or voting rights. Any preferred stock may also be convertible
into common stock on terms that would be dilutive to holders of common stock. 

Our
subsidiaries may finance a portion of their operations by selling shares of their capital stock or debt securities convertible into shares
of their capital stock to private investors. Sales of subsidiary shares would reduce our ownership interest in the subsidiaries, and
correspondingly dilute our shareholder s ownership interests in our consolidated enterprise. Reverse Bio has, and other AgeX subsidiaries
could also have, their own stock option plans and the exercise of subsidiary stock options or the sale of restricted stock under those
plans would also reduce our ownership interest in the subsidiaries, with a resulting dilutive effect on the ownership interest of our
shareholders in our consolidated enterprise. Subsidiaries might also issue preferred stock having rights, preferences, and privileges
senior to the rights of the subsidiary common stock we hold with respect to dividends, rights to share in distributions of our assets
if the subsidiary is liquidated, or voting rights. Any subsidiary preferred stock may also be convertible into common stock on terms
that would be dilutive to us as a holder of subsidiary common stock. 

Unless
our common stock continues to be listed on a national securities exchange it will become subject to the so-called penny stock 
rules that impose restrictive sales practice requirements. 

On
November 17, 2021, we received a letter (the Deficiency Letter from the staff of the NYSE American (the Exchange indicating that AgeX does not meet certain of the Exchange s continued listing standards as set forth in Section 1003(a)(i) of
the Exchange Company Guide in that we have stockholders equity of less than 2,000,000 and have incurred losses from continuing
operations and/or net losses during our two most recent fiscal years. Pursuant to Section 1009 of the Exchange Company Guide and as provided
in the Deficiency Letter provided the Exchange staff with a plan (the Compliance Plan advising the Exchange staff of action
we have taken and will take that would bring AgeX into compliance with the Exchange s continued listing standards. The Exchange
staff has accepted our Compliance Plan but later required us to revise the Compliance Plan as we remained out of listing compliance.
On November 22, 2022, we received a notification from the staff of the Exchange indicating that the Exchange has accepted our revised
listing Compliance Plan and has granted us an extension of time to regain compliance with the Exchange s continued listing standards
as set forth in Section 1003(a)(i) and (ii) of the Exchange Company Guide by increasing our stockholders equity to not less than 4,000,000.
The Exchange staff will periodically review our adherence to the plan milestones. If we are not in compliance with the continued listing
standards by May 17, 2023, or if we do not make progress consistent with the plan during the plan period, the Exchange will initiate
delisting proceedings as appropriate. 

AgeX
intends to make arrangements to have its common stock quoted on an electronic interdealer quotation system Electronic interdealer quotation
system if its common stock is delisted from the NYSE American. 

If
we are unable to maintain the listing of our common stock on the Exchange or another national securities exchange, our common stock could
become subject to the so-called penny stock rules if the shares have a market value of less than 5.00 per share. The SEC
has adopted regulations that define a penny stock to include any stock that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions, including an exception for stock traded on a national securities exchange. The SEC regulations impose restrictive
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors.
An accredited investor generally is a person whose individual annual income exceeded 200,000, or whose joint annual income with a spouse
exceeded 300,000 during the past two years and who expects their annual income to exceed the applicable level during the current year,
or a person with net worth in excess of 1.0 million, not including the value of the investor s principal residence and excluding
mortgage debt secured by the investor s principal residence up to the estimated fair market value of the home, except that any
mortgage debt incurred by the investor within 60 days prior to the date of the transaction shall not be excluded from the determination
of the investor s net worth unless the mortgage debt was incurred to acquire the residence. For transactions covered by this rule,
the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must have received the purchaser s written
consent to the transaction prior to sale. This means that if we are unable maintain the listing of our common stock on a national securities
exchange, the ability of stockholders to sell their AgeX common stock in the secondary market could be adversely affected. 

If
a transaction involving a penny stock is not exempt from the SEC s rule, a broker-dealer must deliver a disclosure schedule relating
to the penny stock market to each investor prior to a transaction. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both
the broker-dealer and its registered representative, current quotations for the penny stock, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker,
the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements
must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the customer s account and information on the limited
market in penny stocks. 

60 

We
are an emerging growth company, and may elect to comply with reduced public company reporting requirements applicable to
emerging growth companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some
investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock
price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total
annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the
first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; (iii) the date on
which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the Exchange Act. 

We
could be subject to securities class action litigation. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its
securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biopharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility
in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and
resources, which could harm our business. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial
to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control
of our company that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your
shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock,
thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our Board of Directors is responsible for appointing the
members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors. Among other things, these provisions
include those establishing: 

no
 cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the
 ability of our Board of Directors to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms of those shares,
 including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership
 of a hostile acquirer; and 

the
 ability of our Board of Directors to alter our bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval. 

Moreover,
because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for
a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock,
unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
principal offices are located at 1101 Marina Village Parkway, Suite 201, Alameda, California in 101 square feet of leased space in a
building located in an office and research park. Base monthly rent is 844 for the one year lease term that commenced on January 1, 2023.
The lease also includes office furniture rental, janitorial services, utilities and internet service. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in routine litigation incidental to the conduct of our business. We are not presently involved in any
material litigation or proceedings, and to our knowledge no such litigation or proceedings are contemplated. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

61 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common stock has been traded on the NYSE American under the symbol AGE since November 29, 2018. 

As
of March 20, 2023, we had 232 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include stockholders whose shares of AgeX common
stock are held in street name in accounts with securities broker-dealers or other financial institutions or fiduciaries. 

The
following table shows certain information concerning the stock options outstanding and available for issuance under all of our compensation
plans and agreements as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except weighted average exercise price): 

Plan Category 
 Number
 of Shares to
 be Issued upon Exercise
 of Outstanding Options
 and Rights 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise
 Price of the
 Outstanding Options, and
 Rights 
 Number
 of Shares Remaining
 Available for
 Future Issuance under
 Equity Compensation
 Plans 
 
 AgeX Stock Option
 Plans Approved by Stockholders (1) 
 3,264 
 2.25 
 5,139 

(1) This
 information pertains to our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. Additional information concerning
 our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and the stock options may be found in Note 8, Stock-Based
 Awards to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and highlight certain
other information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial condition, changes
in financial condition and results of operations. These historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance.
This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains a number of forward-looking
statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout
this filing, particularly in Risk Factors. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

The
Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company such as AgeX to
take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. However,
we elected to comply with newly adopted or revised accounting standards when they become applicable to public companies because our financial
statements were consolidated with those of Lineage, which is not an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and is therefore not permitted
to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that become applicable to public companies. This election under the JOBS
Act to not delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 

Overview 

We
are a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of novel therapeutics targeting human aging and degenerative
diseases. Our initial discovery and preclinical programs focus on utilizing brown adipose tissue in targeting diabetes, obesity, and
heart disease; and induced tissue regeneration in utilizing the human body s own abilities to scarlessly regenerate tissues damaged
from age or trauma. We may also pursue other early-stage pre-clinical programs. 

Since
inception, our operations have focused on building our technology platform, identifying potential product candidates, establishing and
protecting our intellectual property and raising capital. 

Since
inception, we have incurred significant operating losses and we will need to obtain additional financing in order to continue our operations,
including our research and development programs. See Liquidity and Capital Resources for a discussion of our available
capital resources and our need for financing. Our net loss from continuing operations before interest and other expenses were 7.0 million
and 8.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit
of 116.2 million. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. 

62 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America US GAAP ), requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated
financial statements and related notes. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. We have identified below our critical accounting
policies and estimates that we believe require the greatest amount of judgment. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates that are
subject to significant judgment, including those related to going concern assessment of consolidated financial statements, allocations
and adjustments necessary for carve-out basis of presentation, including the separate return method for income taxes, useful lives associated
with long-lived assets, including evaluation of asset impairment, allowances for uncollectible accounts receivables, loss contingencies,
deferred income taxes and tax reserves, including valuation allowances related to deferred income taxes, and assumptions used to value
stock-based awards or other equity instruments and liability classified warrants. Actual results could differ materially from
those estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates compared to historical experience and trends, which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. To the extent that there are material differences between our estimates
and our actual results, our future consolidated financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows will be affected. 

We
believe the assumptions and estimates associated with the following have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial
statements. There were no significant changes to the disclosures with respect to our critical accounting policies for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Going
Concern Assessment 

We
assess going concern uncertainty for our consolidated financial statements to determine if we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents
on hand and working capital to operate for a period of at least one year from the date our consolidated financial statements are issued,
which is referred to as the look-forward period as defined by FASB s ASU No. 2014-15. As part of this assessment,
based on conditions that are known and reasonably knowable to us, we consider various scenarios, forecasts, projections, and estimates,
and we make certain key assumptions, including the timing and nature of projected cash expenditures or programs, among other factors,
and our ability to delay or curtail those expenditures or programs within the look-forward period in accordance with ASU No. 2014-15,
if necessary. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

AgeX s
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of its subsidiaries and certain research and development departments. AgeX consolidated
its direct and indirect wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries because AgeX has the ability to control their operating and financial
decisions and policies through its ownership, and the noncontrolling interest is reflected as a separate element of stockholders 
deficit on AgeX s consolidated balance sheets. 

AgeX s
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 do not include LifeMap Sciences consolidated assets and liabilities
due to the deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences on March 15, 2021. 

AgeX s
consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 include LifeMap Sciences consolidated results for the
period through March 15, 2021 rather than the day immediately preceding the deconsolidation due to the conversion of 1,761,296 of LifeMap
Sciences indebtedness to AgeX into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock on March 15, 2021, followed by the completion of the
cash-out merger on the same day. 

Long-Lived
Intangible Assets 

Long-lived
intangible assets, consisting primarily of acquired patents, acquired in-process research and development IPR D with
alternative future uses, patent applications, and licenses to use certain patents, are stated at acquired cost, less accumulated amortization.
Amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally over 10 years. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets, including long-lived intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. If an impairment indicator is present, we evaluate recoverability by a
comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If the
assets are impaired, the impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value
of the assets. Through December 31, 2022, there have been no such impairment losses. 

63 

Accounting
for Warrants 

We
determine the accounting classification of warrants we issue, as either liability or equity, by first assessing whether the warrants
meet liability classification in accordance with ASC 480-10, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of
both Liabilities and Equity , then in accordance with ASC 815-40, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and
Potentially Settled in, a Company s Own Stock . Under ASC 480, warrants are considered liability classified if the warrants
are mandatorily redeemable, obligate us to settle the warrants or the underlying shares by paying cash or other assets, and warrants
that must or may require settlement by issuing a variable number of shares. If warrants do not meet the liability classification under
ASC 480-10, we assess the requirements under ASC 815-40, which states that contracts that require or may require the issuer to settle
the contract for cash are liabilities recorded at fair value, irrespective of the likelihood of the transaction occurring that triggers
the net cash settlement feature. If the warrants do not require liability classification under ASC 815-40, in order to conclude equity
classification, we also assess whether the warrants are indexed to our common stock and whether the warrants are classified as equity
under ASC 815-40 or other U.S. GAAP. After all such assessments, we conclude whether the warrants are classified as liability or equity.
Liability classified warrants require fair value accounting at issuance and subsequent to initial issuance with all changes in fair value
after the issuance date recorded in the statements of operations. Equity classified warrants only require fair value accounting at issuance
with no changes recognized subsequent to the issuance date. We do not have any liability classified warrants as of any period presented.
See Note 5, Related Party Transactions to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional
information regarding warrants. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
recognize compensation expense related to employee stock option grants and other equity based awards, if any, in accordance with FASB
ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). 

We
use the Black-Scholes option pricing model for estimating the fair value of options granted under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 Incentive Plan ). The fair value of each restricted stock or restricted stock unit grant, if any, is determined based on
the value of the common stock granted or sold. We have elected to treat stock-based awards with time-based service conditions as a single
award and recognize stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 

Compensation
expense for non-employee stock-based awards is recognized in accordance with ASC 718. Stock option awards issued to non-employees, principally
consultants or outside contractors, as applicable, are accounted for at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Management
believes that the fair value of the stock options can more reliably be measured than the fair value of services received. We record compensation
expense based on the then-current fair values of the stock options at the grant date in accordance with ASU 2018-07, Compensation
 Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which simplifies the accounting
for non-employee share-based payment transactions. We adopted ASU 2018-07 on January 1, 2019. As we had one stock option grant issued
to a nonemployee as of the adoption date and one additional stock option grant during 2019 to the same nonemployee, the application of
the new standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Compensation expense for non-employee grants
is recorded on a straight-line basis in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Black-Scholes option pricing model requires us to make certain assumptions including the fair value of the underlying common stock, the
expected term, the expected volatility, the risk-free interest rate and the dividend yield. 

The
fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock options has historically been determined by our Board of Directors. Because
there was no public market for our common stock prior to November 29, 2018, our Board of Directors determined the fair value of the common
stock at the time of the grant of options prior to that date by considering a number of objective and subjective factors including contemporaneous
sales of our common stock to investors, valuation of comparable companies, operating and financial performance and general and industry-specific
economic outlook, amongst other factors. The fair value was determined in accordance with applicable elements of the practice aid issued
by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants titled Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation .
Since our common stock began publicly trading on the NYSE American, the fair value of our common stock underlying stock options has been
valued based on prevailing market prices. 

The
expected term of employee stock options represents the weighted-average period that the stock options are expected to remain outstanding.
We estimate the expected term of options granted based upon the simplified method provided under Staff Accounting Bulletin,
Topic 14, or SAB Topic 14. 

Because
our common stock had no publicly traded history prior to November 29, 2018, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we estimated
the expected volatility using our own stock price volatility to the extent applicable or a combination of our stock price volatility
and the stock price volatility of peer companies, for a period equal to the expected term of the options. The peer companies used include
selected public companies within the biotechnology industry with comparable characteristics to AgeX, including similarity in size, lines
of business, market capitalization, revenue and financial leverage. 

64 

The
risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on the United States government securities appropriate for the
expected term of our stock options. 

The
dividend yield assumption is based on our history and expectation of dividend payouts. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

All
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies from stock-based compensation awards accounted for under ASC 718 are recognized as an income
tax benefit or expense, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. An excess income tax benefit arises when the tax
deduction of a share-based award for income tax purposes exceeds the compensation cost recognized for financial reporting purposes, and
a tax deficiency arises when the compensation cost exceeds the tax deduction. 

Stock-based
compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consists of stock-based compensation under the Incentive Plan, and
stock-based compensation of AgeX s subsidiaries that have their own stock option plans. 

Our
consolidated subsidiary ReCyte Therapeutics and our former subsidiary LifeMap Sciences had their own share-based compensation plans.
For share-based compensation awards granted by those privately-held consolidated subsidiaries under their respective equity plans, we
determined the fair value of the options granted under those plans using similar methodologies and assumptions we used for our stock
options discussed above. None of our consolidated subsidiaries have granted stock options or other equity awards for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Although
the fair value of stock options is determined in accordance with FASB guidance, changes in the assumptions and allocations can materially
affect the estimated value and therefore the amount of compensation expense recognized in the consolidated financial statements. 

Income
Taxes 

As
of December 31, 2022, the deferred tax assets and liabilities presented in Note 9, Income Taxes included elsewhere in this Report,
including net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credits, represent the tax attributes of AgeX and its subsidiaries. 

We
account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, which prescribes the use of the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax
asset or liability account balances are calculated at the balance sheet date using current tax laws and enacted rates in effect. Valuation
allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a portion or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our judgments, estimates and projections regarding future taxable income may change over time
due to changes, among other factors, in market conditions, changes in tax laws, and tax planning strategies. If our assumptions and consequently
our estimates change in the future, the valuation allowance may be increased or decreased, which may have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements. 

The
guidance also prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
sustainable upon examination by taxing authorities. We provided a reserve against our federal and California research and development
credits generated. The carryforward amounts for these credits have been reported net of these reserves. Accordingly, no accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits have been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not expect that the total
amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. We are currently unaware of any tax issues under
review. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of control of a product or a service to a customer and reflects the amount of
the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for such product or service. In doing so, we follow a five-step approach: (i) identify
the contract with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv)
allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the customer obtains control of
the product or service. We consider the terms of a contract and all relevant facts and circumstances when applying the revenue recognition
standard. We apply the revenue recognition standard, including the use of any practical expedients, consistently to contracts with similar
characteristics and in similar circumstances. 

65 

Subscription
and advertisement revenues LifeMap Sciences sold subscription-based products, including research databases and software tools,
for biomedical, gene, and disease research. LifeMap Sciences sold these subscriptions primarily through the internet to biotech and pharmaceutical
companies worldwide. LifeMap Sciences principal subscription product was the GeneCards Suite, which includes the
GeneCards human gene database, and the MalaCards human disease database. 

LifeMap
Sciences performance obligations for subscriptions included a license of intellectual property related to its genetic information
packages and premium genetic information tools. These licenses were deemed functional licenses that provide customers with a right
to access to LifeMap Sciences intellectual property during the subscription period and, accordingly, revenue was recognized
over a period of time, which was generally the subscription period. Payments were typically received at the beginning of a subscription
period and revenue was recognized according to the type of subscription sold. For subscription contracts in which the subscription term
commenced before a payment was due, LifeMap Sciences recorded an account receivable because the subscription was earned over time and
billed the customer according to the contract terms. LifeMap Sciences deferred subscription revenues primarily represented subscriptions
for which cash payment was received for the subscription term, but the subscription term was not completed as of the balance sheet date
reported. 

LifeMap
Sciences licensed from third parties the databases and software it commercializes and had a contractual obligation to pay royalties to
the licensor on subscriptions sold. These costs were included in operating loss from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements
of operations when the cash was received and the royalty obligation was incurred, as the royalty payments do not qualify for capitalization
of costs to fulfill a contract under ASC 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs Contracts with Customers . 

LifeMap
Sciences did not generate sufficient revenues to meet its operating expenses. On March 15, 2021, LifeMap Sciences was acquired by a third
party in a cash-out merger. See Note 3, Disposition and Deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Report. 

Grant
revenues AgeX accounts for grants received to perform research and development services in accordance with ASC 730-20, Research
and Development Arrangements. At the inception of the grant, we perform an assessment as to whether the grant is a liability or a
contract to perform research and development services for others. If AgeX or a subsidiary receiving the grant is obligated to repay the
grant funds to the grantor regardless of the outcome of the research and development activities, then AgeX is required to estimate and
recognize that liability. Alternatively, if AgeX or a subsidiary receiving the grant is not required to repay, or if it is required to
repay the grant funds only if the research and development activities are successful, then the grant agreement is accounted for as a
contract to perform research and development services for others, in which case, grant revenue is recognized when the related research
and development expenses are incurred. 

In
applying the provisions of Topic 606, we have determined that government grants are out of the scope of Topic 606 because the government
entities do not meet the definition of a customer , as defined by Topic 606, as there is not considered to be a transfer
of control of good or services to the government entities funding the grant. In the absence of applicable guidance under U.S. GAAP, our
policy is to recognize grant revenue when the related costs are incurred, provided that the applicable conditions under the government
contracts have been met. Only costs that are allowable under the grant award, certain government regulations and the National Institutes
of Health s supplemental policy and procedure manual may be claimed for reimbursement, and the reimbursements are subject to routine
audits from governmental agencies from time to time. Costs incurred are recorded in research and development expenses on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

On
April 8, 2020, we were awarded a grant of up to approximately 386,000 from the NIH. The NIH grant provides funding for continued development
of our technologies for treating stroke. The grant funds were made available by the NIH as allowable expenses were incurred. We recognized
no grant revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 as we had expended the full amount available under this grant as of December 31,
2021. 

ESI
BIO research products Through ESI BIO, our research product division, we market a number of products related to human pluripotent
stem cells, including research-grade PSC lines and PSC lines produced under current good manufacturing practices or cGMP. 
We offer cells from PSC lines to customers under contracts that permit the customers to utilize PSC lines for the research, development,
and commercialization of cell-based therapies or other products in defined fields of application. The compensation to us for providing
the PSC line cells under such contracts may include up-front payments, milestone payments related to product development, regulatory
matters, and commercialization, and the payment of royalties on sales of products developed from our PSC lines. Revenues from the sale
of research products are included in other revenues. 

Arrangements
with multiple performance obligations Future contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such
arrangements, we will allocate revenue to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. We generally determine
or estimate standalone selling prices based on the prices charged, or that would be charged, to customers for that product or service.
As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have significant arrangements with multiple performance obligations. 

66 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and related benefits, stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible
assets, and collaborative and contracted research and development fees. Research and development costs which have an alternative future
use will be capitalized as intangible assets, and costs with no future benefit or alternative use will be expensed as incurred. Research
and development expenses incurred and reimbursed by grants from third parties approximate the grant revenues recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses include employee and director compensation allocated to general and administrative expenses, consulting fees
other than those paid for science-related consulting, license fees paid to third parties to acquire patents or licenses to use patents
and other technology, professional fees to maintain patents and trademarks, minimum annual royalties stipulated under license and sublicense
agreements with third parties, insurance costs allocated to general and administrative expenses, stock exchange-related costs, depreciation
expense, marketing costs, legal and accounting costs, office rent, and other miscellaneous expenses which are allocated to general and
administrative expense. 

Impact
of COVID-19 pandemic 

The
global outbreak of the coronavirus COVID-19, and the various attempts throughout the world to contain it, have created significant volatility,
uncertainty and disruption. In response to government directives and guidelines, health care advisories and employee and other concerns,
we have altered certain aspects of our operations. A number of our employees have had to work remotely from home and those on site have
had to follow our social distance guidelines, which could impact their productivity. COVID-19 could also disrupt our operations due to
absenteeism by infected or ill members of management or other employees, or absenteeism by members of management and other employees
who cannot effectively work remotely but who elect not to come to work due to the illness affecting others in our office or in the laboratory
facilities of third parties undertaking research work for us, or due to quarantines. COVID-19 illness could also impact members of our
Board of Directors resulting in absenteeism from meetings of the directors or committees of directors and making it more difficult to
convene the quorums of the full Board of Directors or its committees needed to conduct meetings for the management of our affairs. 

The
completion of work at the University of California at Irvine (UCI) under our Sponsored Research Agreement for the derivation of neural
stem cells was slowed by COVID-19 safety procedures. We could experience similar delays under future out-sourced research arrangements. 

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses might impact our business, operations and financial results in the
future will depend on numerous evolving factors that we will not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of
the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic;
and the availability, effectiveness, and cost to access to current or future COVID-19 tests, vaccines and therapies. Due to the uncertain
scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain timing of any recovery or normalization, we are currently unable to estimate
the resulting impacts on our operations and financial results. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19
pandemic and may take further actions that alter our operations, as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities,
or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, any customers and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential effects
any such alterations or modifications may have on our business, including the effects on our financial results. 

Financial
Operations Overview 

Up
until our disposition of LifeMap Sciences, our revenues were principally derived from subscription and advertising revenues from LifeMap
Sciences online databases based upon applicable subscription or advertising periods. LifeMap Sciences was acquired by a third
party through a cash-out merger during March 2021 and, as a result of that merger transaction, we no longer own interest in LifeMap Sciences
and will no longer recognize any post-merger revenues attributable to LifeMap Sciences business. We do not have any therapeutic
products approved for sale and have generated insignificant revenues from commercialized product sales, and we do not expect to generate
any significant revenues from product sales for the foreseeable future. 

Our
operating expenses consist of research and development expenses primarily from our pre-clinical programs and general and administrative
expenses. Since the layoffs of mostly research personnel in April 2020, research and development work have been scaled back and contracted
out to third party service providers within the newly imposed budgetary constraints under the 2020 Loan Agreement and Secured Note. Accordingly,
the historical amounts of expense presented and discussed in this Report are likely not going to be indicative of expenses during future
periods. 

67 

Results
of Operations 

The
following comparisons exclude the impact of the operations of LifeMap Sciences which have been presented in our consolidated financial
results as discontinued operations. See Note 3, Disposition and Deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of discontinued operations. 

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues
and Cost of Sales 

The
amounts in the table below show our consolidated revenues by source and cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
(in thousands). 

Year
 Ended December 31, 
 
 +Increase/ 
 
 +Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 -Decrease 
 -Decrease 
 
 Grant revenues 
 - 
 104 
 -104 
 -100.0 
 
 Other revenues 
 34 
 40 
 -6 
 -15.0 
 
 Total revenues 
 34 
 144 
 -110 
 -76.4 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (13) 
 (19) 
 -6 
 -31.6 
 
 Gross profit 
 21 
 125 
 -104 
 -83.2 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized income of approximately 104,000 from a grant awarded by the NIH. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we did not recognize any grant revenues as we had expended the full amount available under the NIH grant as of December
31, 2021. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 34,000 and 40,000, respectively, from the sale of research products. Revenues
from the sale of research products are included in other revenues. 

Operating
Expenses 

We
have maintained a minimal work force since the May 1, 2020 reduction in force which resulted in the layoff of most of our research and
development personnel and certain administrative personnel. The following table shows our consolidated operating expenses for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 

Year
 Ended December 31, 
 
 +Increase/ 
 
 +Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 -Decrease 
 -Decrease 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 1,025 
 1,456 
 -431 
 -29.6 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,971 
 6,708 
 -737 
 -11.0 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by more than 0.4 million to 1.0 million as compared to approximately
 1.5 million in 2021. The net decrease was primarily attributable to decreases of: 0.2 million in scientific consulting; 0.1 million
in outside research and services expenses; 0.1 million in fees incurred related to sponsored research agreement with a university; and
 0.1 million in cash and noncash stock-based compensation expense to employees. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 0.7 million to 6.0 million as compared to 6.7 million
in 2021. The net decrease is attributable to decreases of 0.4 million in consulting expenses, 0.2 million in professional fees for
legal services, 0.2 million in annual minimum royalties due under license agreements and patent and license maintenance related fees
and 0.1 million in noncash stock-based compensation expense to directors. These decreases were offset to some extent by increases of
 0.1 million in insurance expense and 0.1 million in professional fees for tax and accounting services. 

Other
Expense, Net 

Other
expense, net in 2022 consists primarily of 3.3 million of amortization of deferred debt issuance costs on loans from Juvenescence
to interest expense, and 0.2 million change in fair value of warrants issued to Juvenescence in connection
with borrowings under the Secured Note. Other expense, net in 2021 consists primarily of 1.1 million of amortization of deferred
debt issuance costs on loans from Juvenescence to interest expense offset by approximately 437,000 of gain recognized upon
forgiveness of our Paycheck Protection Program loan indebtedness PPP Loan on February 19, 2021. See Notes 5, Related
Party Transactions and 6, Warrant Liability to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report
for additional information about our loan agreements with Juvenescence and liability classified warrants. 

68 

Income
Taxes 

Beginning
in 2018, the 2017 Tax Act subjects a U.S. stockholder to tax on Global Intangible Low Tax Income GILTI earned by certain
foreign subsidiaries. In general, GILTI is the excess of a U.S. shareholder s total net foreign income over a deemed return on
tangible assets. The provision further allows a deduction of 50 of GILTI, however this deduction is limited to the company s pre-GILTI
U.S. income. For the year ended December 31, 2021, AgeX s foreign entity operated at a loss; therefore, no GILTI was included in
income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no income or loss related to foreign activities as the entity deconsolidated
from AgeX on March 15, 2021. Current interpretations under ASC 740 state that an entity can make an accounting policy election to either
recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or to provide for the tax expense
related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred as a period expense. We have elected to account for GILTI as a current period expense
when incurred. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced a domestic loss from continuing operations therefore, no income tax provision was recorded
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 52.8 million for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In
general, NOLs and other tax credit carryforwards generated by legal entities in a consolidated federal tax group are available to other
members of the tax group depending on the nature of the transaction that a member may enter into while still in the consolidated federal
tax group. However, under the Tax Matters Agreement between Lineage and AgeX, any use of a member s NOLs and other tax credit carryforwards
by the other member is subject to reimbursement by the benefiting member for the actual tax benefit realized. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had net operating losses of approximately 14.9 million for California purposes. 

Federal
net operating losses generated on or prior to December 31, 2017, expire in varying amounts between 2028 and 2037, while federal net operating
losses generated after December 31, 2017, carryforward indefinitely. The state net operating losses expire in varying amounts between
2028 and 2042. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had research and development tax credit carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of 0.9 million and
 0.6 million, respectively. The federal tax credits expire between 2028 and 2042, while the state tax credits have no expiration date. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had capital loss carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of 12.4 million and 5.9 million, respectively.
The federal and California capital loss carryforwards will expire in 2026. 

A
valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
We established a full valuation allowance for all periods presented due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from its
net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Operating
Losses and Going Concern Considerations 

We
have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows since inception and had an accumulated deficit of 116.2 million as of December
31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows. 

We
have made certain adjustments to our operating plans and budgets to reduce our projected cash expenditures in order to extend the period
over which we can continue our operations with our available cash resources. These adjustments entailed down-sizing of our leased office
space effective January 1, 2021, a staff force reduction during 2020, primarily impacting research and development personnel, and the
elimination of our leased laboratory facility. These down-sizing adjustments to our operations will require the deferral of certain work
on the development of our product candidates and technologies. However, notwithstanding those adjustments, based on our most recent projected
cash flows, our cash and cash equivalents and potential additional loans that may become available to us from Juvenescence under the
2022 Secured Note, and the proceeds we may receive from the sale of additional shares of our common stock in at-the-market 
transactions through a Sales Agreement with Chardan as a sales agent, would not be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated operating and
other funding requirements for the next twelve months from the date of filing of this Report. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding
our ability to continue as a going concern. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Report for additional information about our loan agreements with Juvenescence. We will need to raise additional capital
in the near term to be able to meet our operating expenses. 

69 

As
of March 20, 2023, we had borrowed a total of 32,160,000 from Juvenescence. The loans from Juvenescence prohibit us and our subsidiaries
ReCyte Therapeutics and Reverse Bio from borrowing funds from other lenders or engaging in certain other transactions without the consent
of Juvenescence unless we repay all amounts owed to Juvenescence, except that Reverse Bio may borrow fund through convertible debt and
the borrowing restrictions will lapse as to Reverse Bio if it raises more than 15 million in debt or equity capital by May 15, 2023.
AgeX has granted Juvenescence a security interest and lien on substantially all of AgeX s assets to secure AgeX s obligations
for the Secured Note and 10 Million Secured Note loans. The outstanding amounts under the 2020 Loan Agreement, the Secured Note, and
the 10 Million Secured Note will become due and payable upon maturity on March 30, 2024, February 14, 2024, and March 13, 2026, respectively.
These factors and the impact of potential dilution through the issuance of shares of our common stock upon the conversion of the Juvenescence
loans into AgeX common stock and the exercise of warrants issued or issuable to Juvenescence in connection with the loans made to us
could make AgeX less attractive to new equity investors and could impair our ability to finance our operations or the operations of our
subsidiaries unless Juvenescence agrees, in its discretion, to lend us funds. 

We
may sell up to 12.1 million of common stock in at-the-market transactions through a Sales Agreement with Chardan. The
actual market value of common shares that we may sell during any 12 month period will be limited to one-third of aggregate market value
of our common stock held by stockholders that would not be considered affiliates of AgeX, determined in accordance with
applicable SEC rules. We do not have any other committed sources of funds for additional financing. 

Although
we have been able to reduce our operating expenses by eliminating internal research and development activities and focusing instead on
out-sourcing research and development and seeking licensing arrangements for our technologies, this approach has also made it more difficult
for us to make progress in developing our target product candidates and technologies, which in turn may make it more difficult for us
to raise capital. 

The
availability of financing for AgeX may be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic which could depress national and international
economies and disrupt capital markets, supply chains, and aspects of our operations. The extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic
will ultimately impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows is highly uncertain and difficult to predict
because it will depend on many factors that are outside our control. The unavailability or inadequacy of financing to meet future capital
needs could force us to modify, curtail, delay, or suspend some or all aspects of planned operations. 

To
the extent that we are able to raise additional capital through the sale of AgeX equity or convertible debt securities or the sale of
equity or convertible debt securities of any of our subsidiaries, the ownership interest of our present stockholders will be diluted,
and the terms of any securities we or our subsidiaries issue may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights
of our common stockholders. Additional debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends, and may
involve the issuance of convertible debt or stock purchase warrants that would dilute the equity interests of our stockholders. If we
raise funds through additional strategic partnerships or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable
rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not
be favorable to us. 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

The
following table summarizes the major sources and uses of cash for the periods set forth below (in thousands): 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities
 from continuing operations 
 (5,939) 
 (7,765) 
 
 Operating activities from
 discontinued operations 
 - 
 (90) 
 
 Investing activities from
 continuing operations 
 - 
 716 
 
 Investing activities from
 discontinued operations 
 - 
 (50) 
 
 Financing activities from
 continuing operations 
 6,000 
 7,496 
 
 Financing
 activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 (250) 
 
 Net change in cash,
 cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 61 
 57 

70 

Operating
Activities 

Net
loss attributable to us for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 10.5 million. Net cash used in operating activities from continuing
operations during this period amounted to 5.9 million. The difference between the net loss attributable to us and net cash used in operating
activities from continuing operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to 3.3 million in amortization
of intangible assets and deferred debt issuance costs, 1.1 million net change in working capital from operating activities, 0.8 million
in stock-based compensation expense, 0.2 million loss on change in fair value of warrants, and more than 0.2 million in related
party payables. These amounts were offset to some extent by 1.0 million of financed insurance premiums and 0.1 million in net loss
attributable to noncontrolling interest. See Notes 5, Related Party Transactions and 6, Warrant Liability to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information about our loan agreements with Juvenescence and liability
classified warrants. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, AgeX had no investing activities. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations amounted to 6.0 million, which
was attributable to the 0.5 million drawn against the final remaining funds available under the 2020 Loan Agreement and the 12.7 million
drawn against the 13.2 million made available under the Secured Note entered into with Juvenescence in February 2022 of which 7.2 million
was used to refinance the 7.0 million outstanding principal amount of the loans and a 160,000 origination fee due under the 2019 Loan
Agreement, as amended. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Report for additional information about our loan agreements with Juvenescence. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a) (4) (ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

71 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

AgeX
Therapeutics, Inc. 

 Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page
 Number 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB
 ID: 
 73 
 
 Audited
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 75 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 76 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 77 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 78 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 79 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 80 

72 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 AgeX
Therapeutics, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1, the Company has had recurring losses and negative operating cash flows since inception, an accumulated deficit at December
31, 2022, and insufficient cash and cash equivalents and loan proceeds at December 31, 2022 to fund operations for twelve months from
the date of issuance. All of these matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements; and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Intangible
Assets Impairment Assessment Long-Lived Intangible Assets 

Description
of the Matter 

As
described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s long-lived net intangible assets, which consisted primarily
of patents and acquired in-process research and development, had a balance of 0.7 million as of December 31, 2022. 

73 

Long-lived
intangible assets are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amounts of the assets
may not be recoverable. Recoverability of a long-lived intangible asset that will continue to be used in the Company s operations
is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the forecasted undiscounted future cash flows related to the asset. 

Auditing
the Company s impairment analysis of its long-lived intangible assets is complex because of the significant judgment used by management
in the identification of events that suggest an asset group may not be recoverable, and the highly subjective assumptions used by management
in the impairment testing process. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the
consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of and evaluating
management s process for identifying potential impairment events; evaluating the appropriateness of the cash flow model used
in the impairment testing process; testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of underlying data used in the model; and
evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management, including the future cash flow projections. We
evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions for future cash flow projections in consideration of (i) the current
and past performance of the asset group, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, (iii) peer companies and (iv)
whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB
 ID Number 

74 

AGEX
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 In
thousands, except par value amounts 

2022 
 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts and grants receivable,
 net 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash 

Intangible assets, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities 

Loan due to Juvenescence,
 net of debt issuance costs, current portion 

Related party payables,
 net 

Warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Insurance
 premium liability and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Loan due to Juvenescence,
 net of debt issuance costs, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par
 value, and shares authorized, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Total AgeX Therapeutics,
 Inc. stockholders deficit 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Noncontrolling
 interest 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Total stockholders 
 deficit 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

75 

AGEX
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In
thousands, except per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

Grant revenues 
 - 

Other
 revenues 

Total revenues 

Cost of sales 
 ) 
 ) 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Gain on deconsolidation
 of LifeMap Sciences (Note 3) 
 - 

Loss from operations 
 ) 
 ) 

OTHER EXPENSE, NET 

Interest expense, net 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants (Note 6) 
 ) 
 - 
 
 Other
 income, net 

Total
 other expense, net 
 ) 
 ) 

NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING
 OPERATIONS 
 ) 
 ) 

NET
 LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Note 3) 
 - 
 ) 

NET LOSS 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net loss attributable to
 noncontrolling interest from continuing operations 

Net
 loss attributable to noncontrolling interest from discontinued operations 
 - 

NET
 LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO AGEX 
 ) 
 ) 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

BASIC AND DILUTED 

NET
 LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 

Continuing operations 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Discontinued
 operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss per shares, basic and diluted 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 WEIGHTED-AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

BASIC
 AND DILUTED 

AMOUNTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO AGEX: 

Loss from continuing operations 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Loss
 from discontinued operations 
 - 
 ) 
 
 NET
 LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO AGEX 
 ) 
 ) 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

76 

AGEX
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (In
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 NET LOSS 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Other comprehensive expense,
 net of tax: 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments from discontinued operations 
 - 
 ) 
 
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Less: Comprehensive loss
 attributable to noncontrolling interest from continuing operations 

Less:
 Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest from discontinued operations 
 - 

COMPREHENSIVE
 LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO AGEX COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 
 ) 
 ) 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

77 

AGEX
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (In
thousands) 

Number of
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Stockholders Deficit 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 

Accumulated Other 
 Total 

Number of
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Stockholders Deficit 
 
 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 

) 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Issuance of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted
 stock units, net of shares retired to pay employee s taxes 
 
 - 
 ) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Issuance of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Transactions with noncontrolling interests
 LifeMap Sciences 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Fair value of liability classified warrants issued 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

) 
 ) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Balance 

- 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted
 stock units, net of shares retired to pay employee s taxes 
 
 - 
 ) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Issuance
 of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fair value of liability classified warrants
 issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 BALANCE AT DECEMBER
 31, 2022 

) 
 ) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Balance 

- 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

78 

AGEX
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss attributable to AgeX from
 continuing operations 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss attributable
 to AgeX to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on deconsolidation
 of LifeMap Sciences (Note 3) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment
 of debt (Paycheck Protection Program loan) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Change
 in fair value of warrants (Note 6) 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of intangible
 assets 

Amortization of debt issuance
 costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts and grants receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities 
 
 ) 
 
 Related party payables 
 
 - 
 
 Insurance premium liability 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Other
 current liabilities 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in operating
 activities from continuing operations 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations (Note 3) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in operating
 activities 
 ) 
 ) 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from the sale
 of LifeMap Sciences (Note 3) 
 - 

Partial
 collection on loan due from LifeMap Sciences 
 - 

Net cash provided by investing
 activities from continuing operations 
 - 

Deconsolidation
 of cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations (Note 3) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by
 investing activities 
 - 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Draw down on loan facilities
 from Juvenescence 

Proceeds
 from the issuance of common stock 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing
 activities from continuing operations 

Partial
 payment on loan due to AgeX from discontinued operations (Note 3) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by
 financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH, CASH
 EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND
 RESTRICTED CASH: 

At
 beginning of the year 

At
 end of the year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year
 for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH FINANCING
 AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of common stock
 upon vesting of restricted stock units (Note 8) 

Issuance of warrants for
 debt issuance under the 2020 Loan Agreement 

Issuance of warrants for
 debt issuance under the Secured Note (Note 6) 
 
 - 
 
 Debt refinanced with new
 debt (Note 5) 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

79 

AGEX
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock of AgeX owned by Lineage to Juvenescence Limited Juvenescence ).
Prior to the transaction, Juvenescence owned of AgeX s issued and outstanding common stock. Upon completion of the transaction,
Lineage s ownership in AgeX was reduced from to of AgeX s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, and
Juvenescence s ownership in AgeX was increased from to of AgeX s issued and outstanding shares of common stock.
AgeX did not receive any proceeds from the transaction. As a result of that transaction, AgeX ceased to be a subsidiary of Lineage because
Lineage experienced a loss of control of a subsidiary, as defined by U.S. GAAP. Loss of control is deemed to have occurred
when, among other things, a parent company owns less than a majority of the outstanding common stock in the subsidiary, lacks a controlling
financial interest in the subsidiary and, is unable to unilaterally control the subsidiary through other means such as having, or being
able to obtain, the power to elect a majority of the subsidiary s Board of Directors based solely on contractual rights or ownership
of shares holding a majority of the voting power of the subsidiary s voting securities. All of these loss-of-control factors were
present with respect to Lineage s ownership interest in AgeX as of August 30, 2018. Accordingly, Lineage deconsolidated AgeX s
consolidated financial statements and results from its consolidated financial statements and results beginning on August 30, 2018. 

On
November 28, 2018 (the Distribution Date ), Lineage distributed to its shareholders, on a pro rata basis, shares
of the AgeX common stock it then held (the Distribution ). Immediately after the Distribution, Lineage retained 
shares of AgeX common stock, representing approximately of the common stock then issued and outstanding. Following the Distribution,
AgeX common stock began publicly trading on the NYSE American under the symbol AGE. 

Disposition
and Deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences 

On
March 6, 2021, AgeX and its then majority-owned subsidiary LifeMap Sciences, Inc. LifeMap Sciences entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the LifeMap Merger Agreement with Atlas Capital Partners Limited, a British Virgin Islands company
limited by shares Atlas ), and GCLMS Acquisition Corporation GCLMS ), a Delaware corporation that was a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Atlas. On March 15, 2021, the merger was completed pursuant to the terms of the LifeMap Merger Agreement. As a result of
the merger, GCLMS merged into LifeMap Sciences and (a) the shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock outstanding at the time of the merger
entitled the holders of those shares to receive a pro rata portion of a cash payment for all shares of LifeMap Sciences common
stock in the aggregate (the LifeMap Merger Consideration ), with each LifeMap Sciences shareholder s pro rata portion
of the LifeMap Merger Consideration to be determined in accordance with the number of shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock owned by
such shareholder as a percentage of shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock outstanding immediately before the effective date of the
merger, and (b) the outstanding shares of GCLMS common stock were converted into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock so that Atlas
is now the sole shareholder of LifeMap Sciences. 

AgeX
received approximately in cash as its pro rata share of the LifeMap Merger Consideration in the merger. Prior to and as a condition
to the merger under the terms of the LifeMap Merger Agreement, of LifeMap Sciences indebtedness to AgeX was converted
into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock. LifeMap Sciences also paid AgeX in cash to pay off a portion of LifeMap Sciences 
indebtedness to AgeX that was not converted into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock. 

As
a result of the completion of the cash-out merger on March 15, 2021, LifeMap Sciences is no longer a subsidiary of AgeX. Accordingly,
AgeX has deconsolidated LifeMap Sciences consolidated financial statements and consolidated results of operations from AgeX, effective
March 15, 2021 (the LifeMap Deconsolidation ), in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810-10-40, Consolidation . 

See
Note 3, Disposition and Deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences for additional information regarding the disposition and deconsolidation
of LifeMap Sciences. 

Going
Concern 

AgeX
primarily finances its operations through loans from its largest stockholder Juvenescence. AgeX has incurred operating losses and negative
cash flows since inception and had an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2022. AgeX expects to continue to incur
operating losses and negative cash flows. 

Based
on a strategic review of its operations, giving consideration to the status of its product development programs, human resources, capital
needs and resources, and current conditions in the capital markets, AgeX s board of directors and management have adopted operating
plans and budgets to extend the period over which AgeX can continue its operations with its available cash resources. Notwithstanding
those operating plans and budgets, based on AgeX s most recent projected cash flows AgeX believes that its cash and cash equivalents
of million
as of December 31, 2022 plus the loan facilities provided by Juvenescence to advance up to an additional 
 million for operating capital discussed in Note
11, Subsequent Events and the proceeds we may receive from the sale of additional shares of our common stock in at-the-market 
transactions through a Sales Agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan as a sales agent, would not be sufficient
to satisfy AgeX s anticipated operating and other funding requirements for the next twelve months from the issuance of these consolidated
financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about AgeX s ability to continue as a going concern. AgeX will need
to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with its continuing operations. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements of AgeX are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. AgeX s consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of its subsidiaries and certain research and development departments. AgeX consolidated its direct and indirect
wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries because AgeX has the ability to control their operating and financial decisions and policies
through its ownership, and the noncontrolling interest is reflected as a separate element of stockholders deficit on AgeX s
consolidated balance sheets. 

AgeX s
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 do not include LifeMap Sciences consolidated assets and liabilities
due to the deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences on March 15, 2021. LifeMap Sciences consolidated financial statements and consolidated
results of operations include its wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary, LifeMap Sciences, Ltd. 

AgeX s
consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 include LifeMap Sciences consolidated results for the
period through March 15, 2021 rather than the day immediately preceding the deconsolidation due to the conversion of of LifeMap
Sciences indebtedness to AgeX into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock on March 15, 2021 followed by the completion of the
cash-out merger on the same day. 

AgeX
has three subsidiaries, Reverse Bioengineering, Inc. Reverse Bio ), ReCyte Therapeutics, Inc. ReCyte ), and
NeuroAirmid Therapeutics, Inc. NeuroAirmid ). Reverse Bio is a wholly owned subsidiary of AgeX through which AgeX plans
to finance its iTR TM research and development efforts. To the extent that such financing is obtained through the sale of capital
stock or other equity securities to investors or other biopharma companies by Reverse Bio, AgeX s equity interest in Reverse Bio
and its iTR TM business would be diluted. ReCyte is an early stage pre-clinical research and development company involved in
stem cell-derived endothelial and cardiovascular related progenitor cells for the treatment of vascular disorders and ischemic conditions.
AgeX owns of the outstanding capital stock of ReCyte. NeuroAirmid is jointly owned by AgeX with the University of California 
Irvine and certain researchers and was recently organized to pursue clinical development and commercialization of cell therapies, focusing
initially on Huntington s Disease. AgeX owns of the outstanding capital stock of NeuroAirmid. AgeX consolidates NeuroAirmid
despite not having majority ownership interest as it has the ability to influence decision making and financial results through contractual
rights and obligations as per ASC 810, Consolidation . 

All
material intercompany accounts and transactions between AgeX and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period with consideration given to materiality.
Significant estimates and assumptions which are subject to significant judgment include those related to going concern assessment of
consolidated financial statements, allocations and adjustments necessary for carve-out basis of presentation, including the separate
return method for income taxes, useful lives associated with long-lived assets, including evaluation of asset impairment, allowances
for uncollectible accounts receivables, loss contingencies, deferred income taxes and tax reserves, including valuation allowances related
to deferred income taxes, and assumptions used to value stock-based awards or other equity instruments and liability classified warrants.
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and
actual results, AgeX s future results of operations will be affected. See Note 6, Warrant Liability for discussion on estimated change in fair value of warrant liability. 

Transactions
with Noncontrolling Interests of Subsidiaries 

AgeX
accounts for a change in ownership interests in its subsidiaries that does not result in a change of control of the subsidiary under
the provisions of ASC 810-10-45-23, Consolidation Other Presentation Matters, which prescribes the accounting for changes
in ownership interest that do not result in a change in control of the subsidiary, as defined by U.S. GAAP, before and after the transaction.
Under this guidance, changes in a controlling stockholder s ownership interest that do not result in a change of control, as defined
by U.S. GAAP, in the subsidiary are accounted for as equity transactions. Accordingly, if the controlling stockholder retains control,
no gain or loss is recognized in the statements of operations of the controlling stockholder. Similarly, the controlling stockholder
will not record any additional acquisition adjustments to reflect its subsequent purchases of additional shares in the subsidiary if
there is no change of control. Only a proportional and immediate transfer of carrying value between the controlling and the noncontrolling
stockholders occurs based on the respective ownership percentages. 

Liquidity
and Impact of COVID-19 

In
addition to general economic and capital market trends and conditions, AgeX s ability to raise sufficient additional capital to
finance its operations from time to time will depend on a number of factors specific to AgeX s operations such as operating expenses
and progress in out-licensing its technologies and development of its product candidates. Although AgeX has been able to reduce its operating
expenses by eliminating internal research and development activities and focusing instead on out-sourcing research and development and
seeking licensing arrangements for AgeX technologies, this approach has also made it more difficult for AgeX to make progress in developing
its target product candidates and technologies, which in turn may make it more difficult for AgeX to raise capital. The availability
of financing also may be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic which disrupt aspects of AgeX s operations. The extent to
which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic will ultimately impact AgeX s business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash
flows is highly uncertain and difficult to predict because it will depend on many factors that are outside AgeX s control. The
unavailability or inadequacy of financing to meet future capital needs could force AgeX to modify, curtail, delay, or suspend some or
all aspects of planned operations. Sales of additional equity securities could result in the dilution of the interests of its stockholders.
AgeX cannot assure that adequate financing will be available on favorable terms, if at all. 

There
were no warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2021. See Note 6, Warrant Liability for additional information on accounting
for liability classified warrants and level 3 rollforward table. 

In
determining fair value, AgeX utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs to the extent possible, and also considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. For the periods presented,
AgeX has no financial assets recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, except for cash and cash equivalents primarily consisting of
money market funds. These assets are measured at fair value using the period-end quoted market prices as a Level 1 input. 

The
carrying amounts of accounts receivable, net, prepaid expenses and other current assets, related party amounts due to affiliates, accounts
payable, accrued liabilities and other current liabilities approximate fair values because of the short-term nature of these items. 

The
accounting guidance establishes a hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of quoted market prices and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs. An asset or liability s level is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
measurement. Fair value estimates are reviewed at the origination date and again at each applicable measurement date and interim or annual
financial reporting dates, as applicable for the financial instrument, and are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information
available to management at those times. 

The
methods and significant inputs and assumptions utilized in estimating the fair value of the warrant liabilities, as well as the respective
hierarchy designations, are discussed further in Note 6, Warrant Liability . The warrant liability measurement is considered a
Level 3 measurement based on the availability of market data and inputs and the significance of any unobservable inputs as of the measurement
date. 

million and million, respectively, and consist entirely of bank account
deposits and amounts held in money market funds. 

Restricted
 cash (1) 

Cash, cash equivalents,
 and restricted cash as shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

(1) 

years (see Note 4, Selected Balance Sheet Components ). 

On
November 3, 2020, AgeX entered into a one-year lease effective January 1, 2021 for square feet of office space in a building in an
office and research park in Alameda, California. Base monthly rent was over the lease term. AgeX renewed this lease for 12 months
effective January 1, 2022 for base monthly rent of . In October 2022, AgeX entered into a new 12 month lease for a slightly less
space in the same building effective January 1, 2023 for base monthly rent of . AgeX elected to not apply the recognition requirements
under ASC 842 and instead recognized the lease payments as lease costs on a straight-line basis over the lease term, as the amount of
the lease payments were not deemed material. 

Bulletin,
Topic 14, or SAB Topic 14. 

Because
AgeX s common stock has public trading history of fewer than five years, AgeX has estimated the expected volatility using its own
stock price volatility to the extent applicable or a combination of its stock price volatility and the stock price volatility of peer
companies, for a period equal to the expected term of the options, which may exceed five years. The peer companies used include selected
public companies within the biotechnology industry with comparable characteristics to AgeX, including similarity in size, lines of business,
market capitalization, revenue and financial leverage. 

The
risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on the United States government securities appropriate for the
expected term of AgeX s stock options. 

The
dividend yield assumption is based on AgeX s history and expectation of dividend payouts. AgeX has never declared or paid any cash
dividends on its common stock, and AgeX does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

All
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies from stock-based compensation awards accounted for under ASC 718 are recognized as an income
tax benefit or expense, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. An excess income tax benefit arises when the tax
deduction of a share-based award for income tax purposes exceeds the compensation cost recognized for financial reporting purposes and,
a tax deficiency arises when the compensation cost exceeds the tax deduction. 

Stock-based
compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consists of stock-based compensation under the AgeX 2017 Equity Incentive
Plan (see Note 8, Stock-Based Awards ). 

Certain
of AgeX s consolidated subsidiaries have had their own share-based compensation plans; however, there are no awards granted and
outstanding under those plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. For share-based compensation awards granted by privately held consolidated
subsidiaries under their respective equity plans, AgeX determines the fair value of the options granted under those plans using similar
methodologies and assumptions AgeX used for its stock options discussed above. 

Although
the fair value of stock options and restricted stock units is determined in accordance with FASB guidance, changes in the assumptions
and allocations can materially affect the estimated value and therefore the amount of compensation expense recognized in the consolidated
financial statements. 

of GILTI, however this deduction is limited to the company s pre-GILTI
U.S. income. For the year ended December 31, 2021, AgeX s foreign entity operated at a loss; therefore, no GILTI was included in
income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no income or loss related to foreign activity as the entity deconsolidated from
AgeX on March 15, 2021. Current interpretations under ASC 740 state that an entity can make an accounting policy election to either recognize
deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or to provide for the tax expense related
to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred as a period expense. We have elected to account for GILTI as a current period expense when incurred. 

Other revenues 

Total
 revenues 

Foreign 

Total
 revenues 

Subscription
and advertisement revenues LifeMap Sciences sold subscription-based products, including research databases and software tools,
for biomedical, gene, and disease research. LifeMap Sciences sold these subscriptions primarily through the internet to biotech and pharmaceutical
companies worldwide. LifeMap Sciences principal subscription product was the GeneCards Suite, which includes the
GeneCards human gene database, and the MalaCards human disease database. LifeMap Sciences performance obligations
for subscriptions included a license of intellectual property related to its genetic information packages and premium genetic information
tools. These licenses were deemed functional licenses that provide customers with a right to access to LifeMap Sciences 
intellectual property during the subscription period and, accordingly, revenue was recognized over a period of time, which was generally
the subscription period. Payments were typically received at the beginning of a subscription period and revenue was recognized according
to the type of subscription sold. For subscription contracts in which the subscription term commenced before a payment was due, LifeMap
Sciences recorded an account receivable because the subscription was earned over time and billed the customer according to the contract
terms. LifeMap Sciences deferred subscription revenues primarily represented subscriptions for which cash payment was received for the
subscription term, but the subscription term was not completed as of the balance sheet date reported. 

LifeMap
Sciences licensed from third parties the databases and software it commercialized and had a contractual obligation to pay royalties to
the licensor on subscriptions sold. These costs were included in operating loss from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements
of operations when the cash was received and the royalty obligation was incurred as the royalty payments did not qualify for capitalization
of costs to fulfill a contract under ASC 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs - Contracts with Customers . 

LifeMap
Sciences recognized million in subscription and advertisement revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in
operating loss from discontinued operations, and is for revenues earned through March 15, 2021. As a result of the LifeMap Deconsolidation,
AgeX does not expect to earn subscription and advertising revenues in subsequent accounting periods. See Note 3, Disposition and Deconsolidation
of LifeMap Sciences for further information on the disposition and deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences. 

Grant
revenues AgeX accounts for grants received to perform research and development services in accordance with ASC 730-20, Research
and Development Arrangements. At the inception of the grant, we perform an assessment as to whether the grant is a liability or a
contract to perform research and development services for others. If AgeX or a subsidiary receiving the grant is obligated to repay the
grant funds to the grantor regardless of the outcome of the research and development activities, then AgeX is required to estimate and
recognize that liability. Alternatively, if AgeX or a subsidiary receiving the grant is not required to repay, or if it is required to
repay the grant funds only if the research and development activities are successful, then the grant agreement is accounted for as a
contract to perform research and development services for others, in which case, grant revenue is recognized when the related research
and development expenses are incurred. 

In
applying the provisions of Topic 606, AgeX has determined that government grants are out of the scope of Topic 606 because the government
entities do not meet the definition of a customer , as defined by Topic 606, as there is not considered to be a transfer
of control of good or services to the government entities funding the grant. In the absence of applicable guidance under U.S. GAAP, our
policy is to recognize grant revenue when the related costs are incurred, provided that the applicable conditions under the government
contracts have been met. Only costs that are allowable under the grant award, certain government regulations and the National Institutes
of Health s supplemental policy and procedure manual may be claimed for reimbursement, and the reimbursements are subject to routine
audits from governmental agencies from time to time. Costs incurred are recorded in research and development expenses on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

On
April 8, 2020, AgeX was awarded a grant of up to approximately from the National Institutes of Health NIH ). The
NIH grant provided funding for continued development of AgeX s technologies for treating stroke. The grant funds were made available
by the NIH to AgeX as allowable expenses were incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2021, AgeX incurred approximately of
allowable expenses under the NIH grant and recognized a corresponding amount of grant revenues. AgeX recognized no grant revenues for
the year ended December 31, 2022 as AgeX had expended the full amount available under this grant as of December 31, 2021. 

ESI
BIO research products AgeX, through its ESI BIO research product division, markets a number of products related to human
pluripotent stem cells PSC lines ), including research-grade PSC lines and PSC lines produced under current good manufacturing
practices or cGMP. AgeX offers cells from PSC lines to customers under contracts that permit the customers to utilize PSC
lines for the research, development, and commercialization of cell-based therapies or other products in defined fields of application.
The compensation to AgeX for providing the PSC line cells under such contracts may include up-front payments, milestone payments related
to product development, regulatory matters, and commercialization, and the payment of royalties on sales of products developed from AgeX
PSC lines. Revenues from the sale of research products are included in other revenues. 

Arrangements
with multiple performance obligations AgeX may enter into contracts with customers that include multiple performance obligations.
For such arrangements, AgeX will allocate revenue to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. AgeX
will determine or estimate standalone selling prices based on the prices charged, or that would be charged, to customers for that product
or service. As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, AgeX did not have significant arrangements with multiple performance
obligations. 

Warrants (1) 

Restricted stock units 

(1) and
 shares, respectively, of AgeX common stock as consideration for the loan agreements
 discussed in Note 5, Related Party Transactions . 

total LifeMap Merger Consideration, with each LifeMap Sciences shareholder s pro rata portion
of the LifeMap Merger Consideration determined in accordance with the number of shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock owned by such
shareholder as a percentage of shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock outstanding immediately before the effective date of the merger,
and (b) the outstanding shares of GCLMS common stock were converted into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock so that Atlas is now
the sole shareholder of LifeMap Sciences. 

AgeX
received approximately in cash as its pro rata share of the LifeMap Merger Consideration in the merger. Prior to and as a condition
to the merger under the terms of the LifeMap Merger Agreement, of LifeMap Sciences indebtedness to AgeX was converted
into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock. LifeMap Sciences also paid AgeX in cash to pay off a portion of LifeMap Sciences 
indebtedness to AgeX that was not converted into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock. 

The
results of operations and cash flows for LifeMap Sciences are reported as discontinued operations under U.S. GAAP in accordance with
ASC 205-20, Discontinued Operations , for all periods presented in our consolidated financial statements. AgeX will not have any
continuing involvement in LifeMap Sciences subsequent to the consummation of the merger on March 15, 2021. The following table presents
the operating results of LifeMap Sciences that have been treated as discontinued operations for the periods presented: 

Costs, operating and
 other expenses 
 ) 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 ) 
 
 Net loss from discontinued
 operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Loss
 from discontinued operations (1) 
 ) 

(1) gain on the deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences recognized by AgeX.
 When dispositions occur in the normal course of business, gains or losses on the sale of
 such businesses or assets are recognized in the income statement. The gain on the sale of
 LifeMap Sciences is presented in the line item Gain on deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences .
 There were no gains or losses resulting from the sale of businesses or assets that did not
 meet the criteria for a discontinued operation during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Deconsolidation 

As
a result of the completion of the cash-out merger on March 15, 2021, LifeMap Sciences is no longer a subsidiary of AgeX. Effective March
15, 2021, AgeX deconsolidated LifeMap Sciences consolidated financial statements and consolidated results of operations from those
of AgeX under U.S. GAAP ASC 810-10-40-4, Deconsolidation of a Subsidiary or Derecognition of a Group of Assets , due to the disposition
of LifeMap Sciences on that date. 

AgeX s
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 do not include LifeMap Sciences consolidated assets and liabilities
due to the deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences on March 15, 2021. 

AgeX s
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes LifeMap Sciences consolidated results for the
period through March 15, 2021 rather than the day immediately preceding the LifeMap Deconsolidation due to the conversion of 
of LifeMap Sciences indebtedness to AgeX into shares of LifeMap Sciences common stock on March 15, 2021 followed by the completion
of the cash-out merger on the same day. 

AgeX
recognized a gain of from the LifeMap Deconsolidation. The sale of LifeMap Sciences was a taxable transaction to AgeX; however,
no income tax is due as the transaction resulted in a taxable loss primarily due to AgeX s tax basis in the subsidiary. 

in cash and issued shares of AgeX common stock, with an
approximate value of , for aggregate acquisition cost of million for the UniverCyte assets. The Purchase Agreement
was considered an asset acquisition rather than a business combination in accordance with ASC 805-50, Business Combinations . 

ASC
730-10-25(c), Research and Development Intangible Assets Purchased from Others , provides guidance for acquisition and
capitalization of the cost of intangible assets purchased from others in an asset acquisition that have alternative future uses in other
research and development projects. These intangible assets are referred to as acquired IPR D with alternative future uses and are
accounted for as intangible assets and amortized to research and development over their useful life. Acquired IPR D in an asset acquisition
that does not have any alternative future uses is expensed under the same guidance. As an initial focus, AgeX intends to use the UniverCyte 
technology in the development of its two lead products, AGEX-BAT1 and AGEX-VASC1 for the treatment of Type II diabetes and cardiovascular
aging, respectively. Accordingly, AgeX recorded the UniverCyte technology acquired from Escape as IPR D intangible assets
with alternative future uses in accordance with ASC 730-10-25(c) and is amortizing those assets to research and development expense over
their estimated -year useful life. 

In
addition to the purchase price, AgeX will pay Escape a royalty of less than on net sales of products, processes and services under
the acquired patents, if the assets are commercialized. Additional shares of AgeX common stock totaling up to million of market
value will also be issued to Escape upon the attainment of development and regulatory approval milestones by AgeX for each product covered
by the acquired patents. Contingent consideration in an asset acquisition is generally recorded when probable and estimable in accordance
with ASC 450, Contingencies . Accordingly, none of the milestone payments have been accrued since the attainment of any milestone
in the Purchase Agreement was not probable as of December 31, 2022. 

AgeX
has also agreed to engage Escape s chief executive officer as a consultant for a period of up to three years to assist AgeX in
utilizing the acquired patents. AgeX paid per year in consulting fees as services were performed, included in research and development
expenses up until the agreement expired in . 

AgeX
estimated the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be received from the assets developed through the use of the UniverCyte 
technology when commercialized. The estimate of the future undiscounted cash flows considered AgeX s financial condition and the
royalties that may become payable to Escape. 

Accumulated amortization 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Total intangible assets,
 net 

AgeX
recognized and in amortization expense of intangible assets for continuing operations, included in research and development
expenses, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Amortization
expense of intangible assets for discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 amounted to . See Note 3, Disposition
and Deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences for discussion of discontinued operations. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Accounts
Payable and Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued vendors and
 other expenses 

Total accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities 

million line of credit for a period of months. On February 10, 2021, AgeX entered into an amendment
(the First Amendment to the 2019 Loan Agreement which extended the maturity date of loans under the 2019 Loan Agreement
to February 14, 2022 and increased the amount of the loan facility by million. On November 8, 2021, AgeX entered into Amendment
No. 2 to the 2019 Loan Agreement which increased the amount of the loan facility by another million. As of December 31, 2021, AgeX
had borrowed all of the million total line of credit under the 2019 Loan Agreement, as amended. On February 14, 2022, AgeX refinanced
the million outstanding principal amount of the loans and a origination fee due under the 2019 Loan Agreement, as amended.
See discussion regarding 2022 Secured Convertible Promissory Note within this Note 5. 

2020
Loa n Agreement 

On
March 30, 2020, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into a new Secured Convertible Facility Agreement (the 2020 Loan Agreement pursuant to which Juvenescence provided to AgeX an 
 million line of credit for a period of 
 months. Through December 31, 2022, AgeX had drawn
the full 
 million line of credit. AgeX issued to Juvenescence
 
 shares of AgeX common stock as an arrangement
fee for the loan facility when AgeX borrowed an aggregate of 
 million under the 2020 Loan Agreement, and AgeX
issued to Juvenescence warrants to purchase a total of 
 shares of AgeX common stock 2020 Warrants ).
The number of 2020 Warrants issued was determined by the warrant formula described below. The repayment date for the outstanding principal
balance of the loan under the 2020 Loan Agreement will be (see Note 11, Subsequent Events ). 

Default
Provisions The loan balance may become immediately due and payable prior to the mandatory repayment date if an Event of Default
occurs. Events of Default under the 2020 Loan Agreement include the following: (i) AgeX fails to pay any amount in the manner and at
the time provided in the 2020 Loan Agreement and the failure to pay is not remedied within 10 business days; (ii) AgeX fails to perform
any of its obligations under the 2020 Loan Agreement and if the failure can be remedied it is not remedied to the satisfaction of Juvenescence
within 10 business days after notice to AgeX; (iii) ; (iv) AgeX stops payment of its debts generally or discontinues its business or becomes unable to pay its debts as they become due
or enters into any arrangement with creditors generally; (v) AgeX becoming insolvent or in liquidation or administration or other insolvency
procedures, or a receiver, trustee or similar officer is appointed in respect of all or any part of its assets and such appointment continues
undischarged or unstayed for sixty days; (vi) it becomes illegal for AgeX to perform its obligations under the 2020 Loan Agreement or
any governmental permit, license, consent, exemption or similar requirement for AgeX to perform its obligations under the 2020 Loan Agreement
or to carry out its business is not obtained or ceases to remain in effect; (vii) the issuance or levy of any judgment, writ, warrant
of attachment or execution or similar process against all or any material part of the property or assets of AgeX if such process is not
released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty calendar days after its issue or levy; (viii) any injunction, order or judgement of any
court is entered or issued which in the opinion of Juvenescence materially and adversely affects the ability of AgeX to carry out its
business or to pay amounts owed to Juvenescence under the 2020 Loan Agreement; (ix) there is a change in AgeX s financial condition
that in the opinion of Juvenescence materially and adversely affects, or is likely to so affect, its ability to perform any of its obligations
under the 2020 Loan Agreement; (x) AgeX or a designated subsidiary sells, leases, licenses, consigns, transfers, or otherwise disposes
of a material part of their assets other than inventory in the ordinary course of business or certain intercompany transactions, or certain
other limited permitted transactions, unless Juvenescence approves; (xi) AgeX or a designated subsidiary contests the validity of its
obligations under the 2020 Loan Agreement or other related agreement with Juvenescence; (xii) any representation, warranty, or other
statement made by AgeX or a designated subsidiary under the 2020 Loan Agreement is incomplete, untrue, incorrect, or misleading: and
(xiii) AgeX or a designated subsidiary suspends or ceases to carry on all or a material part of its business or threatens to do so. 

2020
Warrants Under the terms of the 2020 Loan Agreement, each time AgeX received an advance of funds under the 2020 Loan Agreement,
AgeX issued to Juvenescence a number of 2020 Warrants equal to 50 of the number determined by dividing the amount of the advance by
the applicable Market Price. The Market Price set each 2020 Warrant when issued was the closing price per share of AgeX common stock
on the NYSE American on the date of the applicable notice from AgeX requesting a draw of funds that triggered the obligation to issue
the 2020 Warrant. The exercise price of the 2020 Warrants is the applicable Market Price. The 2020 Warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m.
New York time three years after the date of issue. As of December 31, 2022, AgeX had issued to Juvenescence 2020 Warrants to purchase
 shares of AgeX common stock. The exercise prices of the 2020 Warrants issued through December 31, 2022 range from per
share to per share representing the market closing price on the NYSE American of AgeX common stock on the one day prior to delivery
of the drawdown notices. The number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and the exercise price per share are subject to
adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events such as a stock split or reverse split or combination of the common stock, stock dividend,
recapitalization or reclassification of the common stock, and similar events. 

Conversion
of Loan Amounts to Common Stock In lieu of repayment of funds borrowed, AgeX may convert the loan balance into AgeX common
stock or units if AgeX consummates a sale of common stock (or common stock paired with warrants or other convertible securities
in units in which the gross sale proceeds are at least . The conversion price per share or units shall be the
lowest price at which shares or units are sold. Juvenescence may convert the loan balance in whole or in part into AgeX common stock
at any time at Juvenescence s election at the closing price per share of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American or other national
securities exchange on the date prior to the date Juvenescence gives AgeX notice Juvenescence s election to convert the loan or
a portion thereof into common stock. 

2022
Secured Convertible Promissory Note and Security Agreement 

On
February 14, 2022, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into a Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the Secured Note pursuant
to which Juvenescence agreed to provide to AgeX a line of credit for a period of months. AgeX drew an initial 
of the line of credit and used to refinance the outstanding principal and the loan origination fees under the 2019 Loan Agreement
with Juvenescence. During the year ended December 31, 2022, AgeX borrowed an additional million under the Secured Note. During January
2023, AgeX borrowed an additional under the Secured Note and during February 2023 the Secured Note was amended and restated
to increase the total line of credit available by and the date by which additional funds can be drawn was extended to May
9, 2023. The outstanding principal balance of the Secured Note, as amended will become due and payable on . See Note
11, Subsequent Events for additional information on the amended and restated Secured Note. 

As
an arrangement fee for the Secured Note, AgeX will pay Juvenescence an origination fee in an amount equal to 4 of the amount each draw
of loan funds, which will accrue as each draw is funded, and an additional 4 of all the total amount of funds drawn that will accrue
following the end of the period during which funds may be drawn from the line of credit. The origination fee will become due and payable
on the repayment date or in a pro rata amount with any prepayment of in whole or in part of the outstanding principal balance of the
Secured Note. 

2022
Warrants Upon each drawdown of funds under the Secured Note, AgeX will issue to Juvenescence warrants to purchase shares
of AgeX common stock 2022 Warrants ). The 2022 Warrants will be governed by the terms of a Warrant Agreement between AgeX
and Juvenescence. The number of 2022 Warrants to be issued will be equal to of the number determined by dividing the amount of the
applicable loan draw by the applicable Market Price. The Market Price will be the last closing price per share of AgeX common stock on
the NYSE American or other national securities exchange preceding the delivery of the notice from AgeX requesting a draw of funds that
triggers the obligation to issue 2022 Warrants; provided, however that if AgeX common stock is not traded on a national securities exchange
the Market Price shall be determined with reference to closing prices quoted or bid and asked prices on an interdealer quotation system
averaged over twenty consecutive trading days. The exercise price of the 2022 Warrants will be the applicable Market Price. The 2022
Warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m. New York time three years after the date of issue. 

As
of December 31, 2022, AgeX had issued to Juvenescence 2022 Warrants to purchase shares of AgeX common stock. The exercise prices
of the 2022 Warrants issued through December 31, 2022 range from per share to per share representing the market closing price
of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American on the one day prior to delivery of the drawdown notices. The number of shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants and the exercise price per share are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events such as a stock
split or reverse split or combination of the common stock, stock dividend, recapitalization or reclassification of the common stock,
and similar events. 

Conversion
of Loan Amounts to Common Stock In lieu of repayment of funds borrowed, AgeX may convert the loan balance and any accrued
but unpaid origination fee into AgeX common stock or units if AgeX consummates a sale of common stock (or common stock
paired with warrants or other convertible securities in units in which the gross sale proceeds are at least .
The conversion price per share or units shall be the lowest price at which shares or units are sold. Juvenescence may convert the loan
balance in whole or in part into AgeX common stock at any time at Juvenescence s election at the closing price per share of AgeX
common stock on the NYSE American or other national securities exchange on the date prior to the date Juvenescence gives AgeX notice
Juvenescence s election to convert the loan or a portion thereof into common stock. 

Default
Provisions The loan balance and origination fees may become immediately due and payable prior to the mandatory repayment
date if an Event of Default occurs. Events of Default under the Secured Note include the following: (a) AgeX fails to pay any principal
amount payable by it in the manner and at the time provided under and in accordance with the Secured Note; (b) AgeX fails to pay any
other amount payable by it in the manner and at the time provided under and in accordance with the Secured Note or the Security Agreement
described below or any other agreement executed in connection with the Secured Note (the Loan Documents and the failure
is not remedied within three business days; (c) AgeX fails to perform any of its covenants or obligations or fail to satisfy any of the
conditions under the Secured Note or any other Loan Document and, such failure (if capable of remedy) remains unremedied to the satisfaction
of Juvenescence (in its sole discretion) for 10 business days after the earlier of (i) notice requiring its remedy has been given by
Juvenescence to AgeX and (ii) actual knowledge of the failure by senior officers of AgeX; (d) ; (e)
AgeX stops payment of its debts generally or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its business or is unable to pay its debts as they
fall due or is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or enters into any arrangements
with its creditors generally; (f) if (i) an involuntary proceeding (other than a proceeding instituted by Juvenescence or an affiliate
of Juvenescence) shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief in
respect of AgeX and any subsidiary, or of all or a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) an involuntary appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator,
conservator or similar official for AgeX or a subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets occurs (other than in a proceeding instituted
by Juvenescence or an affiliate of Juvenescence), and, in any such case, such proceeding shall continue undismissed and unstayed for
sixty (60) consecutive days without having been dismissed, bonded or discharged or an order of relief is entered in any such proceeding;
(g) it becomes unlawful for AgeX to perform all or any of its obligations under the Secured Note or any authorization, approval, consent,
license, exemption, filing, registration or other requirement of any governmental, judicial or public body or authority necessary to
enable AgeX to comply with its obligations under the Secured Note or to carry on its business is not obtained or, having been obtained,
is modified in a manner that precludes AgeX or its subsidiaries from conducting their business in any material respect, or is revoked,
suspended, withdrawn or withheld or fails to remain in full force and effect; (h) the issuance or levy of any judgment, writ, warrant
of attachment or execution or similar process against all or any material part of the property or assets of AgeX or a subsidiary if such
process is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 60 calendar days after its issue or levy; (i) any injunction, order, judgment
or decision of any court is entered or issued which, in the opinion of Juvenescence, materially and adversely affects, or is reasonably
likely so to affect, the ability of AgeX or a subsidiary to carry on its business or to pay amounts owed to Juvenescence under the Secured
Note; (j) AgeX, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, sells, leases, licenses, consigns, transfers or
otherwise disposes of any material portion of its assets (with any such disposition with respect to any asset or assets with a fair value
of at least being deemed material), other than (i) certain permitted investments (ii) sales, transfers and dispositions of inventory
in the ordinary course of business, (iii) any termination of a lease of real or personal property that is not necessary in the ordinary
course of the AgeX s business, could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect and does not result from AgeX s
default, and (iv) any sale, lease, license, consignment, transfer or other disposition of assets that are no longer necessary in the
ordinary course of business or which has been approved in writing by Juvenescence; (k) any of the following shall occur: (i) the security
and/or liens created by the Security Agreement or any other Loan Document shall at any time cease to constitute valid and perfected security
and/or liens on any material portion of the collateral intended to be covered thereby; (ii) except for expiration in accordance with
its terms, the Security Agreement or any other Loan Document pursuant to which a lien is granted by AgeX in favor of Juvenescence shall
for whatever reason be terminated or shall cease to be in full force and effect; (iii) the enforceability of the Security Agreement or
any other Loan Document pursuant to which a lien is granted by AgeX in favor of Juvenescence shall be contested by AgeX or a subsidiary;
(iv) AgeX shall assert that its obligations under the Secured Note or any other Loan Document shall be invalid or unenforceable; or (v)
a loss, theft, damage or destruction occurs with respect to a material portion of the collateral; (l) there is any change in the financial
condition of AgeX and its subsidiaries which, in the opinion of Juvenescence, materially and adversely affects, or is reasonably likely
so to affect, the ability of AgeX to perform any of its obligations under the Secured Note; and (m) any representation, warranty or statement
made, repeated or deemed made or repeated by AgeX in the Secured Note, or pursuant to the Loan Documents, is incomplete, untrue, incorrect
or misleading in any material respect when made, repeated or deemed made. 

Restrictive
Covenants The Secured Note includes certain covenants that among other matters such as financial reporting: (i) impose financial
restrictions on AgeX while the Secured Note remains unpaid, including restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness by AgeX
and its subsidiaries, except that AgeX s subsidiary Reverse Bio will be permitted to incur debt convertible into equity not guaranteed
or secured by the assets of AgeX or any other AgeX subsidiary, and the restrictions on the incurrence of indebtedness applicable to Reverse
Bio will end if it raises more than million in debt or equity financing by May 15, 2023 (ii) require that AgeX use loan proceeds
and funds that may be raised through certain equity offerings only for research and development work, professional and administrative
expenses, for general working capital, and for repayment of all or a portion of AgeX s indebtedness to Juvenescence; and (iii)
prohibit AgeX from making additional investments in subsidiaries, unless AgeX obtains the written consent of Juvenescence to a transaction
that otherwise would be prohibited or restricted. 

Security
Agreement AgeX has entered into a Security Agreement granting Juvenescence a security interest in substantially all of the
assets of AgeX, including a security interest in shares of AgeX subsidiaries that hold certain assets, as collateral for AgeX s
loan obligations. If an Event of Default occurs, Juvenescence will have the right to foreclose on the assets pledged as collateral. 

Registration
Rights 

AgeX
entered into certain Registration Rights Agreements pursuant to which it has agreed to register for sale under the Securities Act all
shares of AgeX common stock presently held by Juvenescence or that may be acquired by Juvenescence through the exercise of common stock
purchase warrants that they hold or that they may acquire pursuant to the 2020 Loan Agreement, and shares that they may acquire through
the conversion of the loans into AgeX common stock. . Juvenescence retains
the right to require AgeX to register additional shares of common stock that Juvenescence may acquire through the exercise of warrants
or the conversion of loans. AgeX is obligated to pay the fees and expenses of each registered offering under such registration rights
agreement except for underwriting discounts and commissions. AgeX and Juvenescence will indemnify each other from certain liabilities
in connection the registration, offer, and sale of securities under a registration statement, including liabilities arising under the
Securities Act. 

AgeX
entered into an amendment to its Registration Rights Agreement with Juvenescence to include the 2022 Warrants and underlying shares and
any shares issuable upon the conversion of the Secured Note into common stock as registrable securities under the Registration Rights
Agreement. 

Debt
Issuance Costs 

In
accordance with ASU 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, all debt issuance costs are recorded as a discount
on the debt and amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan agreement using the effective interest method. Direct debt issuance
costs include but are not limited to legal fees, debt origination fees, estimated fair market value of common stock and warrants issued
in connection with the loan agreements, and NYSE American additional listing fees for the underlying shares of warrants issued with each
drawdown of funds. 

) 
 - 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 2020 Loan Agreement 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 ) 

2022 Secured Note 

- 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 ) 

The following table summarizes the debt issuance
costs and the debt balances net of debt issuance costs by loan agreement as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Drawdown of Funds 
 Origination Fee 
 Amount Refinanced 
 Total Debt 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Amortization of Debt Issuance
 Costs 
 Total Debt, Net 
 
 2019 Loan Agreement 

- 
 
 ) 

2020 Loan Agreement 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 ) 

- 
 
 ) 

Related
Party Payables 

Since
October 2018, AgeX s Chief Operating Officer COO ), who is also an employee of Juvenescence, has been devoting a
majority of his time to AgeX s operations. AgeX reimburses Juvenescence for his services on an agreed-upon fixed annual amount
of approximately . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AgeX had approximately and , respectively, payable to Juvenescence
for COO services rendered, included in related party payables, net of certain expenses owed by Juvenescence to AgeX, on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

Issuance Date: 2/14/2022 

Issuance Date: 2/15/2022 

Period Ended 3/31/2022 

Issuance Date: 4/4/2022 

Issuance Date: 6/6/2022 

Period Ended 6/30/2022 

Issuance Date: 8/16/2022 

Period Ended 9/30/2022 

Issuance Date: 10/21/2022 

Issuance Date: 12/14/2022 

Period Ended 12/31/2022 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(1) 
 (2) 

Fair value of warrants issued on 2/14/2022 
 ) (3) 
 ) (4) 
 
 ) 
 
 Fair value of warrants issued on 2/15/2022 
 ) (3) 
 ) (4) 

Fair value of warrants issued on 4/4/2022 
 ) (3) 
 ) (4) 

Fair value of warrants issued on 6/6/2022 
 ) (3) 
 ) (4) 

Fair value of warrants issued on 8/16/2022 
 ) (3) 
 ) (4) 

Fair value of warrants issued on 10/21/2022 
 ) (3) 
 ) (4) 

Fair value of warrants issued on 12/14/2022 
 ) (3) 
 ) (4) 

Change
 in fair value of warrant liability 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fair value as of December
 31, 2022 
 (1) 
 (2) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, AgeX recorded a loss of on changes in the fair value of warrant liability. There were no warrant
liabilities or corresponding changes in valuation during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
warrant liabilities are considered Level 3 liabilities on the fair value hierarchy as the determination of fair value includes various
assumptions about future activities and AgeX s stock prices and historical volatility as inputs. During the year ended December
31, 2022, none of the warrants issued were exercised. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

AgeX
has shares of common stock, par value per share, authorized. The holders of AgeX s common stock are entitled
to receive ratably dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. Upon liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up, the holders of AgeX common stock are entitled to receive ratably the net assets available after the payment of all debts
and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of AgeX outstanding preferred shares, if any. 

The
holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of AgeX stockholders. The holders
of common stock have no preemptive, subscription, or redemption rights. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of AgeX common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Issuance
of Warrants by AgeX 

In
connection with the of drawdowns of loan funds from Juvenescence under the Secured Note during the year ended December 31,
2022, AgeX has issued to Juvenescence 2022 Warrants to purchase shares of AgeX common stock. 

As
consideration for million in loans made to AgeX under the 2020 Loan Agreement, AgeX issued to Juvenescence warrants to purchase
 shares of AgeX common stock. 

See
Notes 5, Related Party Transactions and 6, Warrant Liability for additional information on warrants issued to Juvenescence. 

At-the-Market
Offering Facility 

On
January 8, 2021, AgeX entered into a Sales Agreement with Chardan, relating to the sale of shares of AgeX common stock, in at-the-market
transactions. In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, AgeX may offer and sell shares of AgeX common stock having an aggregate
offering price of up to million from time to time through Chardan, acting as the sales agent. The actual market value of common
shares that AgeX may sell through its Sales Agreement with Chardan during any 12 month period will be limited to one-third of aggregate
market value of our common stock held by stockholders that would not be considered affiliates of AgeX, determined in accordance
with applicable SEC rules. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, AgeX raised nil and , respectively, in gross proceeds
through the sale of shares of common stock through the Sales Agreement with Chardan. 

shares of common stock for
the grant of stock options or the sale of restricted stock Restricted Stock or for the settlement of restricted stock
units which are hypothetical units issued with reference to common stock Restricted Stock Units or RSUs ).
AgeX may also grant stock appreciation rights SARs under the Incentive Plan. The Plan also permits AgeX to issue such
other securities as its Board of Directors (the Board or the Compensation Committee (the Committee administering
the Incentive Plan may determine. Awards of stock options, Restricted Stock, SARs, and RSUs Awards may be granted under
the Incentive Plan to AgeX employees, directors, and consultants. 

Awards
may vest and thereby become exercisable or have restrictions on forfeiture lapse on the date of grant or in periodic installments or
upon the attainment of performance goals, or upon the occurrence of specified events. 

shares in the
aggregate, or any Awards of Restricted Stock or RSUs with respect to more than shares in the aggregate. If an Award is to be
settled in cash, the number of shares on which the Award is based shall not count toward the individual share limit . 

No
Awards may be granted under the Incentive Plan more than ten years after the date upon which the Incentive Plan was adopted by the Board,
and no options or SARS granted under the Incentive Plan may be exercised after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant. 

Stock
Options 

Options
granted under the Incentive Plan may be either incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or non-qualified stock options that do not qualify incentive
stock options. Incentive stock options may be granted only to AgeX employees and employees of subsidiaries. The exercise price of stock
options granted under the Incentive Plan must be equal to the fair market of AgeX common stock on the date the option is granted. . The aggregate fair market value of common stock (determined as of the grant
date of the option) with respect to which incentive stock options become exercisable for the first time by an optionee in any calendar
year may not exceed . 

The
exercise price of an option may be payable in cash or in common stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise price, or in a
combination of cash and common stock, or other legal consideration for the issuance of stock as the Board or Committee may approve. 

Generally,
options will be exercisable only while the optionee remains an employee, director or consultant, or during a specific period thereafter,
but in the case of the termination of an employee, director, or consultant s services due to death or disability, the period for
exercising a vested option shall be extended to the earlier of 12 months after termination or the expiration date of the option. 

Restricted
Stock and RSUs 

In
lieu of granting options, AgeX may enter into purchase agreements with employees under which . Employees or consultants, but not executive officers or directors,
who purchase Restricted Stock may be permitted to pay for their shares by delivering a promissory note or an installment payment agreement
that may be secured by a pledge of their Restricted Stock. Restricted Stock may also be issued for services actually performed by the
recipient prior to the issuance of the Restricted Stock. Unvested Restricted Stock for which AgeX has not received payment may be forfeited,
or AgeX may have the right to repurchase unvested shares upon the occurrence of specified events, such as termination of employment. 

Subject
to the restrictions set with respect to the particular Award, a recipient of Restricted Stock generally shall have the rights and privileges
of a stockholder, including the right to vote the Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends; provided that, any cash dividends
and stock dividends with respect to the Restricted Stock shall be withheld for the recipient s account, and interest may be credited
on the amount of the cash dividends withheld. The cash dividends or stock dividends so withheld and attributable to any particular share
of Restricted Stock (and earnings thereon, if applicable) shall be distributed to the recipient in cash or, at the discretion of the
Board or Committee, in shares of common stock having a fair market value equal to the amount of such dividends, if applicable, upon the
release of restrictions on the Restricted Stock and, if the Restricted Stock is forfeited, the recipient shall have no right to the dividends. 

The
terms and conditions of a grant of RSUs shall be determined by the Board or Committee. No shares of common stock shall be issued at the
time a RSU is granted. A recipient of RSUs shall have no voting rights with respect to the RSUs. Upon the expiration of the restrictions
applicable to a RSU, AgeX will either issue to the recipient, without charge, one share of common stock per RSU or cash in an amount
equal to the fair market value of one share of common stock. 

At
the discretion of the Board or Committee, each RSU (representing one share of common stock) may be credited with cash and stock dividends
paid in respect of one share Dividend Equivalents ). Dividend Equivalents shall be withheld for the recipient s account,
and interest may be credited on the amount of cash Dividend Equivalents withheld. Dividend Equivalents credited to a recipient s
account and attributable to any particular RSU (and earnings thereon, if applicable) shall be distributed in cash or in shares of common
stock having a fair market value equal to the amount of the Dividend Equivalents and earnings, if applicable, upon settlement of the
RSU. If a RSU is forfeited, the recipient shall have no right to the related Dividend Equivalents. 

SARs 

A
SAR is the right to receive, upon exercise, an amount payable in cash or shares, or a combination of shares and cash, equal to the number
of shares subject to the SAR that is being exercised, multiplied by the excess of (a) the fair market value of a common stock on the
date the SAR is exercised, over (b) the exercise price specified in the SAR Award agreement. SARs may be granted either as free standing
SARs or in tandem with options. No SAR may be exercised later than years after the date of grant. 

The
exercise price of a SAR shall not be less than of the fair market value of one share of common stock on the date of grant. A SAR
granted in conjunction with an option shall have the same exercise price as the related option, shall be transferable only upon the same
terms and conditions as the related option, and shall be exercisable only to the same extent as the related option; provided, however,
that the SAR by its terms shall be exercisable only when the fair market value per share exceeds the exercise price per share of the
SAR or related option. Upon any exercise of a SAR granted in tandem with an option, the number of shares for which the related option
shall be exercisable shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the SAR has been exercised. The number of shares for which a
SAR issued in tandem with an option shall be exercisable shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the related option has been
exercised. 

Equity
Incentive Plan Awards 

Increase
 option pool 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options
 granted 

- 

Options
 forfeited, cancelled or expired 
 
 ) 
 - 

Restricted
 stock units vested 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 - 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

Increase
 option pool 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options
 granted 
 ) 
 
 - 

Options
 forfeited, cancelled or expired 
 
 ) 
 - 

Restricted
 stock units vested 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 - 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Options
 exercisable at December 31, 2022 

There
were exercises of stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Total proceeds if all options granted and outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 were exercised would be approximately million. 

At
December 31, 2022, AgeX had approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the stock options and unvested
RSUs under the Incentive Plan that will be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding was and options exercisable was nil as of December 31, 2022. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

General
 and administrative continuing operations 

Total
 stock-based compensation expense continuing operations 

General
 and administrative discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 stock-based compensation expense 

The
weighted-average estimated fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was per share
and per share, respectively, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected
 life (in years) 

Risk-free
 interest rates 

Volatility 

Dividend
 yield 

The
determination of stock-based compensation is inherently uncertain and subjective and involves the application of valuation models and
assumptions requiring the use of judgment. If AgeX had made different assumptions, its stock-based compensation expense and net loss
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 may have been significantly different. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies for a discussion of the factors used in determining these assumptions. 

AgeX
does not recognize deferred income taxes for incentive stock option compensation expense and records a tax deduction only when a disqualified
disposition has occurred. 

million and million, respectively. 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Capital
 loss carryforwards 

Research
 and development credit carryforwards 

Patents
 and fixed assets 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Capitalized
 Research Expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Other,
 net 

Valuation
 allowance 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Total
 net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

A
valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
AgeX established a full valuation allowance for all periods presented due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from its
net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. 

Research
 and development and other credits 

State
 tax benefit, net of effect on federal income taxes 

Permanent
 differences 
 - 

Stock
 Based Compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Loss
 and deconsolidation of LifeMap Sciences 
 - 

Debt
 finance equity costs 
 
 - 
 
 Return
 to provision other adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in valuation allowance 

- 
 - 

AgeX
has established an accrual for uncertain tax positions related to its U.S. research and development credits. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there was no accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions. AgeX does not believe it is reasonably possible that its
unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve months. A reconciliation of beginning and ending balances for
unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands): 

- 
 
 Additions for tax positions related to prior years 
 
 - 
 
 Reductions for tax positions related to prior years 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reductions related to settlements 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reductions related to a lapse of statute 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 
 - 

AgeX
monitors proposed and issued tax law, regulations, and cases to determine the potential impact of uncertain income tax positions. At
December 31, 2022, AgeX had not identified any potential subsequent events that would have a material impact on unrecognized income tax
benefits within the next twelve months. 

As
of December 31, 2022, AgeX has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
 million for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
In general, NOLs and other tax credit carryforwards generated by legal entities in a consolidated federal tax group are available to
other members of the tax group depending on the nature of the transaction that a member may enter into while still in the consolidated
federal tax group. 

As
of December 31, 2022, AgeX has net operating losses of approximately million for California purposes. As AgeX and its subsidiaries
have been included in the combined California tax return with Lineage, up to the date of deconsolidation on August 30, 2018, those state
net operating losses will remain with AgeX. In general, NOLs and other tax credit carryforwards generated by legal entities in a combined
state tax group are available to other members of the tax group depending on the nature of the transaction that a member may enter into
while still in the combined state tax group. . 

As
of December 31, 2022, AgeX has research and development tax credit carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of 
 million and 
 million, 
respectively. . 

As
of December 31, 2022, AgeX has capital loss carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of million and million, respectively.
The federal and California capital loss carryforwards will expire in 2026. 

Effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, taxpayers are required to capitalize any expenses incurred that are considered incidental
to research and experimentation R E activities under IRC Section 174. While taxpayers historically had the option
of deducting these expenses under IRC Section 174, the December 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act mandates capitalization and amortization of
R E expenses for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. Expenses incurred in connection with R E activities in the US must
be amortized over a -year period if incurred, and R E expenses incurred outside the US must be amortized over a -year period.
R E activities are broader in scope than qualified research activities considered under IRC Section 41 (relating to the research
tax credit). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company performed an analysis based on available guidance and determined that
it will continue to be in a loss position even after the required capitalization and amortization of its R E expenses. We will continue
to monitor this issue for future developments, but we does not expect R E capitalization and amortization to require us to pay cash
taxes now or in the near future. 

Beginning
in 2018, the 2017 Tax Act subjects a U.S. stockholder to tax on Global Intangible Low Tax Income GILTI earned by certain
foreign subsidiaries. In general, GILTI is the excess of a U.S. stockholder s total net foreign income over a deemed return on
tangible assets. The provision further allows a deduction of of GILTI, however this deduction is limited to the company s pre-GILTI
U.S. income. For the year ended December 31, 2021, AgeX s foreign entity operated at an immaterial loss; therefore, no GILTI was
included in income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no income or loss related to foreign activity as the entity deconsolidated
from AgeX on March 15, 2021. Current interpretations under ASC 740 state that an entity can make an accounting policy election to either
recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or to provide for the tax expense
related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred as a period expense. We have elected to account for GILTI as a current period expense
when incurred. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced a domestic loss from continuing operations; therefore, income tax provision was recorded
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
sale of LifeMap Sciences resulted in a taxable loss primarily due to AgeX s tax basis in the subsidiary. 

Other
Income Tax Matters 

. California has similar rules. Generally, after a control change, a loss corporation cannot deduct NOL carryforwards in excess
of the Section 382 Limitation. Due to these change in ownership provisions, utilization of the NOL and tax credit carryforwards
may be subject to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income in future periods. 

AgeX
and its subsidiaries may be subject to potential income tax examination by U.S. federal or states authorities. These potential examinations
may include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions, and compliance with U.S. federal and state tax laws. AgeX filed
its first consolidated federal tax return in 2018. AgeX and its current subsidiaries are not subject to tax examination by federal tax
authorities for tax years beginning before 2019 and for state tax authorities beginning before 2018. However, the tax authorities may
still make adjustments to the net operating loss and credit carryforwards used in open years by AgeX or any of its subsidiaries. Any
potential examinations may include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions, and compliance with U.S. federal and state
tax laws. 

square foot leased space in a building located in an office and research
park in Alameda, California. Base monthly rent was for the first year of the lease term. In September 2021, AgeX extended its office
lease for another year, effective January 1, 2022, at a monthly rent of . In October 2022, AgeX entered into a new one-year lease
that became effective January 1, 2023 for a different space, comprising of square feet, in the same building, at a monthly rent of
 . The lease also includes office furniture rental, janitorial services, utilities, and internet service. 

ASC
842 

For
the office lease, AgeX has elected to not apply the recognition requirements under ASC 842 and instead recognized the lease payments
as lease costs on a straight-line basis over the lease term, as the amount of the lease payments is not deemed material. 

There
were no future minimum lease commitments as of December 31, 2022. 

Litigation
 General 

AgeX
is subject to various claims and contingencies in the ordinary course of its business, including those related to litigation, business
transactions, employee-related matters, and others. When AgeX is aware of a claim or potential claim, it assesses the likelihood of any
loss or exposure. If it is probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, AgeX will record
a liability for the loss. If the loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be reasonably estimated, AgeX discloses the claim
if the likelihood of a potential loss is reasonably possible and the amount involved could be material. AgeX is not aware of any claims
likely to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 

Tax
Filings 

AgeX
tax filings are subject to audit by taxing authorities in jurisdictions where it conducts business. These audits may result in assessments
of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or potentially through the courts. Management believes AgeX has
adequately provided for any ultimate amounts that are likely to result from these audits; however, final assessments, if any, could be
significantly different than the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements. 

Employment
Contracts 

AgeX
has entered into employment contracts with certain executive officers. Under the provisions of the contracts, AgeX may be required to
incur severance obligations for matters relating to changes in control, as defined, and involuntary terminations. 

Indemnification 

In
the normal course of business, AgeX may provide indemnifications of varying scope under AgeX s agreements with other companies
or consultants, typically for AgeX s research and development programs. Pursuant to these agreements, AgeX will generally agree
to indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse the indemnified parties for losses and expenses suffered or incurred by the indemnified parties
arising from claims of third parties in connection with AgeX s research and development. Indemnification provisions could also
cover third-party infringement claims with respect to patent rights, copyrights, or other intellectual property licensed from AgeX to
third parties. Office and laboratory leases will also generally indemnify the lessor with respect to certain matters that may arise during
the term of the lease. The sales agreement between AgeX and Chardan also includes indemnification provisions pursuant to which the parties
have agreed to indemnify each other from certain liabilities that could arise from the offer and sale of AgeX common stock through the
ATM facility, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Similarly, the Registration Rights Agreement between Juvenescence and AgeX
includes indemnification provisions pursuant to which the parties will indemnify each other from certain liabilities in connection with
the registration, offer, and sale of securities under a registration statement, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act.
The term of these indemnification obligations will generally continue in effect after the termination or expiration of the particular
license, lease, or agreement to which they relate. The potential future payments AgeX could be required to make under these indemnification
agreements will generally not be subject to any specified maximum amount. Historically, AgeX has not been subject to any claims or demands
for indemnification. AgeX also maintains various liability insurance policies that limit AgeX s financial exposure. As a result,
AgeX believes the fair value of these indemnification agreements is minimal. Accordingly, AgeX has not recorded any liabilities for these
agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan 

On
April 13, 2020, AgeX obtained a loan in the amount of from a bank under the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan ).
The PPP Loan bore interest at a rate of per annum. No payments were due on the PPP Loan during a six month deferral period commencing
on the date of the promissory note. Commencing one month after the expiration of the deferral period, and continuing on the same day
of each month thereafter until the maturity date of the PPP Loan, monthly payments of principal and interest became due, in an amount
required to fully amortize the principal amount outstanding on the PPP Loan by the maturity date. The maturity date was .
The principal amount of the PPP Loan was subject to forgiveness under the Paycheck Protection Program (the Program to
the extent of PPP Loan proceeds that were used to pay expense permitted by the Program, including payroll, rent, and utilities during
the time frame permitted by the Program. On February 19, 2021, the PPP Loan was forgiven in full. 

On
December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 was signed into law, retroactively allowing a federal deduction of the
expenses that gave rise to the PPP Loan forgiveness. California does not allow a deduction for these expenses for publicly traded companies. 

Notice
of Delisting 

and has incurred losses from continuing
operations and/or net losses during its two most recent fiscal years. Pursuant to Section 1009 of the Exchange Company Guide and as provided
in the Deficiency Letter AgeX provided the Exchange staff with a plan (the Compliance Plan advising the Exchange staff
of action AgeX has taken and will take that would bring AgeX into compliance with the Exchange s continued listing standards by
December 1, 2021. The Exchange staff has accepted the Compliance Plan . 

On
April 15, 2021, AgeX regained compliance with all of the Exchange s continued listing standards set forth in Part 10 of the Exchange
Company Guide. Specially, the Exchange has resolved the continued listing deficiency with respect to Section 1003(a)(i) of the Exchange
Company Guide. 

On
November 17, 2021, AgeX received a second deficiency letter 2021 Deficiency Letter from the staff of the Exchange indicating
that AgeX does not meet certain of the Exchange s continued listing standards as set forth in Section 1003(a)(i) and (ii) of the
Exchange Company Guide in that AgeX had stockholders equity of less than and had incurred losses from continuing operations
and/or net losses during the two most recent fiscal years, and that AgeX had stockholders equity of less than and had incurred
losses from continuing operations and/or net losses during three out of four of the most recent fiscal years. Pursuant to Section 1009
of the Exchange Company Guide and as provided in the 2021 Deficiency Letter, AgeX provided the Exchange staff with an updated plan (the
 2021 Plan during December 2021 advising the Exchange staff of action that AgeX had taken and will take that would bring
AgeX into compliance with the Exchange s continued listing standards. The Exchange staff accepted the 2021 Plan which was subsequently
revised by AgeX in the course of the Exchange s continued monitoring of AgeX s progress to attain compliance with the continued
listing standards. During November 2022, the Exchange sent AgeX a notification indicating that
the Exchange has accepted the revised 2021 Plan and has granted AgeX an extension of time to regain compliance with the Exchange s
continued listing standards as set forth in Section 1003(a)(i) and (ii) of the Exchange Company Guide by increasing stockholders equity
to not less than . The Exchange staff will periodically review AgeX s adherence to the revised 2021 Plan milestones.
If we are not in compliance with the continued listing standards by May 17, 2023, or if AgeX does not make progress consistent with the
revised 2021 Plan during the plan period, the Exchange will initiate delisting proceedings as appropriate. 

AgeX
intends to make arrangements to have its common stock quoted on an interdealer quotation system if its common stock is delisted from
the Exchange. 

under the Secured Note. In connection with that
draw of loan funds under the Secured Note, AgeX issued to Juvenescence warrants to purchase 
 shares of AgeX common stock at an exercise
price of 
 per share. 

Amended
and Restated Secured Convertible Promissory Note 

On
February 9, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into an Amended and Restated Secured Convertible Promissory Note which amends and restates
the February 14, 2022 Secured Note and provides that AgeX may borrow up to an additional from Juvenescence until May 9, 2023
subject to Juvenescence s discretion to approve each loan draw. References to the Secured Note include the Amended and Restated
Secured Note. AgeX may not draw more than million in any single draw. The date on which the outstanding principal balance of the Secured
Note will become due and payable shall be February 14, 2024, consistent with the original terms of the Secured Note. 

The
other material provisions of the Secured Note, including but not limited to those pertaining to loan origination fees, default provisions,
provisions governing the rights of AgeX and Juvenescence to convert the loan balance and any accrued but unpaid origination fees into
shares of AgeX common stock, and provisions requiring AgeX to issue common stock purchase warrants to Juvenescence in connection with
borrowings remain in effect and will apply to any draw down of the additional credit available under the Secured Note as amended. 

AgeX s
obligations under the Secured Note, including with respect to any additional borrowings, will continue to be secured by the security
interests in AgeX assets granted to Juvenescence pursuant to the Security Agreement. 

On
February 15, 2023, AgeX drew of its available credit under the Secured Note. In connection with that draw of loan funds, AgeX
issued to Juvenescence warrants to purchase shares of AgeX common stock at an exercise price of per share, the closing
price of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American on February 10, 2023, the trading day immediately preceding delivery of AgeX s
drawdown notice of loan funds. 

2020
Loan Agreement 

On
March 13, 2023, the 2020 Loan Agreement was amended to extend the maturity date to March 30, 2024. 

Million Secured Convertible Promissory Note 

On
March 13, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into a Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the Million Secured Note pursuant to which Juvenescence has loaned to AgeX . AgeX used the loan proceeds to finance the purchase of a Convertible Promissory
Note (the Serina Note issued by Serina Therapeutics Inc., an Alabama corporation Serina to AgeX on March
15, 2023, pursuant to the terms of a Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the Serina Note Purchase Agreement 

The
outstanding principal balance of the Million Secured Note will become due and payable on March 13, 2026. 

If
(a) AgeX and Serina have not entered into a definitive merger agreement by June 13, 2023; (b) a merger between AgeX and Serina is terminated
or either party gives notice to terminate the merger agreement; or (c) the merger is not consummated by March 13, 2024, then AgeX may,
after written notice to Juvenescence, pay and satisfy in full the principal balance and accrued origination fees under the Million
Secured Note by tendering to Juvenescence the Serina Note and shares of capital stock of Serina, if any, that may have been issued to
AgeX upon conversion of the Serina Note in whole or in part. 

AgeX
may convert the loan balance and any accrued but unpaid origination fee into AgeX common stock or units if AgeX consummates
a sale of common stock (or common stock paired with warrants or other convertible securities in units in which the gross
sale proceeds are at least .
If less than 
 is raised through the sale of common stock or
units, the conversion price per share or units shall be the lowest price at which shares or units are sold. If at least 
 is raised, the conversion price per share shall
be 
of the Market Price of AgeX common stock determined as provided in the Million Secured Note. 

Juvenescence
may convert the outstanding principal amount of the Million Secured Note plus the accrued origination fee into AgeX common stock
at the market price per share of AgeX common stock. Juvenescence may not convert the Million Secured Note to AgeX common stock before
the earlier of (i) a merger between AgeX and Serina, and (ii) March 13, 2024. Any conversion of the Million Secured Note into AgeX
common stock is subject to certain restrictions to comply with applicable requirements of the NYSE American where AgeX common stock is
listed. 

The
outstanding principal amount of the Million Secured Note and the accrued origination fee may become immediately due and payable prior
to the maturity date if an Event of Default as defined in the Million Secured Note occurs. Events of Default under the Million
Secured Note are substantially the same events as those constituting an Event of Default under the Secured Note except that such events
pertain to the Million Secured Note and related loan documents. 

The
 Million Secured Note includes certain covenants that among other matters require financial reporting and impose certain restrictions
on AgeX that are substantially the same as those under the Secured Note. 

AgeX
has entered into an Amended and Restated Security Agreement that amends the February 14, 2022 Security Agreement between AgeX and Juvenescence
and adds the Million Secured Note to the obligations secured by the Security Agreement. The Security Agreement grants Juvenescence
a security interest in substantially all of the assets of AgeX, including a security interest in shares of AgeX subsidiaries that hold
certain assets, as collateral for AgeX s loan obligations. If an Event of Default occurs, Juvenescence will have the right to foreclose
on the assets pledged as collateral. 

Serina
Note 

On
March 15, 2023, AgeX and Serina entered into the Serina Note Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which AgeX has agreed to lend to Serina
an aggregate principal amount of as evidenced by the Serina Note. Interest on the principal amount under the Serina Note
accrues on the unpaid principal amount at a simple interest rate equal to per annum, computed on the basis of the 360-day year of
twelve 30-day months. The outstanding principal balance of the Serina Note will become due and payable on March 15, 2026. 

In
connection with the issuance of the Serina Note, AgeX is entitled to elect one member to the board of directors of Serina and receive
certain information and inspection rights as well as participation rights for subsequent equity issuances. 

The
principal balance of the Serina Note with accrued interest will automatically convert into Serina preferred stock if Serina raises at
least through the sale of shares of Serina preferred stock. The conversion price per share shall be the lower of (a) 
of the lowest price at which the shares of preferred stock were sold, and (b) a capped price equal to divided
by Serina s then fully diluted capitalization. AgeX has the option to convert the Serina Note into Serina preferred stock after
a sale of Serina preferred stock regardless of the amount sold by Serina. 

AgeX
may (i) at its election, upon a change of control (as defined in the Serina Note), convert the Serina Note in whole or in part into either
(a) cash in an amount equal to 100 of the outstanding principal amount of the Serina Note, plus interest, or (b) into the highest ranking
shares of Serina then issued at a conversion price equal to the lowest price per share at which the most senior series of Serina shares
has been sold in a single transaction or a series of related transactions through which Serina raised at least or (ii) if
the Serina Note remains outstanding as of the maturity date, AgeX may convert the Serina Note into the most senior shares of Serina issued
at the time of conversion at a conversion price equal to the capped price. 

Upon
the consummation of a merger between AgeX and Serina, the Serina Note would remain outstanding and become an intercompany asset of AgeX
and an intercompany liability of Serina. 

The
outstanding principal balance of the Serina Note with accrued interest may become immediately due and payable prior to the stated maturity
date if an Event of Default as defined in the Serina Note occurs. In addition to this and any other remedy, both in equity and in law,
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, an interest rate of per annum and computed on the basis of the 360-day year of twelve
30-day months, shall apply to the Convertible Amount until fully paid. Events of Default under the Serina Note include: (i) the commission
of any act of bankruptcy by Serina or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X), (ii) the
execution by Serina of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) the filing by or against Serina or any Significant Subsidiary
(as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) of a petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the federal
bankruptcy act (or, in each case, under any similar insolvency law) or the continuation of such petition without dismissal for a period
of 60 calendar days or more, (iv) the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take possession of the property or assets of Serina or
any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X), (v) failure of Serina to pay any amount due under
the Serina Note when due, which failure to pay is not cured by Serina within 5 business days of written notice thereof, (vi) unless waived
by AgeX, Serina s material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of Serina under the Serina Note Purchase Agreement,
Serina Note or other agreements entered in connection therewith, which breach, if curable, is not cured by Serina within 10 business
days of written notice by AgeX thereof, (vii) Serina or any subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any indebtedness
which default causes the indebtedness thereunder to (x) become prematurely due and payable, (y) be placed on demand or (z) become capable
of being declared by or on behalf of a creditor thereunder to be prematurely due and payable or being placed on demand, in each case,
as a result of such default or any provision having a similar effect (howsoever prescribed), (viii) any monetary judgment, writ or similar
final process shall be entered or filed against Serina, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than
 , and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days,
and (ix) Serina experiences a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Serina Note Purchase Agreement). 

The
Serina Note Purchase Agreement and Serina Note each includes certain covenants that among other matters require financial reporting and
impose certain restrictions, including (i) restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness by Serina and its subsidiaries;
(ii) requiring that Serina use note proceeds and funds that may be raised through certain equity offerings only for research and development
work, professional and administrative expenses, and for general working capital; and (iii) prohibiting Serina from entering into any
material sale or transfer transactions outside of the ordinary course of business, other than in a merger between AgeX and Serina, without
the consent of AgeX. 

Subordination
Agreement 

In
connection with the issuance of the Serina Note, Serina, each other holder of Serina indebtedness (each a Serina Lender ),
and AgeX entered into a Subordination Agreement, dated March 15, 2023, pursuant to which each Serina Lender agreed to subordinate to
AgeX s rights of repayment with respect to the obligations owed under the Serina Note Purchase Agreement and the Serina Note (i)
all Serina indebtedness owed to such Serina Lender under certain convertible notes between each Serina Lender and Serina, which aggregate
principal amount of all of such convertible notes equals ,
and (ii) any related security interests. 

106 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

It
is management s responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal control over all financial reporting pursuant to Rule
13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, have reviewed
and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of our fourth quarter. Following this review
and evaluation , management collectively determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief
executive officer and our chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal
executive officer, our principal operations officer, and our principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management,
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established
in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by COSO. Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of that date,
our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

107 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

Directors 

The
following table sets forth information regarding our Board of Directors as of March 20, 2023: 

Committee Membership 
 
 Name of Director 
 Age 
 Director Since 
 Audit 
 Compensation 
 Nominating and 
 Corporate 
 Governance 
 
 Non-Employee Director 

Gregory H. Bailey, M.D. 
 67 
 August 2018 
 
 Chair 
 Member 
 
 Joanne M. Hackett, Ph.D. 
 44 
 December 2021 
 Member 
 Member 
 Chair 
 
 Michael H. May, Ph.D. 
 54 
 August 2019 
 Chair 
 Member 
 Member 

Gregory
H. Bailey, M.D. joined our Board of Directors in August 2018 and served as the Chairman of our Board of Directors from October 2018
until May 2022. Dr. Bailey is currently the Executive Chairman and formerly served as the Chief Executive Officer of Juvenescence Limited,
a privately held company focused on the development of therapies for ageing and age-related diseases. Dr. Bailey is also a director of
Manx Financial Group, plc, BioHaven Inc, SalvaRx Inc and Portage Biotech. Dr. Bailey has founded and served as a director of a number
of private and public companies and previously served as a managing partner of Palantir Group, Inc., a merchant bank involved in a number
of biotech company startups and financings. Dr. Bailey practiced emergency medicine for ten years before entering finance. Dr. Bailey
received his M.D. from the University of Western Ontario. We believe that Dr. Bailey is qualified to serve on our Board based on his
years of experience in medicine and as an executive and in finance for the biotechnology industry. 

Joanne
M. Hackett , Ph.D. joined our Board of Directors in December 2021 and became the Chairperson of our Board of Directors in May
2022. Dr. Hackett is currently the Head of Genomic and Precision Medicine at IQVIA. IQVIA is a world leader in using data, technology,
advanced analytics, and expertise to help customers drive healthcare forward. From 2017 to 2020 Dr. Hackett served as Chief Commercial
Officer of Genomics England, where she engaged industry, academia and the clinical community to achieve the goal of sequencing genomes
of patients and families of patients with rare diseases, and patients with common cancers. Genomics England is owned by the Department
of Health and Social Care in the United Kingdom. During 2016 and 2017 Dr. Hackett served as Chief Commercial Officer and Interim Chief
Executive Officer of Precision Medicine Catapult, which was established in the United Kingdom with the goal of developing, delivering
and commercializing precision medicine. Dr. Hackett served as Director of Commercial Development for UCLPartners in London, England from
2013 2016. UCLPartners is focused on co-creating, testing and implementing innovative healthcare solutions with its academic
and healthcare partners, and fostering the wider spread and adoption of those solutions. Previously, she served as Chief Operating Officer
and Research Lead at Cambridge University Health Partners, and she has held other positions in the biomedical industry and in academia,
including as a research scientist, and she has served on a number of advisory committees and advisory boards in the biomedical and healthcare
fields. Dr. Hackett holds a PhD in Molecular Genetics from the University of New Brunswick. Dr. Hackett s years of experience in
genomics and regenerative medicine with a focus on commercialization of new therapies and technologies makes her an excellent candidate
to serve on our Board of Directors. 

Michael
H. May, Ph.D. joined our Board of Directors during August 2019. Dr. May is President and Chief Executive Officer of CCRM (Centre
for Commercialization of Regenerative Medicine), the CEO of CCRM Enterprises Inc. (the investment arm of CCRM) and Chair of the Board
of OmniaBio (a CDMO spin-off of CCRM). CCRM is a public- private consortium founded under Canada s Centres of Excellence for Commercialization
and Research Program to generate sustainable health and economic benefits through global collaboration in cell and gene therapy, and
regenerative medicine. Dr. May co-founded Rimon Therapeutics Ltd., a Toronto- based tissue engineering company developing novel medical
polymers that possess drug-like activity, and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Rimon from 2000 to 2006, and President
and Chief Operating Officer from 2006 to 2010. Dr. May serves on a number of boards of directors and advisory committees in the field
of stem cell research and regenerative medicine, including at the International Society for Cell Therapy (ISCT) and the Foundation for
Cell Gene Medicine. Dr. May completed his PhD in Chemical Engineering at the University of Toronto in 1998 as an NSERC Scholar
and was awarded the Martin Walmsley Fellowship for Technological Entrepreneurship. We believe that Dr. May is qualified to serve on our
Board based on his years of experience in tissue engineering and the fields of stem cell research and regenerative medicine. 

108 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The members of the Audit Committee are Michael H. May and Joanne M. Hackett,
each of whom qualifies as being independent under Section 8.03(A) and 8.03(B) of the NYSE American Company Guide and under
Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Annalisa Jenkins also served as the chair of the Audit Committee during 2021. Michael H. May is the Chair
of the Audit Committee. The purpose of the Audit Committee is to recommend the engagement of our independent registered public accountants,
to review their performance and the plan, scope, and results of the audit, and to review and approve the fees we pay to our independent
registered public accountants. The Audit Committee also will review our accounting and financial reporting procedures and controls, and
all transactions between us and our executive officers, directors, and stockholders who beneficially own 5 or more of any class of our
voting securities. We have adopted a written charter for our Audit Committee which we have posted on our website at www.agexinc.com .
The Board of Directors has also determined that Dr. May is financially sophisticated within the meaning of the rules and
regulations of the NYSE American and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined under applicable rules
and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE American. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officers, our
principal financial officer and accounting officer, our other executive officers, and our directors. The purpose of the Code of Ethics
is to promote (i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal
and professional relationships; (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file
with or submit to the SEC and in our other public communications; (iii) compliance with applicable governmental rules and regulations;
(iv) prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Ethics;
and (v) accountability for adherence to the Code of Ethics. A copy of our Code of Ethics has been posted on our internet website and
can be found at www.agexinc.com . We intend to disclose any future amendments to certain provisions of our Code of Ethics, and
any waivers of those provisions granted to our principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller or persons performing similar functions, by posting the information on our website within four business days following
the date of the amendment or waiver. 

Information
About Our Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers as of March 20, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Officer
 Since 
 
 Position 
 
 Michael
 D. West, Ph.D. 
 
 69 
 
 January
 2017 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Andrea
 E. Park 
 
 51 
 
 May
 2020 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Nafees
 N. Malik, MBChB, MPhil 
 
 45 
 
 October
 2018 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Hal
 Sternberg, Ph.D. 
 
 69 
 
 August
 2017 
 
 Vice
 President of Research 

Michael
D. West, Ph.D. has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2017 and served as a member of our Board of Directors from
January 2017 until March 9, 2023. Dr. West was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly BioTime,
Inc.) during October 2007 and then served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from October 2015 until September 2018. Dr. West also served
as interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. from April 2014 to June 2014, and as Vice President
of Technology Integration of Asterias until December 2015. Dr. West served as a director of: Lineage from 2002 until September 2018;
Asterias from 2012 until September 2018; and Oncocyte Corporation from 2013 to 2016. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer of Lineage,
Dr. West served as Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chief Scientific Officer of Ocata Therapeutics, Inc., a company engaged in
developing human stem cell technology for use in regenerative medicine. Dr. West also founded Geron Corporation of Menlo Park, California,
and from 1990 to 1998, he was a Director and Vice-President, where he initiated and managed programs in telomerase diagnostics, oligonucleotide-based
telomerase inhibition as anti-tumor therapy, and the cloning and use of telomerase in telomerase-mediated therapy wherein telomerase
is utilized to immortalize human cells. From 1995 to 1998 he organized and managed the research between Geron and its academic collaborators,
James Thomson and John Gearhart, which led to the first isolation of human embryonic stem and human embryonic germ cells. Dr. West received
a B.S. from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1976, an M.S. in Biology from Andrews University in 1982, and a Ph.D. from Baylor College
of Medicine in 1989 concentrating on the biology of cellular aging. Dr. West is an internationally renowned pioneer and expert in stem
cell research, and we believe that he is qualified to serve on our Board based on his years of executive experience in the fields of
stem cell research and regenerative medicine. 

Andrea
E. Park, CPA (inactive) was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer during May 2020. Ms. Park served as our Vice President of Finance
and Controller since October 2019. Ms. Park s career spans over 24 years of public accounting and finance experience. Before joining
AgeX, Ms. Park served as Vice President of Finance and Controller from June 2016 to September 2019 and as Corporate Controller from February
2005 to June 2016 for Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly BioTime, Inc.). While at Lineage, Ms. Park was directly involved in the
accounting and financial reporting of the public spin off and eventually the deconsolidation of three of its then subsidiaries including
Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc., Oncocyte Corporation and AgeX. Earlier in her career she has worked in the audit and assurance practice
at Deloitte. Ms. Park has a B.A. in Business Economics with Concentration in Accounting from the University of California, Santa Barbara. 

109 

Nafees
N. Malik, MBChB, MPhil was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer during October 2018. He was also appointed Head of Cell and Gene
Therapy at Juvenescence UK Ltd during October 2018. He founded and was managing director of Asklepian Consulting Limited from June 2013
where he focused on the strategic and commercial analysis of cell and gene therapies and regenerative medicine. Dr. Malik received his
medical degree from the University of Liverpool and his Master of Philosophy degree in Bioscience Enterprise from the University of Cambridge. 

Hal
Sternberg, Ph.D. was appointed Vice President of Research in August 2017. Prior to serving in that role, Dr. Sternberg was Vice President
of Research of Lineage for over 25 years and was one of Lineage co-founders. Prior to co-founding and joining Lineage, Dr. Sternberg
held various positions at the University of California at Berkeley from 1982 to 1988, where he supervised a team of researchers studying
Alzheimer s Disease. Dr. Sternberg holds a M.S. in Chemistry and Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Maryland. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent (10 of a registered class
of our equity securities Reporting Persons to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in
ownership of our common stock and other AgeX equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners are
required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all reports they file under Section 16(a). 

To
our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto filed during the last fiscal year, and
Forms 5 and amendments thereto filed with respect to the last fiscal year, by the Reporting Persons, or written representation from the
Reporting Persons that no Form 5 was required, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors, and greater
than ten percent beneficial owners were complied with during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Emerging
Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 and a smaller reporting
company as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. As an emerging growth company and as a smaller reporting company we
may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable, in general, to public companies
that are not emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies. Accordingly, this Report includes reduced disclosure about our
executive compensation arrangements. 

The
following table shows certain information relating to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and the two highest paid individuals
who were serving as executive officers at year end and in each case whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 during 2022. We refer
to these individuals as our Named Executive Officers. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Named Executive Officers in respect of their service
to the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Option Awards (1) 
 All Other Compensation (2) 
 Total 
 
 Michael D. West 
 2022 
 546,782 
 - 
 15,250 
 562,032 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 546,782 
 137,501 (3) 
 14,500 
 698,783 

Andrea E. Park 
 2022 
 281,228 
 - 
 14,061 
 295,289 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 266,019 
 85,938 (4) 
 13,301 
 365,258 

Nafees N. Malik (5) 
 2022 
 282,272 (6) 
 - 
 - 
 282,272 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 282,272 (6) 
 85,938 (4) 
 - 
 368,210 

(1) Amounts
 shown in this column do not reflect dollar amounts actually received by our Named Executive
 Officers. Instead, these amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of each stock
 option granted, computed in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
 Compensation . We used the Black-Scholes Pricing Model to compute option fair values based
 on applicable exercise and stock prices, an expected option term, volatility assumptions,
 and risk-free interest rates. Our Named Executive Officers will only realize compensation
 upon exercise of the stock options and to the extent the trading price of our common stock
 is greater than the exercise price of such stock options at the time of exercise. 

One
fourth of the options will vest upon completion of 12 full months of continuous employment measured from the date of grant, and the balance
of the options vest in 36 equal monthly installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant, based on the completion
of each month of continuous service as an employee or director of AgeX or its subsidiaries. 

110 

(2) Amounts
 represent 401(k) matching contributions by us for the periods presented unless described
 otherwise. 

(3) Dr.
 West s equity awards in 2021 reflect the fair value of 120,000 stock options awarded
 in June 2021. 

(4) Equity
 awards in 2021 to Ms. Park and Dr. Malik reflect the fair value of 75,000 stock options awarded
 in June 2021. 

(5) Dr.
 Malik serves as our Chief Operating Officer as a consultant, with his services provided by
 Juvenescence. Dr. Malik devotes a majority of his time to AgeX s operations and AgeX
 reimburses Juvenescence for his services. 

(6) Amounts
 represent consulting fees paid to Juvenescence for Dr. Malik s services to AgeX. 

Employment
Agreements and Change of Control Provisions 

Michael
D. West: We have entered into an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer Michael D. West, effective October 18,
2018 (the West Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the West Employment Agreement, Dr. West s annual base salary was
initially set at 525,000. Under the West Employment Agreement, Dr. West is eligible to earn an annual incentive cash bonus with a target
of no less than 50 of annual base salary. Actual bonus amounts will be based on Dr. West s attainment of individual performance
goals at target levels set by the Board of Directors for the applicable calendar year. If such performance goals for the applicable year
are fully achieved, the Board of Directors may approve a bonus amount exceeding the target bonus level. 

Under
the West Employment Agreement, Dr. West has been granted options to purchase 500,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price
of 3.00 per share, with one fourth of the options vesting following 12 full months of continuous service as an employee of AgeX, measured
from the date of grant, and the balance vesting in 36 equal monthly installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant,
based upon the completion of each month of continuous service as an employee of AgeX. Such options expire on the earliest of (1) 10 years
from the date of grant, (2) three months after Dr. West ceases to provide continuous service to us (other than due to death or disability)
or (3) one year after Dr. West ceases to provide continuous service to us due to death or disability. 

Under
the West Employment Agreement, Dr. West has agreed to certain covenants regarding confidential information and assignment of inventions,
as well as a covenant not to solicit our employees during Dr. West s employment with us and for one year thereafter. The West Employment
Agreement also includes a covenant not to compete with us during his employment. In the event of Dr. West s resignation or termination
from AgeX for any reason, Dr. West has agreed to promptly resign from the Board of Directors of AgeX and any of its subsidiaries. 

Andrea
E. Park: We have entered into an employment agreement with our Chief Financial Officer Andrea E. Park, effective May 15, 2020
(the Park Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Park Employment Agreement, Ms. Park s annual base salary was initially
set at 265,000. Under the Park Employment Agreement, Ms. Park is eligible to earn an annual incentive cash bonus with a target of no
less than 40 of annual base salary. Actual bonus amounts will be based on Ms. Park s attainment of individual performance goals
at target levels set by the Board of Directors for the applicable calendar year. If such performance goals for the applicable year are
fully achieved, the Board of Directors may approve a bonus amount exceeding the target bonus level. 

Under
the Park Employment Agreement, Ms. Park has been granted options to purchase 300,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price
of 0.738 per share, with one fourth of the options vesting following 12 full months of continuous service as an employee of AgeX, measured
from the date of grant, and the balance vesting in 36 equal monthly installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant,
based upon the completion of each month of continuous service as an employee of AgeX. Such options expire on the earliest of (1) 10 years
from the date of grant, (2) three months after Ms. Park s ceases to provide continuous service to us (other than due to death or
disability) or (3) one year after Ms. Park ceases to provide continuous service to us due to death or disability. 

111 

Severance
and Change of Control Arrangements for Dr. West and Ms. Park 

Pursuant
to the West Employment Agreement and Park Employment Agreement, each officer is entitled to severance benefits under certain circumstances. 

If
we terminate Dr. West s employment without cause or he resigns for good reason at any time, he will
be entitled to (1) 12 months base salary, (2) all accrued but unpaid salary earned prior to or as of the date of termination or resignation,
(3) full payment of Dr. West s target bonus due for such year and (4) for a period of six months, all benefits under any health
insurance plan of AgeX. In addition, if we terminate Dr. West s employment without cause or he resigns for good
reason, (1) all of Dr. West s outstanding equity awards that would otherwise have vested during the 12 months following
termination or resignation will become fully vested and exercisable immediately and (2) with respect to any outstanding vested but unexercised
options, the exercise period following termination or resignation will be extended to the earlier of the (A) 12 months after termination
or (B) the natural expiration date of the applicable option. If we terminate Dr. West s employment without cause, 
or he resigns for good reason, following a Change of Control, (1) Dr. West will be entitled to all of the
benefits and payments that he would have been entitled to if his employment had been otherwise terminated without cause 
or if he resigned for good reason, as set forth above, and (2) all of Dr. West s unvested options and restricted
stock units, if any, will become fully vested and exercisable immediately. The severance compensation may be paid in a lump sum or, at
our election, in installments consistent with the payment of Dr. West s salary while employed by us. In order to receive the severance
benefits, Dr. West must execute a general release of all claims against us. 

If
we terminate Ms. Park s employment without cause or she resigns for good reason at any time, she will
be entitled to (1) 9 months base salary, (2) all accrued but unpaid salary earned prior to or as of the date of termination or resignation,
(3) full payment of Ms. Park s target bonus due for such year and (4) for a period of six months, all benefits under any health
insurance plan of AgeX. In addition, if we terminate Ms. Park s employment without cause or she resigns for good
reason, (1) all of Ms. Park s outstanding equity awards that would otherwise have vested during the 12 months following
termination or resignation will become fully vested and exercisable immediately and (2) with respect to any outstanding vested but unexercised
options, the exercise period following termination or resignation will be extended to the earlier of the (A) 9 months after termination
or (B) the natural expiration date of the applicable option. If we terminate Ms. Park s employment without cause, 
or she resigns for good reason, following a Change of Control, (1) Ms. Park will be entitled to all of the
benefits and payments that she would have been entitled to if her employment had been otherwise terminated without cause 
or if she resigned for good reason, as set forth above, and (2) all of Ms. Park s unvested options and restricted
stock units, if any, will become fully vested and exercisable immediately. The severance compensation may be paid in a lump sum or, at
our election, in installments consistent with the payment of Ms. Park s salary while employed by us. In order to receive the severance
benefits, Ms. Park must execute a general release of all claims against us. 

Change
of Control, as defined in the West Employment Agreement means any one of the following: 

the
 acquisition of our voting securities by a person or an Affiliated Group entitling the holder
 to elect a majority of our directors, except that an increase in the amount of voting securities
 held by a person or Affiliated Group who on the date of the Employment Agreement beneficially
 owned more than 10 of our voting securities will not be a Change of Control. In addition,
 an acquisition of voting securities by one or more persons acting as an underwriter in connection
 with a sale or distribution of voting securities will not constitute a Change of Control; 

the
 sale of all or substantially all of our assets; or 

a
 merger or consolidation in which we merge or consolidate into another corporation or entity
 in which our stockholders immediately before the merger or consolidation do not own, in the
 aggregate, voting securities of the surviving corporation or entity entitling them, in the
 aggregate (and without regard to whether they constitute an Affiliated Group) to elect a
 majority of the directors or persons holding similar powers of the surviving corporation
 or entity. 

A
Change of Control will not occur if all of the persons acquiring our voting securities or assets, or merging or consolidating with us,
are one or more of our direct or indirect subsidiaries or parent corporations. Affiliated Group means (A) a person and
one or more other persons in control of, controlled by, or under common control with, such person; and (B) two or more persons who, by
written agreement among them, act in concert to acquire voting securities entitling them to elect a majority of our directors. 

112 

Equity
Awards Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

The
following table summarizes certain information concerning outstanding stock options and restricted stock units RSUs granted
by us under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan and held by our Named Executive Officers as of December
31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Number of 
 Shares or 
 Units of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Market 
 Value of 
 Shares or 
 Units of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Exercisable (1) 
 Unexercisable 
 Price 
 Date 
 Vested 
 Vested (2) 
 
 Michael D. West 
 6/4/2021 
 45,000 
 75,000 
 1.45 
 6/3/2031 
 - 
 - 

3/11/2019 
 93,752 
 6,248 
 4.28 
 3/10/2029 
 3,125 (3) 
 1,725 

10/18/2018 
 500,000 
 - 
 3.00 
 10/17/2028 
 - 
 - 

10/10/2017 
 660,000 
 - 
 2.00 
 10/9/2027 
 - 
 - 

Andrea E. Park 
 6/4/2021 
 28,125 
 46,875 
 1.45 
 6/3/2031 
 - 
 - 

5/21/2020 
 193,750 
 106,250 
 0.738 
 5/20/2030 
 - 
 - 

10/1/2019 
 15,833 
 4,167 
 1.77 
 9/30/2029 
 - 
 - 

Nafees N. Malik 
 6/4/2021 
 28,125 
 46,875 
 1.45 
 6/3/2031 
 - 
 - 

3/11/2019 
 65,626 
 4,374 
 4.28 
 3/10/2029 
 - 
 - 

10/18/2018 
 350,000 
 - 
 3.00 
 10/17/2028 
 - 
 - 

(1) Vesting
 of all options is subject to continued service as an employee, director and/or consultant
 of AgeX or a subsidiary on the applicable vesting date. One fourth
 of the options vested or will vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant, and the
 remaining balance of the options vested or will vest in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter. 

(2) Value
 calculated based on 0.5519 closing price of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American on December
 30, 2022. 

(3) Represents
 RSUs which have vested or will vest according to the following schedule: 12,500 of the shares
 vested on March 11, 2020, and the remaining 37,500 of the shares vested or will vest in equal
 quarterly installments over a period of 3 years through March 11, 2023. Each RSU represents
 a contingent right to receive one share of AgeX common stock. 

Risk
Considerations and Recoupment Policies 

The
Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors considers, in establishing and reviewing the executive compensation program, whether
the program encourages unnecessary or excessive risk taking. Most of our executive compensation arrangements include a fixed salary that
provides a steady income so that executives do not feel pressured to focus exclusively on stock price performance or short term financial
targets to the detriment of our long-term operational and strategic objectives. We supplement fixed salaries with discretionary bonus
awards based on the executive s performance as well as the performance of AgeX. The stock options and RSUs that we have granted
to our executive officers under the Incentive Plan vest over four years, assuring that the executives take a long-term perspective in
viewing their equity ownership. Because we have not adopted compensation plans, or made incentive awards, based on quantified financial
performance measures, we have not adopted specific policies regarding the adjustment or recovery of awards or payments if the relevant
performance measures are restated or otherwise adjusted in a manner that would reduce the size of an award or payment. We may adopt such
policies, however, if we adopt incentive compensation plans or grant incentive bonuses based on financial performance measures or if
we are required to do by the rules of any national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system on which our common stock or other
equity securities are listed. 

Incentive
Plan 

The
following summary of the Incentive Plan is a summary only and does not purport to include all of the terms of the Incentive Plan, and
is qualified by the full terms of the Incentive Plan. The Incentive Plan permits us to grant awards Awards for up to
an aggregate of 8,500,000 shares of our common stock. Awards may include stock options, the grant or sale of restricted stock Restricted
Stock ), stock appreciation rights SARs ), and restricted stock units or RSUs which are hypothetical units issued
with reference to our common stock,. Awards may be granted under the Incentive Plan to employees, directors, and consultants of AgeX
and our subsidiaries, including also subsidiaries that we may form or acquire in the future. The Incentive Plan will be administered
by our Board of Directors (the Board or by a committee authorized by our Board Committee ), who will make
all determinations with regard to the grant and terms of Awards, subject to the terms of the Incentive Plan. 

Awards
may vest and thereby become exercisable or have restrictions on forfeiture lapse on the date of grant or in periodic installments or
upon the attainment of performance goals, or upon the occurrence of specified events as determined by the Board or the Committee. The
Board or Committee, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of an Award after the date of grant. 

113 

No
person shall be granted, during any one year period, options to purchase, or SARs with respect to, more than 1,000,000 shares in the
aggregate, or any Awards of Restricted Stock or RSUs with respect to more than 500,000 shares in the aggregate. If an Award is to be
settled in cash, the number of shares on which the Award is based shall not count toward the individual share limit. 

No
Awards may be granted under the Incentive Plan more than ten years after the date upon which the Incentive Plan was adopted by the Board,
and no options or SARS granted under the Incentive Plan may be exercised after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant. 

Stock
Options 

Options
granted under the Incentive Plan may be either incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, or non-qualified stock options that do not qualify incentive stock options.
Incentive stock options may be granted only to employees of AgeX and its subsidiaries. The exercise price of stock options granted under
the Incentive Plan must be equal to the fair market of our common stock on the date the option is granted. In the case of an optionee
who, at the time of grant, owns more than 10 of the combined voting power of all classes of our stock, the exercise price of any incentive
stock option must be at least 110 of the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date, and the term of the option may be
no longer than five years. The aggregate fair market value of common stock (determined as of the grant date of the option) with respect
to which incentive stock options become exercisable for the first time by an optionee in any calendar year may not exceed 100,000. 

The
exercise price of an option may be payable in cash or in shares of our common stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise
price, or in a combination of cash and common stock, or other legal consideration for the issuance of stock as the Board or Committee
may approve. 

Generally,
options will be exercisable only while the optionee remains an employee, director or consultant, or during a specific period thereafter
as approved by the Board or Committee, which will generally be three months, but in the case of the termination of an employee, director,
or consultant s services due to death or disability, the period for exercising a vested option shall be extended to the earlier
of 12 months after termination or the expiration date of the option. 

The
number of shares covered by the Incentive Plan, and the number of shares and the exercise price per share of each outstanding option,
shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock resulting
from a subdivision or consolidation of shares or the payment of a stock dividend, or any other increase or decrease in the number of
issued and outstanding shares of common stock effected without receipt of consideration by us. 

Restricted
Stock and RSUs 

In
lieu of granting options, we may enter into purchase agreements with employees under which they may purchase or otherwise acquire Restricted
Stock or RSUs subject to such vesting, transfer, and repurchase terms and restrictions as the Board or Committee may determine. We may
permit employees or consultants who purchase Restricted Stock to pay for their shares by delivering a promissory note or an installment
payment agreement that may be secured by a pledge of their Restricted Stock. We may also issue Restricted Stock for services actually
performed by the recipient prior to the issuance of the Restricted Stock. 

The
Board or Committee may require that Restricted Stock shall be held by us or in escrow pending the expiration or release of the applicable
restrictions. Unvested Restricted Stock for which we have not received payment may be forfeited to us, or we may have the right to repurchase
unvested shares upon the occurrence of specified events, such as termination of employment. 

Subject
to the restrictions set by the Board or Committee, a recipient of Restricted Stock generally shall have the rights and privileges of
a stockholder, including the right to vote the Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends; provided that, any cash dividends
and stock dividends with respect to the Restricted Stock shall be withheld by us for the recipient s account, and interest may
be credited on the amount of the cash dividends withheld at a rate and subject to such terms as determined by the Board or Committee.
The cash dividends or stock dividends so withheld and attributable to any particular share of Restricted Stock (and earnings thereon,
if applicable) shall be distributed to the recipient in cash or, at the discretion of the Board or Committee, in common stock having
a fair market value equal to the amount of such dividends, if applicable, upon the release of restrictions on the Restricted Stock and,
if the Restricted Stock is forfeited, the recipient shall have no right to the dividends. 

The
terms and conditions of a grant of RSUs shall be determined by the Board or Committee. No common stock shall be issued at the time a
RSU is granted, and we will not be required to set aside a fund for the payment of any such award. A recipient of RSUs shall have no
voting rights with respect to the RSUs. Upon the expiration of the restrictions applicable to a RSU, we will either issue to the recipient,
without charge, one share of common stock per RSU or cash in an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of common stock. 

At
the discretion of the Board or Committee, each RSU (representing one share of common stock) may be credited with cash and stock dividends
paid in respect of one share Dividend Equivalents ). Dividend Equivalents shall be withheld by us for the recipient s
account, and interest may be credited on the amount of cash Dividend Equivalents withheld at a rate and subject to such terms as determined
by the Board or Committee. Dividend Equivalents credited to a recipient s account and attributable to any particular RSU (and earnings
thereon, if applicable) shall be distributed in cash or, at the discretion of the Board or Committee, in common stock having a fair market
value equal to the amount of the Dividend Equivalents and earnings, if applicable, upon settlement of the RSU. If a RSU is forfeited,
the recipient shall have no right to the related Dividend Equivalents. 

114 

SARs 

An
SAR is the right to receive, upon exercise, an amount payable in cash or shares or a combination of shares and cash, as determined by
the Board or Committee, equal to the number of shares subject to the SAR that is being exercised, multiplied by the excess of (a) the
fair market value of a share of common stock on the date the SAR is exercised, over (b) the exercise price specified in the SAR Award
agreement. SARs may be granted either as free standing SARs or in tandem with options, and with such terms and conditions as the Board
or Committee may determine. No SAR may be exercised later than 10 years after the date of grant. 

The
exercise price of an SAR will be determined by the Board or Committee, but shall not be less than 100 of the fair market value of one
share of common stock on the date of grant. An SAR granted in conjunction with an option shall have the same exercise price as the related
option, shall be transferable only upon the same terms and conditions as the related option, and shall be exercisable only to the same
extent as the related option; provided, however, that the SAR by its terms shall be exercisable only when the fair market value per share
exceeds the exercise price per share of the SAR or related option. Upon any exercise of an SAR granted in tandem with an option, the
number of shares for which the related option shall be exercisable shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the SAR has been
exercised. The number of shares for which an SAR issued in tandem with an option shall be exercisable shall be reduced by the number
of shares for which the related option has been exercised. 

Withholding 

To
the extent provided by the terms of an Award Agreement or as may be approved by the AgeX Board or Committee, an optionee or recipient
of a Restricted Stock or RSU Award or SAR may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the Award by
any of the following means (in addition to our right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Award recipient) or by a combination
of such means: (a) tendering a cash payment; (b) authorizing us to withhold shares of common stock from the shares otherwise issuable
to the recipient as a result of the exercise or acquisition of shares under the Award, provided, however, that no shares are withheld
with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or (c) delivering to us previously owned and unencumbered
shares of our common stock. 

Changes
in Shares Under the Incentive Plan 

In
the event of changes in the outstanding common stock or in our capital structure by reason of any stock or extraordinary cash dividend,
stock split, reverse stock split, an extraordinary corporate transaction such as any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation,
combination, exchange, or other relevant change in capitalization, the terms of Awards granted under the Incentive Plan, and the maximum
number of shares subject to all Awards under the Incentive Plan or with respect to which any one person may be granted Awards during
any one year period, will be equitably adjusted or substituted, as to the number, price or kind of shares or other consideration subject
to the Awards to the extent necessary to preserve the economic intent of the Awards. In making such adjustments, the Board or Committee
shall generally ensure that the adjustments will not constitute a modification, extension or renewal of an incentive stock option within
the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of the Code, and in the case of non-qualified options, ensure that any adjustments will not constitute
a modification of such non-qualified options within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

Restrictions
on Transfers of Options 

Under
the Incentive Plan, stock options may be transferred to a limited class of defined Permitted Transferees, such as the option
holder s immediate family members, family trusts and family controlled companies. In addition, options may be transferred to a
securities broker/dealer to exercise the options on the option holder s behalf as a means of the option holder obtaining the funds
needed to exercise the option, provided that the fair market value of the shares being acquired exceeded the exercise price of the option
at the close of the market on the trading day preceding the exercise date. 

Repricing
Prohibition 

The
Plan prohibits any modification of the purchase price or exercise price of an outstanding option or other Award if the change would effect
a repricing without stockholder approval. As defined in the Incentive Plan, repricing means a reduction in
the exercise price of an outstanding option or SAR or cancellation of an underwater or out-of-the-money Award
in exchange for other Awards or cash. An underwater or out-of-the-money Award is defined to mean an Award
for which the exercise price is less than the fair market value of our common stock. The fair market value will generally
be determined by the AgeX Board, but if our common stock becomes publicly traded, the fair market value will be the closing price of
the common stock on a national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the common stock is traded. 

115 

Limitation
on Share Recycling 

Shares
subject to an Award shall not again be made available for issuance or delivery under the Incentive Plan if those shares are (a) shares
tendered in payment of an option, (b) shares delivered or withheld by us to satisfy any tax withholding obligation, (c) shares covered
by a stock-settled SAR or other Award that were not issued upon the settlement of the Award, or (d) shares repurchased by us using the
proceeds from option exercises. Only shares subject to an Award that is cancelled or forfeited or expires prior to exercise or realization
may be regranted under the Incentive Plan. 

The
foregoing description of the Incentive Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Incentive Plan, a copy of which is filed
as an Exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Other
Compensation Plans 

We
do not have any pension plans, defined benefit plans, or non-qualified deferred compensation plans. We may make contributions to 401(k)
plan accounts for participating executive officers and other employees. 

Non-Employee
Director Compensation 

Directors
and members of committees of the Board of Directors who are our employees are entitled to receive compensation as employees but are not
compensated for serving as directors or attending meetings of the Board or committees of the Board. All directors are entitled to reimbursements
for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board or committees of the Board. 

The
following table summarizes certain information concerning the compensation paid during the past fiscal year to each of the persons who
served as directors during the year ended December 31, 2022 and who were not our employees on the date the compensation was earned. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Option Awards (1) 
 
 Total 
 
 Gregory H. Bailey 
 49,010 
 - 
 
 49,010 
 
 Joanne M. Hackett (2) 
 55,740 
 47,325 
 
 103,065 
 
 Michael H. May 
 44,875 
 - 
 
 44,875 

(1) In
 accordance with SEC rules, the amounts shown reflect the aggregate grant date fair value
 of stock awards granted to Non-Employee Directors during 2021, computed in accordance with
 Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 FASB
 ASC 718 ). The grant date fair value for the stock options is measured based on the
 closing price of AgeX s common stock on the date of grant. See Note 8, Stock-Based
 Awards to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for
 details as to the assumptions used to determine the fair value of the awards. 

(2) Dr.
 Hackett was elected as a director on December 29, 2021. On February 2, 2022, Dr. Hackett
 was awarded 65,000 stock options which had a fair value of 47,325 on the grant date. These
 options became exercisable in four equal calendar quarters and were fully vested as December
 31, 2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 20, 2023, by (i) each of our
named executive officers, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and (iv) each person,
or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock. Our calculation of the percentage
of beneficial ownership is based on 37,951,261 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 20, 2023. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if
he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security, including options that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days of March 20, 2023, and restricted stock units that will vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023. Shares of
our common stock issuable pursuant to stock options and restricted stock units currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of
March 20, 2023, and restricted stock units that will vest within 60 days of March 20, 2023, are deemed outstanding for computing the
percentage of the person holding such equity awards and the percentage of any group of which the person is a member but are not deemed
outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information
furnished to us, that the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares they beneficially
own, subject to community property laws where applicable. The information does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any
other purpose, including for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

116 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 5 Stockholders 

Juvenescence Limited and certain affiliates (1) 
 79,425,155 
 78.7 
 
 Broadwood Partners, L.P. and certain affiliates (2) 
 3,003,446 
 7.9 

Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Michael D. West (3) 
 1,359,482 
 3.5 
 
 Andrea E. Park (4) 
 272,955 

Nafees N. Malik (5) 
 455,937 
 1.2 
 
 Gregory H. Bailey (6) 
 165,000 

Joanne M. Hackett (6) 
 65,000 

Michael H. May (6) 
 126,534 

All executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) (7) 
 2,512,436 
 6.2 

Less
 than 1 

(1) Includes
 16,447,500 shares held by Juvenescence US Corp, a wholly-owned US subsidiary of Juvenescence,
 Limited, 13,271,230 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of common stock purchase
 warrants and additional 49,706,335 shares that may be acquired through the conversion of
 the current amounts outstanding under the terms of the 2020 Loan Agreement, Secured Note,
 or 10 Million Secured Note into shares of AgeX common stock at an assumed conversion price
 of 0.647 per share based on the closing price of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American
 on March 17, 2023. The address of Juvenescence is 18 Athol Street, Douglas, Isle of Man IM1
 1JA. The foregoing information is based solely on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on
 March 22, 2023, which provides information only as of March 15, 2023 and consequently,
 Juvenescence s beneficial ownership may have changed since that date. 

(2) Includes
 2,997,156 shares owned by Broadwood Partners, L.P. and 6,290 shares owned by Neal Bradsher.
 Broadwood Capital, Inc. is the general partner of Broadwood Partners, L.P. Neal Bradsher
 is the President of Broadwood Capital, Inc. Mr. Bradsher and Broadwood Capital, Inc. have
 disclaimed beneficial ownership of the shares owned by Broadwood Partners, L.P. except to
 the extent of their respective pecuniary interests in such shares. The address of these entities
 is 142 West 57 th Street, 11 th Floor, New York, NY 10019. The foregoing
 information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on December 10, 2018, which
 provides information only as of November 28, 2018. Consequently, the beneficial ownership
 of these reporting entities or persons may have changed since that date. 

(3) Includes
 1,317,500 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options that are
 presently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days. Excludes 62,500 shares
 that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options that are not presently exercisable
 and that will not become exercisable within 60 days. 

(4) Includes
 272,604 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options
 that are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days. Excludes 122,396
 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options that are not presently
 exercisable and that will not become exercisable within 60 days. 

(5) Consists
 entirely shares of common stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options
 that are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days. Excludes 39,063
 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options that are not presently
 exercisable and that will not become exercisable within 60 days. 

(6) Consists
 entirely shares of common stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options
 that are presently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days. 

(7) Includes
 2,469,970 shares that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options that are
 presently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days. Excludes 226,564 shares
 that may be acquired upon the exercise of certain stock options that are not presently exercisable
 and that will not become exercisable within 60 days. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Compensation
of Our Chief Operating Officer 

Since
October 2018, AgeX s Chief Operating Officer, Nafees N. Malik, who is an employee of Juvenescence, has been devoting a majority
of his time to AgeX s operations for which AgeX reimburses Juvenescence for his services on an agreed upon fixed annual rate of
approximately 272,000 from October 18, 2018 through March 10, 2019 and approximately 283,000 from March 11, 2019 through December 31,
2022. Additionally, Dr. Malik received a 50,000 bonus in March 2019. As of December 31, 2022 AgeX had accrued approximately 141,000
payable to Juvenescence for Dr. Malik s services rendered. 

117 

2019
Loan Agreement and Warrant Agreement 

On
August 13, 2019, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into a Loan Facility Agreement (the 2019 Loan Agreement pursuant to which
Juvenescence has provided to AgeX a 2.0 million line of credit for a period of 18 months. On February 10, 2021, AgeX entered into an
amendment (the First Amendment to the 2019 Loan Agreement. The First Amendment extended the maturity date of loans under
the 2019 Loan Agreement to February 14, 2022 and increased the amount of the loan facility by 4.0 million. On November 8, 2021, AgeX
entered into Amendment No. 2 (the Second Amendment to the 2019 Loan Agreement. The Second Amendment increased the amount
of the loan facility by another 1.0 million. As of December 31, 2021, AgeX had borrowed all of the 7.0 million total line of credit
under the 2019 Loan Agreement, as amended. Concurrent with the first draw down of funds under the 2019 Loan Agreement, AgeX issued to
Juvenescence 19,000 shares of AgeX common stock, with an approximate value of 56,000. On February 14, 2022, AgeX refinanced the 7.0
million outstanding principal amount of the loans and a 160,000 origination fee due under the 2019 Loan Agreement, as amended. See the
discussion below regarding the Secured Note and repayment of the amounts borrowed under the 2019 Loan Agreement. 

As
consideration for the line of credit under the 2019 Loan Agreement, AgeX issued to Juvenescence warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of
AgeX common stock, with an exercise price of 2.60 per share, which was the volume weighted average price on the NYSE American (VWAP)
of AgeX common stock over the twenty trading days prior to the date the warrants were issued. The warrants expired on August 12, 2022. 

2020
Loan Agreement and New Warrant Agreement 

On
March 30, 2020, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into the 2020 Loan Agreement, which was amended on March 13, 2023
to extend the maturity date by one year, pursuant to which Juvenescence provided to AgeX an 8.0
million line of credit. AgeX has borrowed the full 8.0 million line of credit. The outstanding principal balance of the loans under
the 2020 Loan Agreement will become due and payable upon maturity on March 30, 2024, provided, however, that maturity date may be accelerated
to an earlier date if an Event of Default occurs. 

Conversion
of Loan Amounts into Common Stock In lieu of repayment of funds borrowed, AgeX may convert the loan balance into AgeX common
stock or units if AgeX consummates a sale of common stock (or common stock paired with warrants or other convertible securities
in units in which the gross sale proceeds are at least 10,000,000. The conversion price per share or units shall be the
lowest price at which shares or units are sold. Juvenescence may convert the loan balance in whole or in part into AgeX common stock
at any time at Juvenescence s election at the closing price per share of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American or other national
securities exchange on the date prior to the date Juvenescence gives AgeX notice Juvenescence s election to convert the loan or
a portion thereof into common stock. 

Common
Stock and 2020 Warrants Under the terms of the 2020 Loan Agreement, AgeX issued to Juvenescence 28,500 shares of AgeX common
stock as an arrangement fee for the loan facility when AgeX borrowed an aggregate of 3.0 million, and AgeX issued to Juvenescence warrants
to purchase a total of 3,670,663 shares of AgeX common stock 2020 Warrants ). The number of 2020 Warrants issued was determined
as follows: each time AgeX received an advance of funds under the 2020 Loan Agreement, AgeX issued to Juvenescence a number of 2020 Warrants
equal to 50 of the number determined by dividing the amount of the advance by the applicable Market Price. The Market Price set each
2020 Warrant when issued was the closing price per share of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American on the date of the applicable notice
from AgeX requesting a draw of funds that triggered the obligation to issue the 2020 Warrant. The exercise price of the 2020 Warrants
is the applicable Market Price. The 2020 Warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m. New York time three years after the date of issue. As of December
31, 2022, AgeX had issued to Juvenescence 2020 Warrants to purchase 3,670,663 shares of AgeX common stock. The exercise prices of the
2020 Warrants issued through December 31, 2022 range from 0.70 per share to 1.895 per share representing the market closing price on
the NYSE American of AgeX common stock on the one day prior to delivery of the drawdown notices. The number of shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and the exercise price per share are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events such as a stock split
or reverse split or combination of the common stock, stock dividend, recapitalization or reclassification of the common stock, and similar
events. 

118 

Default
Provisions Events of Default under the 2020 Loan Agreement include: (i) AgeX fails to pay any amount in the manner and at
the time provided in the 2020 Loan Agreement and the failure to pay is not remedied within 10 business days; (ii) AgeX fails to perform
any of its obligations under the 2020 Loan Agreement and if the failure can be remedied it is not remedied to the satisfaction of Juvenescence
within 10 business days after notice to AgeX; (iii) other indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of 100,000 becomes due and payable
or can be declared due and payable prior to its due date or if indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of 25,000 is not paid when
due; (iv) AgeX stops payment of its debts generally or discontinues its business or becomes unable to pay its debts as they become due
or enters into any arrangement with creditors generally, (v) AgeX becoming insolvent or in liquidation or administration or other insolvency
procedures, or a receiver, trustee or similar officer is appointed in respect of all or any part of its assets and such appointment continues
undischarged or unstayed for sixty days, (vi) it becomes illegal for AgeX to perform its obligations under the 2020 Loan Agreement or
any governmental permit, license, consent, exemption or similar requirement for AgeX to perform its obligations under the 2020 Loan Agreement
or to carry out its business is not obtained or ceases to remain in effect; (vii) the issuance or levy of any judgment, writ, warrant
of attachment or execution or similar process against all or any material part of the property or assets of AgeX if such process is not
released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty calendar days after its issue or levy; (viii) any injunction, order or judgement of any
court is entered or issued which in the opinion of Juvenescence materially and adversely affects the ability of AgeX to carry out its
business or to pay amounts owed to Juvenescence under the 2020 Loan Agreement, (ix) there is a change in AgeX s financial condition
that in the opinion of Juvenescence materially and adversely affects, or is likely to so affect, its ability to perform any of its obligations
under the 2020 Loan Agreement; (x) AgeX or a designated subsidiary sells, leases, licenses, consigns, transfers, or otherwise disposes
of a material part of their assets other than inventory in the ordinary course of business or certain intercompany transactions, or certain
other limited permitted transactions, unless Juvenescence approves, (xi) AgeX or a designated subsidiary contests the validity of its
obligations under the 2020 Loan Agreement or other related agreement with Juvenescence, (xii) any representation, warranty, or other
statement made by AgeX or a designated subsidiary under the 2020 Loan Agreement is incomplete, untrue, incorrect, or misleading, or (xiii)
AgeX or a designated subsidiary suspends or ceases to carry on all or a material part of its business or threatens to do so. 

2022
Secured Convertible Promissory Note and Security Agreement 

On
February 14, 2022, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into the Secured Note pursuant to which Juvenescence agreed to provide to AgeX a 13,160,000
line of credit for a period of 12 months. The Secured Note was amended and restated during February 2023 to increase the line of credit
by 2,000,000 and to extend the period during which AgeX may borrow funds to May 9, 2023. References to the Secured Note include the
Secured Note as amended and restated. AgeX drew an initial 8,160,000 of the line of credit during February 2022 and used 7,160,000
to refinance the outstanding principal and the loan origination fees under the 2019 Loan Agreement. As of March 20, 2023 AgeX had borrowed
 14,160,000 under the Secured Note. The outstanding principal balance of the Secured Note will become due and payable on February 14,
2024. 

Conversion
of Loan Amounts into Common Stock In lieu of repayment of funds borrowed, AgeX may convert the loan balance and any accrued
but unpaid origination fees into AgeX common stock or units if AgeX raises at least 10,000,000 through sale of common
stock (or common stock paired with warrants or other convertible securities in units ). The conversion price per share or
units shall be the lowest price at which such shares or units are sold. Juvenescence may convert the principal balance and accrued origination
fee in whole or in part into AgeX common stock at any time at Juvenescence s election at the closing price per share of AgeX common
stock on the NYSE American or other national securities exchange on the date prior to the date Juvenescence gives AgeX notice of Juvenescence s
election to convert the Secured Note, in whole or in part, into common stock. 

As
an arrangement fee for the Secured Note, AgeX will pay Juvenescence an origination fee in an amount equal to 4 of the amount each draw
of loan funds, which will accrue as each draw is funded, and an additional 4 of all the total amount of funds drawn that will accrue
following the end of the 12 month period during which funds may be drawn from the line of credit. The origination fee will become due
and payable on the maturity date of the Secured Note or in a pro rata amount with any prepayment of in whole or in part of the outstanding
principal balance of the Secured Note. 

2022
Warrants Upon each draw down of funds under the Secured Note, AgeX will issue to Juvenescence warrants to purchase shares
of AgeX common stock 2022 Warrants ). The 2022 Warrants will be governed by the terms of a Warrant Agreement, as amended
by a Reaffirmation and Amendment Agreement, between AgeX and Juvenescence. The number of 2022 Warrants to be issued will be equal to
50 of the number determined by dividing the amount of the applicable loan draw by the applicable Market Price. The Market Price will
be the last closing price per share of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American or other national securities exchange preceding the delivery
of the notice from AgeX requesting a draw of funds that triggers the obligation to issue 2022 Warrants; provided, however that if AgeX
common stock is not traded on a national securities exchange the Market Price shall be determined with reference to closing prices quoted
or bid and asked prices on an interdealer quotation system averaged over twenty consecutive trading days. The exercise price of the 2022
Warrants will be the applicable Market Price. The 2022 Warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m. New York time three years after the date of
issue. 

As
of March 20, 2023, AgeX had issued to Juvenescence 2022 Warrants to purchase 9,600,657 shares of AgeX common stock. The exercise prices
of the outstanding 2022 Warrants range from 0.59 per share to 0.88 per share representing the market closing price of AgeX common stock
on the NYSE American on the one day prior to delivery of the drawdown notices. The number of shares issuable upon exercise of the 2022
Warrants and the exercise price per share are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events such as a stock split or reverse
split or combination of the common stock, stock dividend, recapitalization or reclassification of the common stock, and similar events. 

119 

Default
Provisions The loan balance and origination fees may become immediately due and payable prior to the mandatory repayment
date if an Event of Default as defined in the Secured Note occurs. Events of Default under the Secured Note include the following: (a)
AgeX fails to pay any principal amount payable by it in the manner and at the time provided under and in accordance with the Secured
Note; (b) AgeX fails to pay any other amount payable by it in the manner and at the time provided under and in accordance with the Secured
Note or the Security Agreement described below or any other agreement executed in connection with the Secured Note (the Loan Documents and the failure is not remedied within three business days; (c) AgeX fails to perform any of its covenants or obligations or fail to
satisfy any of the conditions under the Secured Note or any other Loan Document and, such failure (if capable of remedy) remains unremedied
to the satisfaction of Juvenescence (in its sole discretion) for 10 business days after the earlier of (i) notice requiring its remedy
has been given by Juvenescence to AgeX and (ii) actual knowledge of the failure by senior officers of AgeX; (d) if any indebtedness of
AgeX in excess of 100,000 becomes due and payable, or a breach or other circumstance arises thereunder such that Juvenescence is entitled
to declare such indebtedness due and payable, prior to its due date, or any indebtedness of AgeX in excess of 25,000 is not paid on
its due date; (e) AgeX stops payment of its debts generally or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its business or is unable to
pay its debts as they fall due or is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or enters
into any arrangements with its creditors generally; (f) if (i) an involuntary proceeding (other than a proceeding instituted by Juvenescence
or an affiliate of Juvenescence) shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking liquidation, reorganization or
other relief in respect of AgeX and any subsidiary, or of all or a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) an involuntary appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for AgeX or a subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets occurs (other
than in a proceeding instituted by Juvenescence or an affiliate of Juvenescence), and, in any such case, such proceeding shall continue
undismissed and unstayed for sixty (60) consecutive days without having been dismissed, bonded or discharged or an order of relief is
entered in any such proceeding; (g) it becomes unlawful for AgeX to perform all or any of its obligations under the Secured Note or any
authorization, approval, consent, license, exemption, filing, registration or other requirement of any governmental, judicial or public
body or authority necessary to enable AgeX to comply with its obligations under the Secured Note or to carry on its business is not obtained
or, having been obtained, is modified in a manner that precludes AgeX or its subsidiaries from conducting their business in any material
respect, or is revoked, suspended, withdrawn or withheld or fails to remain in full force and effect; (h) the issuance or levy of any
judgment, writ, warrant of attachment or execution or similar process against all or any material part of the property or assets of AgeX
or a subsidiary if such process is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 60 calendar days after its issue or levy; (i) any injunction,
order, judgment or decision of any court is entered or issued which, in the opinion of Juvenescence, materially and adversely affects,
or is reasonably likely so to affect, the ability of AgeX or a subsidiary to carry on its business or to pay amounts owed to Juvenescence
under the Secured Note; (j) AgeX, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, sells, leases, licenses, consigns,
transfers or otherwise disposes of any material portion of its assets (with any such disposition with respect to any asset or assets
with a fair value of at least 250,000 being deemed material), other than (i) certain permitted investments (ii) sales, transfers and
dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business, (iii) any termination of a lease of real or personal property that is not
necessary in the ordinary course of the AgeX s business, could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect and
does not result from AgeX s default, and (iv) any sale, lease, license, consignment, transfer or other disposition of assets that
are no longer necessary in the ordinary course of business or which has been approved in writing by Juvenescence; (k) any of the following
shall occur: (i) the security and/or liens created by the Security Agreement or any other Loan Document shall at any time cease to constitute
valid and perfected security and/or liens on any material portion of the collateral intended to be covered thereby; (ii) except for expiration
in accordance with its terms, the Security Agreement or any other Loan Document pursuant to which a lien is granted by AgeX in favor
of Juvenescence shall for whatever reason be terminated or shall cease to be in full force and effect; (iii) the enforceability of the
Security Agreement or any other Loan Document pursuant to which a lien is granted by AgeX in favor of Juvenescence shall be contested
by AgeX or a subsidiary; (iv) AgeX shall assert that its obligations under the Secured Note or any other Loan Document shall be invalid
or unenforceable; or (v) a loss, theft, damage or destruction occurs with respect to a material portion of the collateral; (l) there
is any change in the financial condition of AgeX and its subsidiaries which, in the opinion of Juvenescence, materially and adversely
affects, or is reasonably likely so to affect, the ability of AgeX to perform any of its obligations under the Secured Note; and (m)
any representation, warranty or statement made, repeated or deemed made or repeated by AgeX in the Secured Note, or pursuant to the Loan
Documents, is incomplete, untrue, incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, repeated or deemed made. 

Security
Agreement AgeX has entered into a Security Agreement granting Juvenescence a security interest in substantially all of the
assets of AgeX, including a security interest in shares of AgeX subsidiaries that hold certain assets, as collateral for AgeX s
loan obligations. If an Event of Default occurs under the Secured Note, Juvenescence will have the right to foreclose on the assets pledged
as collateral. 

10
Million Secured Convertible Promissory Note and Security Agreement 

On
March 13, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into the 10 Million Secured Note pursuant to which Juvenescence has loaned to AgeX 10,000,000. AgeX used the loan proceeds to finance a 10,000,000 loan to Serina which
is evidenced by the Serina Note. 

The
outstanding principal balance of the 10 Million Secured Note will become due and payable on March 13, 2026. In lieu of accrued interest,
AgeX will pay Juvenescence an origination fee in an amount equal to 7 of the loan funds disbursed to AgeX, which will accrue in two
installments. The origination fee will become due and payable on the earliest to occur of (i) conversion of the 10 Million Secured Note
into shares of AgeX common stock, (ii) repayment of the 10 Million Secured Note in whole or in part (provided that the origination fee
shall be prorated for the amount of any partial repayment), and (iii) the acceleration of the maturity date of the 10 Million Secured
Note following an Event of Default as defined in the 10 Million Secured Note. 

120 

If
(a) AgeX and Serina have not entered into a definitive merger agreement by June 13, 2023; (b) a merger between AgeX and Serina is terminated
or either party gives notice to terminate the merger agreement; or (c) the merger is not consummated by March 13, 2024, then AgeX may,
after written notice to Juvenescence, pay and satisfy in full the principal balance and accrued origination fees under the 10 Million
Secured Note by tendering to Juvenescence the Serina Note and shares of capital stock of Serina, if any, that may have been issued to
AgeX upon conversion of the Serina Note in whole or in part. 

Conversion
of Loan Amounts into Common Stock AgeX may convert the loan balance and any accrued but unpaid origination fee into AgeX
common stock or units if AgeX consummates a sale of common stock (or common stock paired with warrants or other convertible
securities in units in which the gross sale proceeds are at least 10,000,000. If less than 25,000,000 is raised through
the sale of common stock or units, the conversion price per share or units shall be the lowest price at which shares or units are sold.
If at least 25,000,000 is raised, the conversion price per share shall be 85 of the Market Price of AgeX common stock
determined as provided in the 10 Million Secured Note. 

Juvenescence
may convert the outstanding principal amount of the 10 Million Secured Note plus the accrued origination fee into AgeX common stock
at the market price per share of AgeX common stock. Juvenescence may not convert the 10 Million Secured Note to AgeX common stock before
the earlier of (i) a merger between AgeX and Serina, and (ii) March 13, 2024. Any conversion of the 10 Million Secured Note into AgeX
common stock is subject to certain restrictions to comply with applicable requirements of the NYSE American where AgeX common stock is
listed. 

Default
Provisions The outstanding principal amount of the 10 Million Secured Note and the accrued origination fee may become immediately
due and payable prior to the maturity date if an Event of Default as defined in the 10 Million Secured Note occurs. Events of Default
under the 10 Million Secured Note are substantially the same events as those constituting an Event of Default under the Amended Secured
Note except that such events pertain to the 10 Million Secured Note and related loan documents. 

Amended
Security Agreement AgeX has entered into an Amended and Restated Security Agreement that amends the February 14, 2022 Security
Agreement between AgeX and Juvenescence and adds the 10 Million Secured Note to the obligations secured by the Security Agreement. The
Security Agreement grants Juvenescence a security interest in substantially all of the assets of AgeX, including a security interest
in shares of AgeX subsidiaries that hold certain assets, as collateral for AgeX s loan obligations. If an Event of Default occurs
under the 10 Million Secured Note, Juvenescence will have the right to foreclose on the assets pledged as collateral. 

Registration
Rights Agreements 

AgeX
entered into a Registration Rights Agreement and certain amendments to the original agreement, pursuant to which it has agreed to register
for sale under the Securities Act all shares of AgeX common stock presently held by Juvenescence or that may be acquired by Juvenescence
through the exercise of common stock purchase warrants that they hold or that they may acquire pursuant to the 2020 Loan Agreement and
the Secured Note, and shares that they may acquire through the conversion of loans under the 2020 Loan Agreement and the Secured Note,
including principal and accrued interest, and the amount of the loan origination fee under the Secured Note. AgeX has filed a registration
statement on Form S-3, which has become effective under the Securities Act, for offerings on a delayed or continuous basis covering 16,447,500
shares of our common stock held by Juvenescence and 3,248,246 shares of AgeX common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of a portion
of the warrants held by Juvenescence. Juvenescence retains the right to require AgeX to register additional shares of common stock that
Juvenescence may acquire through the exercise of warrants or the conversion of 2020 Loan Agreement loans, Secured Note loans, and the
origination fee under the Secured Note. AgeX is obligated to pay the fees and expenses of each registered offering under such registration
rights agreement except for underwriting discounts and commissions. AgeX and Juvenescence will indemnify each other from certain liabilities
in connection the registration, offer, and sale of securities under a registration statement, including liabilities arising under the
Securities Act. 

121 

Stockholder
Approval of Certain Matters 

2020
Loan Agreement, Secured Note, 2020 Warrants, and 2022 Warrants 

In
order to comply with applicable NYSE American listing requirements, the 2020 Loan Agreement and the Secured Note and the related
Warrant Agreements governing the 2020 Warrants and 2022 Warrants placed certain limits on the number of shares of AgeX common stock that
may be issued to Juvenescence upon conversion of outstanding loan amounts or exercise of the 2020 Warrants or 2022 Warrants prior to
stockholder approval of the issuance of shares to Juvenescence that would result in (a) Juvenescence receiving additional shares in excess
of 19.9 of the AgeX common stock outstanding as of March 30 2020 in the case of a conversion of the outstanding loan amounts under the
2020 Loan Agreement into AgeX common stock, or outstanding as of February 14, 2022 in the case of a conversion of the outstanding loan
amounts under Secured Note into AgeX common stock, for less than the greater of book value or the applicable tranche market values of
AgeX common stock as of March 20, 2020 or February 14, 2022, respectively (the 19.9 Cap ), or (b) Juvenescence owning 50 
or more of the outstanding AgeX common stock (the 50 Cap in the case of a conversion of the outstanding loan amounts
under the 2020 Loan Agreement or the Secured Note or the exercise of the 2020 Warrants or 2022 Warrants. As required by the terms of
the 2020 Loan Agreement and the 2022 Secured Note, AgeX sought and obtained the vote of AgeX stockholders approving (i) the ability of
AgeX and Juvenescence to convert the loans under the 2020 Loan Agreement and the Secured Note into shares of AgeX common stock under
the applicable loan conversion provisions even if the conversion would result in (a) Juvenescence receiving additional shares in excess
of the 19.9 Cap or the 50 Cap limits, and (ii) the ability of Juvenescence to exercise its 2020 Warrants and 2022 Warrants even
if the exercise would cause Juvenescence s ownership of AgeX common stock to equal or exceed the 50 Cap limit. 

10
Million Secured Note 

In
order to comply with applicable NYSE American listing requirements, the 10 Million Secured Note also contains (a) a 19.9 Cap limiting
the number of shares of AgeX common stock that may be issued to Juvenescence for less than the greater of book value or the market value
of AgeX common stock, and (b) a 50 cap limiting the number of shares of AgeX common stock that may be issued to Juvenescence, upon conversion
of the 10 Million Secured Note, without prior AgeX stockholder approval. The book value, market value, and number of shares outstanding
for purposes of the 19 Cap will be determined as of March 13, 2023, the date of the 10 Million Secured Note. The 10 Million Secured
Note requires AgeX to submit to its stockholders, at the next annual meeting of stockholders, a proposal to permit AgeX or Juvenescence
to convert the 10 Million Secured Note loan into shares of AgeX common stock even if the conversion would result in Juvenescence receiving
additional shares in excess of the 19.9 Cap or the 50 Cap limits. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

On
March 13, 2023, we executed a Letter of Indemnification in Lieu of or Supplemental to a Medallion Signature Guarantee Letter
of Indemnification pursuant to which we agreed to indemnify American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (the AST
Indemnity from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities or losses arising out of the transfer of all of the AgeX
common stock held by Juvenescence to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Juvenescence US Corp. (the Share Transfer ). In connection
with the execution of the Letter of Indemnification, we and Juvenescence entered into a Transfer of Shares of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc.
Common Stock Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which Juvenescence agreed to indemnify us against any and all claims, damages,
liabilities or losses arising out of the Share Transfer or AST Indemnity. 

Director
Independence 

Gregory
H. Bailey, Joanne M. Hackett, and Michael H. May qualify as independent in accordance with Section 803(A) of the NYSE American
Company Guide. Annalisa Jenkins served as director during 2021 also qualified as independent under that standard. Dr. Jenkins 
term as a director expired at the 2021 Meeting. The members of our Audit Committee meet the additional independence standards under Section
803(B)(2) of the NYSE American Company Guide and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). The members of our Compensation Committee meet the additional independence standards under Section 805(c)(1) of the NYSE
American Company Guide. Our independent directors received no compensation or remuneration during the last fiscal year for serving as
directors except as disclosed under Non-Employee Director Compensation in Item 11 of this Report. None of the independent
directors, nor any of the members of their respective families, have participated in any transaction with us that would disqualify them
as independent directors under the standards described above. 

Gregory
H. Bailey does not meet the independence standard for service on the Audit Committee under Exchange Act Rule 10A-3 because he is the
Chief Executive Officer of Juvenescence Limited, which is our largest stockholder and owns approximately 43 and beneficially owns approximately
78.7 of our common stock as reflected in the table included in Item 12 to this Report. 

122 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

OUM Co., LLP OUM served as our independent registered public accountants from October 2017 until July 15, 2021.
During July 2021, OUM combined its practice with WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum through a transaction in which certain
OUM partners and professional staff joined Withum as partners or employees. As a result of this transaction, on July 15, 2021, OUM
resigned as our independent registered public accounting firm, and on July 20, 2021, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors
approved the engagement of Withum as our new independent registered public accounting firm. 

Audit
Fees, Audit Related Fees, Tax Fees and Other Fees 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by Withum and OUM: 

Withum 
 OUM 
 Total 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 358,000 
 267,000 
 36,000 
 358,000 
 303,000 
 
 Audit Related (2) 
 53,000 
 - 
 54,000 
 53,000 
 54,000 

411,000 
 267,000 
 90,000 
 411,000 
 357,000 

(1) Audit
 Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
 financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and review of interim financial
 statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and services that are normally
 provided by our independent registered public accountants in connection with statutory and
 regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) Audit-Related
 Fees relate to assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
 of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under
 Audit Fees. This category would include fees related to non-routine SEC filings. 

Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 

Our
Audit Committee requires pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services. Other than de minimis services incidental to audit
services, non-audit services shall generally be limited to tax services such as advice and planning and financial due diligence services.
All fees for such non-audit services must be approved by the Audit Committee, except to the extent otherwise permitted by applicable
SEC regulations. The Audit Committee may delegate to one or more designated members of the Audit Committee the authority to grant pre-approvals,
provided such approvals are presented to the Audit Committee at a subsequent meeting. During 2022 and 2021, 100 of the fees paid to
Withum and OUM were approved by the Audit Committee. 

123 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The
following financial statements of AgeX are filed in this Report: 

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes
thereto. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference: 

Incorporation By Reference 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 Form 
 
 SEC File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

2.1# 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2018, by and between Escape Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-2 
 
 001-38519 
 
 2.1 
 
 8/30/2018 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 6, 2021, by Atlas Capital Partners Limited, GCLMS Acquisition Corporation, LifeMap Sciences, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/8/2021 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/12/2022 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) 
 
 001-38519 
 
 3.2 
 
 6/8/2018 

4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-2 
 
 001-38519 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/30/2018 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant included in Warrant Agreement dated March 30, 2020. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.25 
 
 3/30/2020 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant included in Warrant Agreement dated February 14, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 

2/15/2022 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities. 

10.1# 
 
 Asset Contribution and Separation Agreement dated August 17, 2017, between Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/9/2017 

10.2# 
 
 License Agreement, dated August 17, 2017, between Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-12830 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/9/2017 

10.3 
 
 AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-229432 
 
 99.1 
 
 1/30/2019 

10.4 
 
 Form of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. Employee Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-229432 
 
 99.2 
 
 1/30/2019 

10.5 
 
 Form of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-229432 
 
 99.3 
 
 1/30/2019 

10.6 
 
 Form of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-229432 
 
 99.4 
 
 1/30/2019 

10.7 
 
 Form of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-229432 
 
 99.5 
 
 1/30/2019 

10.8# 
 
 Sublicense Agreement, dated September 26, 2017, between Lineage Cell Technology, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-1 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.7 
 
 7/19/2018 

10.9 
 
 First Amendment, dated November 8, 2017, to License Agreement, dated August 17, 2017, between Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-1 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.8 
 
 7/19/2018 

124 

10.10# 
 
 Sublicense Agreement, dated August 17, 2017, by and among OrthoCyte Corporation, Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-1 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.9 
 
 7/19/2018 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment, dated November 8, 2017, to Sublicense Agreement, dated August 17, 2017, between OrthoCyte Corporation, Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-1 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/19/2018 

10.12# 
 
 License Agreement, dated August 17, 2017, by and between ES Cell International Ptd Ltd., Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-1 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.11 
 
 7/19/2018 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Hal Sternberg, dated August 21, 2017. 
 
 10-12(b) 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.17 
 
 6/8/2018 

10.14 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated August 17, 2017, between Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-1 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.15 
 
 7/19/2018 

10.15 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement. 
 
 10-12(b) A-1 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.16 
 
 7/19/2018 

10.16# 
 
 License Agreement, dated August 17, 2017, between Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 10-12(b) A-1 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.17 
 
 7/19/2018 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Michael D. West, dated October 18, 2018. 
 
 10-12(b) A-3 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.19 
 
 10/22/2018 

10.18 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 13, 2019, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/14/2019 

10.19 
 
 Secured Convertible Facility Agreement, dated March 30, 2020, by and among AgeX Therapeutics, Inc., ReCyte Therapeutics, Inc., Reverse Bioengineering, Inc., and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.24 
 
 3/30/2020 

10.20 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 30, 2020, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited, including form of warrant. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.25 
 
 3/30/2020 

10.21 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 30, 2020, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.26 
 
 3/30/2020 

125 

10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Andrea E. Park, dated May 15, 2020. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/14/2020 

10.23 
 
 First Amendment to Secured Convertible Facility Agreement, dated July 21, 2020, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/14/2020 

10.24 
 
 First Amendment to Warrant Agreement, dated July 21, 2020, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/14/2020 

10.25 
 
 Second Amendment to Secured Convertible Facility Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/16/2020 

10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/11/2021 

10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Loan Facility Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/9/2021 

10.28 
 
 Amendment to AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-261997 
 
 99.1 
 
 1/4/2022 

10.29 
 
 Secured Note dated February 14, 2022, executed by AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/15/2022 

10.30 
 
 Security Agreement, dated February 14, 2022, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/15/2022 

10.31 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 14, 2022, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.3 
 
 2/15/2022 

10.32 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 14, 2022, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/15/2022 

10.33 

Amendment to AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/12/2022 

10.34 
 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated March 13, 2023, executed by AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/15/2023 

10.35 
 
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated March 13, 2023, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.2 
 
 3/15/2023 

10.36 
 
 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 15, 2023, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Serina Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.3 
 
 3/15/2023 

10.37 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 15, 2023, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Serina Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.4 
 
 3/15/2023 

126 

10.38 
 
 Subordination Agreement, dated March 15, 2023, between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc., Serina Therapeutics, Inc. and the other investors signatory thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.5 
 
 3/15/2023 

10.39 
 
 Third Amendment to that certain Secured Convertible Facility Agreement, dated March 30, 2020, by and between AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. and Juvenescence Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38519 
 
 10.6 
 
 3/15/2023 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

31 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

32 
 
 Section 1350 Certification 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

# Confidential
 treatment has been granted with respect to portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks)
 and those portions have been separately filed by Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Certain
 schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2)
 of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on request. 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan. 

127 

(b)
See (a)3 Exhibits 

(c)(1)
Separate Financial Statements of subsidiaries not consolidated and fifty percent or less owned persons 

AgeX
consolidates NeuroAirmid Therapeutics, Inc. despite not having majority ownership interest as it has the ability to influence decision
making and financial results through contractual rights and obligations as per ASC 810, Consolidation . For further discussion
on principles of consolidation, see Note 1, Organization, Basis of Presentation and Liquidity to the consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Report. 

 (c)(2) Financial Statements of affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral 

Presented
below are the unaudited financial statements of Reverse Bioengineering, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of AgeX whose securities are pledged as collateral to Juvenescence in connection
with the debt agreements with Juvenescence. For further information on debt agreements with Juvenescence, see Notes 5, Related
Party Transactions and 11, Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Report. 

REVERSE
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 In
thousands, except par value amounts 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 53 
 4 
 
 Amount due to AgeX 
 883 
 384 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 936 
 388 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value, authorized 5,000 shares; none issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, 0.0001 par value, 100,000 shares authorized; 1 and nil shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (936) 
 (388) 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 
 (936) 
 (388) 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 - 
 - 

REVERSE
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 (In
thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING AND ORGANIZATION EXPENSES 

Research and development 
 288 
 8 
 
 General, administrative and organization 
 260 
 254 

NET LOSS 
 548 
 262 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

BASIC AND DILUTED 
 (548) 
 - 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

BASIC AND DILUTED 
 1 
 - 

128 

REVERSE
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (In
thousands) 

Common Stock 
 
 Total 

Number of Shares 
 Par Value 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Stockholders Deficit 
 
 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 (126) 
 (126) 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 (262) 
 (262) 
 
 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 (388) 
 (388) 

Issuance of common stock to AgeX in connection with Asset Contribution Agreement 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 (548) 
 (548) 
 
 BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 1 
 - 
 (936) 
 (936) 

Amount
less than 1,000. 

REVERSE
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 
 (548) 
 (262) 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 49 
 (103) 
 
 Amount due to AgeX 
 499 
 365 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 - 
 - 

NET CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 
 - 
 - 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: 

At beginning of the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 At end of the year 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of 1,000 common stock to AgeX in connection with Asset Contribution Agreement 
 - 
 - 

Amount
less than 1,000. 

(c)(3)
Schedules 

All
other schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is included in the financial statements. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

129 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report on Form
10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 31 st day of March 2023. 

AGEX
 THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael D. West 

Michael
 D. West 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael D. West 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 MICHAEL
 D. WEST 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Andrea E. Park 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 ANDREA
 E. PARK 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Gregory H. Bailey 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 GREGORY
 H. BAILEY 

/s/
 Michael H. May 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 MICHAEL
 H. MAY 

/s/
 Joanne M. Hackett 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 JOANNE
 M. HACKETT 

130 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit
4.4 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following description of certain terms of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. AgeX common stock is a summary and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to AgeX s certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws and by the Delaware General Corporation
Law. 

Common
Stock 

The
AgeX Certificate of Incorporation currently authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per
share. Each holder of record of common stock is entitled to one vote for each outstanding share owned, on every matter properly submitted
to the stockholders for their vote, including election or removal of directors elected by AgeX stockholders generally. The holders of
AgeX common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 

Subject
to the dividend rights of holders of any of the preferred stock that may be issued from time to time, holders of common stock are entitled
to any dividend declared by the AgeX Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. 

Subject
to the prior payment of the liquidation preference to holders of any preferred stock that may be issued from time to time, holders of
common stock are entitled to receive on a pro rata basis all remaining assets available for distribution to the holders of common stock
in the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of AgeX s operations. 

Holders
of AgeX common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. There will be no redemption or sinking fund
provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, powers, preferences and privileges of holders of AgeX common stock will be subject
to those of the holders of any shares of AgeX preferred stock that AgeX may authorize and issue in the future. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Country 
 
 NeuroAirmid
 Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 50 
 
 USA 
 
 ReCyte
 Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 94.8 
 
 USA 
 
 Reverse
 Bioengineering, Inc. 
 
 100 
 
 USA 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-251988) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-229432,
333-261997 and 333-269588) of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph
relating to AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. s ability to continue as a going concern, relating to the consolidated financial statements
of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc., which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/
WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

San
Francisco, California 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 5
 ex31.htm

Exhibit
31 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Michael D. West, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this periodic report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Michael D. West 

Michael
 D. West 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Andrea E. Park, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this periodic report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Andrea E. Park 

Andrea
 E. Park 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex32.htm

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Michael D. West, Chief
Executive Officer, and Andrea E. Park, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Michael D. West 

Michael
 D. West 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Andrea E. Park 

Andrea
 E. Park 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 age-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 age-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 age-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 age-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

