<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1715819_0001410578-23-000555.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9965204</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>735185</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1549507</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3586381</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1606446</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2279924</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000555.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161410
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000555
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Electromedical Technologies, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001715819
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				822619815
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56192
		FILM NUMBER:		23787796

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16561 N 92ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-880-7888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16561 N 92ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000555.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 elcq-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period From to Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 5047 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2). If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of December 31, 2022 was approximately . As at December 31, 2022, and March 29, 2023, and shares of common stock, par value 0.00001, were issued and outstanding respectively. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 3 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 9 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 9 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 10 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 10 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 10 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES MARKET INFORMATION AND HOLDERS 10 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 10 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 10 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 15 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 16 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 39 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 39 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 40 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 41 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 44 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 46 ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

46 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 48 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 49 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS This annual report on Form 10-K (including, but not limited to, the following disclosures regarding our Business) contains forward looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as the development of new products, enhancements or technologies, sales levels, expense levels and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K reflect our good faith judgment based on facts and factors currently known to us. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this annual report on Form 10-K, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Company Background The Company was formed in Nevada in August 30, 2002 as IntelSource Group, Inc. and began operations in 2003. In 2007, IntelSource Group, Inc. merged with ElectroMedical Technologies, LLC. The Company began acting as Electro Medical Technologies, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company on November 9, 2010 after the merger with ElectroMedical Technologies, LLC, a Nevada Company. The Company converted to a corporation in the State of Delaware on August 23, 2017. Electromedical Technologies is a bioelectronics manufacturing and marketing company. We offer U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cleared medical devices for pain management. Bioelectronics is a developing field of electronic medicine, which uses electrical impulses over the body s neural circuitry to try to alleviate pain, without drugs. The human body is controlled by electrical signals sent through the nervous system, which can become distorted after accidents or as a result of disease. The field of bioelectronic medicine aims to safely correct irregularities in the nervous system by modifying the electrical language of the body related to pain relief. Our mission is to improve global wellness for people suffering from various painful conditions by relieving chronic and acute pain using energy, frequency and vibration as an alternative to pharmaceuticals; and that one day, read and modify electrical signals passing along nerves in the body, to restore long-term health. Additionally, we have a corporate goal to offer the public effective alternatives to addictive pain-relieving drugs, such as opioids. According to the Society of Actuaries, opioid overdose deaths are now the single largest factor slowing the growth in U.S. life expectancy and has led to stagnation or decreases in life expectancy three years in a row for the first time since 1915 1918, when the country was facing World War I and the Spanish flu pandemic. The U.S. Centers of Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has reported that, from 1999 through 2017, nearly 400,000 have died from overdoses from prescription or illicit opioids. It is our aim to offer effective alternatives to pain management. We believe that we do this by delivering innovative solutions providing fast and long-lasting pain relief across the broadest range of ailments. We engineer simple-to-use bioelectronics therapy devices, which send a proprietary sequence of electrical signals. We believe our devices have proven to be highly effective over the past decade and have the technological capability to be used in medical research. The Company is publicly traded on the OTC Markets under the symbol EMED. Business Overview Bioelectronics Electromedical Technologies is a bioelectronics manufacturing and marketing company. We offer U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cleared medical devices for pain management. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Bioelectronics is a developing field of electronic medicine, which uses electrical impulses over the body s neural circuitry to try to alleviate pain, without drugs. The human body is controlled by electrical signals sent through the nervous system, which can become distorted after accidents or as a result of disease. The field of bioelectronic medicine aims to safely correct irregularities in the nervous system by modifying the electrical language of the body related to pain relief. Our mission is to improve global wellness for people suffering from various painful conditions by relieving chronic and acute pain using energy, frequency and vibration as an alternative to pharmaceuticals; and that one day, read and modify electrical signals passing along nerves in the body, to restore long-term health. We believe that we do this by delivering innovative solutions providing fast and long lasting pain relief across the broadest range of ailments. We engineer simple-to-use bioelectronics therapy devices, which send a proprietary sequence of electrical signals. We believe our devices have proven to be highly effective over the past decade and have the technological capability to be used in medical research. We have a corporate goal to offer the public effective alternatives to addictive pain relieving drugs, such as opioids. According to the Society of Actuaries, opioid overdose deaths are now the single largest factor slowing the growth in U.S. life expectancy and has led to stagnation or decreases in life expectancy three years in a row for the first time since 1915 1918, when the country was facing World War I and the Spanish flu pandemic The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) reports that overdose deaths involving prescription opioids have quadrupled since 1999 and that drug overdoses now kill more people every year than gun violence or car accidents. From 1999 to 2017, more than 702,000 people have died from a drug overdose. In 2017, more than 70,000 people died from drug overdoses, making it a leading cause of injury-related death in the United States. It is our aim to offer effective nontoxic, noninvasive alternatives to pain management. We believe that we can provide an opioid-free solution to over 100 million people suffering from chronic and acute pain just in the US market alone. In recent years, we have also focused on the market for U.S. military service veterans, many of which do not have many options other than powerful drugs that can cause side effects when it comes to treating chronic or acute pain. We intend to include a special program that will offer our new POD devices at no upfront cost for the veterans of U.S. armed forces and their immediate families, which according to the Census Bureau, as of 2014, consists of nearly 22 million individuals. Industry and Regulatory Overview Medical devices are regulated by the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA in the United States and can be regulated by foreign governments for devices sold internationally. The Company has medical device certifications in the USA (FDA), The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations issued by the FDA regulate testing, manufacturing, packaging, and marketing of medical devices. Under the current regulations and standards, we believe that our devices are subject to general controls, including compliance with labeling and record-keeping rules. In addition, our medical devices require pre-market approval, which for TENS devices can be achieved through a 510(k) premarket notification submission. Our manufacturing processes and facilities are also subject to regulations, including the FDA s QSR requirements (formerly Good Manufacturing Practices). These regulations govern the way we manufacture our products and maintain documentation for our manufacturing, testing and control activities. In addition, to the extent we manufacture and sell products abroad, those products are subject to the relevant laws and regulations of those countries. The labeling of our devices, our promotional activities and marketing materials are regulated by the FDA and various state agencies. Activities that are constrained by these regulations include the marketing of our products for off-label usage; that is, recommendations to use our products for purposes other than what is indicated in the labeling. Violations of this requirement may result in administrative, civil or criminal actions against the manufacturer or seller by the FDA or governing state agencies. An element of our strategy is to continue to upgrade our products, add new features and expand clearance or approval of our current products to new indications. In the United States, before we can market a new medical device, or a new use of, new claim for or significant modification to an existing product, we must first receive either clearance under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA, or approval of a premarket approval application, or PMA, from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. In the 510(k) clearance process, before a device may be marketed, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally-marketed predicate device, which includes a device that has been previously cleared through the 510(k) process, a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device), a device that was originally on the U.S. market pursuant to an approved PMA and later down-classified, or a 510(k)-exempt device. To be substantially equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical data are sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. In the PMA process, the FDA must determine 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 that a proposed device is safe and effective for its intended use based, in part, on extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, pre-clinical, clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data. Our ability to successfully obtain clearance for any new indications will be dependent on us submitting data as to the successful completion of clinical trials evidencing safety and efficacy. The PMA process is typically required for devices that are deemed to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices. However, some devices are automatically subject to the PMA pathway regardless of the level of risk they pose because they have not previously been classified into a lower risk class by the FDA. Manufacturers of these devices may request that FDA review such devices in accordance with the de novo classification procedure, which allows a manufacturer whose novel device would otherwise require the submission and approval of a PMA prior to marketing to request down-classification of the device on the basis that the device presents low or moderate risk. If the FDA agrees with the down classification, the applicant will then receive authorization to market the device. This device type can then be used as a predicate device for future 510(k) submissions. We initially received marketing authorization of our device through the de novo classification process, and we have made changes to our system through subsequent 510(k) clearances. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals, or completing the de novo classification process, to market a medical device can be costly and time consuming, and we may not be able to successfully obtain pre-market reviews on a timely basis, if at all. Modifications to products that are approved through a PMA application generally require FDA approval. Similarly, certain modifications made to products cleared through a 510(k) or authorized through the de novo classification process may require a new 510(k) clearance. Each of the PMA approval, de novo classification and the 510(k) clearance processes can be expensive, lengthy and uncertain. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to 12 months, but can last longer. The process of obtaining a PMA is much more costly and uncertain than the 510(k) clearance process and generally takes from one to three years, or even longer, from the time the application is filed with the FDA. In addition, a PMA generally requires the performance of one or more clinical trials. Despite the time, effort and cost, a device may not be approved or cleared by the FDA. Any delay or failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or clearances could harm our business. Furthermore, even if we are granted regulatory clearances or approvals, they may include significant limitations on the indicated uses for the device, which may limit the market for the device. Any modifications to our existing products may require new 510(k) clearance; however, future modifications may be subject to the substantially more costly, time-consuming and uncertain PMA process. If the FDA requires us to go through a lengthier, more rigorous examination for future products or modifications to existing products than we had expected, product introductions or modifications could be delayed or canceled, which could cause our sales to decline. The FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance or approval of a device for many reasons, including: we may be unable to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction that the product or modification is substantially equivalent to the proposed predicate device or safe and effective for its intended use; the data from our pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may be insufficient to support clearance or approval, where required; and the manufacturing process or facilities we use may not meet applicable requirements. Even if granted, a 510(k) clearance, de novo classification, or PMA approval imposes substantial restrictions on how our devices may be marketed or sold, and the FDA continues to place considerable restrictions on our products and operations. For example, the manufacture of medical devices must comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation, or QSR. In addition, manufacturers must register their manufacturing facilities, list the products with the FDA, and comply with requirements relating to labeling, marketing, complaint handling, adverse event and medical device reporting, reporting of corrections and removals, and import and export. The FDA monitors compliance with the QSR and these other requirements through periodic inspections. If our facilities or those of our manufacturers or suppliers are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations, or if we or our manufacturers or suppliers fail to take satisfactory corrective action in response to an adverse inspection, the regulatory authority could take enforcement action, including any of the following sanctions: untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; customer notifications or repair, replacement, refunds, detention or seizure of our products; operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; refusing or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA approvals of new products or modified products; withdrawing 510(k) marketing clearances or PMA approvals that have already been granted; refusing to provide Certificates for Foreign Government; refusing to grant export approval for our products; or pursuing criminal prosecution. Any of these sanctions could impair our ability to produce our products in a cost-effective and timely manner in order to meet our customers demands, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. We may also be required to bear other costs or take other actions that may have a negative impact on our sales and our ability to generate profits. In addition, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our future products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently cleared products on a timely basis. Such policy or regulatory changes could impose additional requirements upon us that could delay our ability to obtain new 510(k) clearances, increase the costs of compliance or restrict our ability to maintain our 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 current clearances. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. For example, certain policies of the Trump administration may impact our business and industry. Namely, the Trump administration has taken several executive actions, including the issuance of a number of Executive Orders, that could impose significant burdens on, or otherwise materially delay, the FDA s ability to engage in routine regulatory and oversight activities such as implementing statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review and approval of marketing applications. It is difficult to predict how these executive actions, including the Executive Orders, will be implemented, and the extent to which they will impact the FDA s ability to exercise its regulatory authority. If these executive actions impose constraints on FDA s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business may be negatively impacted. In order to sell our products in member countries of the EEA our products must comply with the essential requirements of the EU Medical Devices Directive (Council Directive 93/42/EEC). Compliance with these requirements is a prerequisite to be able to affix the CE Mark to our products, without which they cannot be sold or marketed in the EEA. To demonstrate compliance with the essential requirements we must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its classification. Except for low-risk medical devices (Class I non-sterile, non-measuring devices), where the manufacturer can issue an EC Declaration of Conformity based on a self-assessment of the conformity of its products with the essential requirements of the EU Medical Devices Directive, a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of an organization accredited by a Member State of the EEA to conduct conformity assessments, or a Notified Body. Depending on the relevant conformity assessment procedure, the Notified Body would typically audit and examine the technical file and the quality system for the manufacture, design and final inspection of our devices. The Notified Body issues a certificate of conformity following successful completion of a conformity assessment procedure conducted in relation to the medical device and its manufacturer and their conformity with the essential requirements. This certificate entitles the manufacturer to affix the CE Mark to its medical devices after having prepared and signed a related EC Declaration of Conformity. Sales and Marketing Principal Products and Services WellnessPro Plus Our principal product, WellnessPro Plus , is an intelligent and effective bioelectronics therapy prescription device; and is used by consumers and health care professionals to relieve chronic and acute pain. Research studies have shown the efficacy of bioelectronics therapy in the treatment of chronic pain from a variety of ailments including: arthritis, chronic low back pain, fibromyalgia, diabetic neuropathy, Lyme disease, osteoarthritis, and neuropathic pain. This medical device is classified in the FDA as a transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation TENS device. We believe, based on consumer and professional testimonials from the past decade that our device has been on the market, that the WellnessPro Plus treats pain conditions faster with longer-lasting relief, compared to lower cost conventional TENS devises. We attribute this in part to our proprietary algorithm and technology that we call the DeepPulse. With the DeepPulse there are close to one million frequency ranges to choose from to help prevent accommodation. The device can also generate micro-current stimulation to mimic the body s own electric signals. The device sends a proprietary sequence of electrical signals that change at various times, preventing accommodation (where the body adapts to specific treatments, diminishing treatment effectiveness). Also, our proprietary DeepPulse pre-modulation technology allows signals to penetrate deeper into affected areas, which we believe produces faster, longer-lasting pain relief. Additionally, our micro-current mode delivers signals, which naturally mimic the body s signals, triggering the body s own natural ability to relieve pain via endorphin release and accelerating the ION pump exchange. This allows for reduction of pain, increased microcirculation and oxygenation of red blood cells, which in turn helps the body de-stress from pain and trigger natural, healthy processes necessary for better health. We are finalizing development of an enhanced version of our Wellness Pro Plus that we intend to market under the name Wellness Pro Plus Infinity. This device will include expanded bioelectric modalities, safety, and efficacy. We expect that the Wellness Pro Plus Infinity will be ready for market in fiscal 2023. WellnessPro POD and Wellness ION Pen We are planning to bring two new products to market extending the Wellness Product line: the WellnessPro POD, our first wearable product, and the Wellness ION Pen. We believe that the WellnessPro POD represents an exciting product line expansion as a clinical-grade wearable device, that is intended to treat chronic pain, PTSD, anxiety, depression and insomnia. We intend to sell this device over-the-counter; however, some modalities on this device may only be provided with a prescription. Our target market for the 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 WellnessPro POD is chronic pain sufferers, which is estimated to be 100 million individuals in the United States alone. We intend to focus on various segments in this market, including veterans of U.S. armed forces, which according to the Census Bureau, as of 2014, consists of nearly 22 million individuals. Our goal is to educate the medical community of the benefits of natural , non-invasive, non-toxic pain relief and for the WellnessPro POD to be an initial choice for practitioners to prescribe separately or in conjunction with pain medication. Both of these new products will integrate with the WellnessPro Plus to leverage the engineering breakthroughs and intellectual property found in the WellnessPro Plus, and yet will still function as standalone devices. WellnessPro POD The WellnessPro POD is a compact clinical-grade wearable intended to keep pace with the evolution in pain management across practice segments, which will expand the range of treated modalities from chronic and acute pain to include PTSD, anxiety, depression and insomnia. 
 Wellness ION Pen The Wellness ION Pen is a unique interferential cold laser used to deliver targeted frequency stimulation. This therapeutic laser, which we intend to sell over-the-counter, will deliver expanded wavelengths relative to comparable lasers combined with micro-stimulation. We believe this will improve circulation and tissue healing and reduce inflammation and pain. The Wellness ION Pen will also have cosmetic applications for skin issues 
 Market The Wellness line of products is intended for anyone living with pain caused by various medical conditions or trauma, or who is battling pharmaceutical (e.g., opioid) dependency or addiction. The products can be purchased directly by consumers or used by healthcare practitioners, including: Chiropractors; Physiotherapists; Pain management doctors and clinicians; Natural medicine doctors; Sports medicine doctors; and Athletic trainers. 
 According to information provided by the American Academy of Pain Medicine, at least 100 million Americans suffer from chronic pain, not including acute pain for children. We believe that Electromedical represents a tested, proven solution for different segments of the population. We plan to address these individuals directly as well as through their healthcare providers. There are approximately 77,000 chiropractors and 123,000 physiotherapists in the United States. Combined, over 200,000 healthcare practitioners focused on rehabilitation and pain relief not to mention practitioners involved in sports medicine, natural medicine and pain management. In addition, we believe there are certain niche markets that our products are well suited to address. As discussed above, we expect that veterans will be the first market for the WellnessPro POD as it addresses the various needs our veteran population is suffering from. Further, we believe that our products can help provide a solution to the opioid problem. Our current product, the WellnessPro Plus, assists with the recovery from opioid addiction. We believe that the WellnessPro POD will also be highly effective for pain management and relief and could be used as an alternative, or can be prescribed in conjunction with pain medication, to reduce the amount of deaths and addictions due to Opioid abuse and misuse. Strategy Electromedical Technologies, for the first fifteen years of its existence, has been fortunate to have grown organically without formal sales and marketing programs and investments. We believe this is fundamentally because of the product s ability to deliver uncommon 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 levels of pain relief better quality of life and wellness for thousands of customers (our raving fans ). These raving fans subsequently shared their miraculous stories of recovery some of which can be found on our website. We believe that those testimonials influenced thousands of people living with ailments and pain to turn to the WellnessPro Plus for relief. These changes in with the additional capital we are planning to raise. In 2023 and beyond, Electromedical will engage in a comprehensive and fully integrated marketing program to increase sales and build the Electromedical brand. The integrated marketing program will include the following elements: Website marketing. o Using sophisticated tools integrated with our website, such as marketing automation, we will automate the process of nurturing web visitors and increasing sales. Digital marketing . 
 o Using advanced approaches for improving Electromedical s organic and paid search optimization results, we will increase traffic to and sales from our website. Social marketing and advertising. 
 o Using a comprehensive approach to marketing across the primary social channels (twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram), we will engage consumers and influencers (associations), elevate the brand and increase sales directly and indirectly. o Social marketing will also include the thoughtful use of Facebook ads and LinkedIn sponsored posts to drive web traffic and increase sales. Content marketing. 
 o Using a thoughtful approach to newsletters and blog content, we will elevate the brand and increase sales directly and indirectly. Partner and association marketing. 
 o We will selectively identify associations and partners that can help elevate the brand and increase sales. Examples of associations that we intend to target include the American Chiropractic Association, which may provide an important opportunity to increase awareness, exercise thought leadership and drive sales. Trade show marketing 
 o We will evaluate and participate in selective medical device and wellness trade shows, which elevate the brand and increase sales. In addition to a comprehensive marketing program, Electromedical will make strategic investments in sales staff, training and support, all intended to expand distribution and sales. Sales Staff : On March 8, 2022, Electromedical retained a Director of Business and Sales Development to further develop its business opportunities in various geographic areas. National Technical Training Manager : Electromedical intends to hire a National Technical Training Manager to develop and implement training programs. 
 Research and Development The Company has a number of products in various stages of research and development. We are finalizing development of an enhanced version of our Wellness Pro Plus that we intend to market under the name Wellness Pro Plus Infinity. This device will include expanded bioelectric modalities, safety, and efficacy. We expect that the Wellness Pro Plus Infinity will be ready for market in fiscal 2023. We are also planning to bring two new products to market extending the Wellness Product line: the WellnessPro POD, our first wearable product, and the Wellness ION Pen. We believe that the WellnessPro POD represents an exciting product line expansion as a 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 clinical-grade wearable device, that is intended to treat chronic pain, PTSD, anxiety, depression and insomnia. We intend to sell this device over-the-counter; however, some modalities on this device may only be provided with a prescription. Our target market for the WellnessPro POD is chronic pain sufferers, which is estimated to be 100 million individuals in the United States alone. We intend to focus on various segments in this market, including veterans of U.S. armed forces, which according to the Census Bureau, as of 2014, consists of nearly 22 million individuals. Our goal is to educate the medical community of the benefits of natural , non-invasive, non-toxic pain relief and for the WellnessPro POD to be an initial choice for practitioners to prescribe separately or in conjunction with pain medication. Both of these new products will integrate with the WellnessPro Plus to leverage the engineering breakthroughs and intellectual property found in the WellnessPro Plus, and yet will still function as standalone devices. WellnessPro POD The WellnessPro POD is a compact clinical-grade wearable intended to keep pace with the evolution in pain management across practice segments, which will expand the range of treated modalities from chronic and acute pain to include PTSD, anxiety, depression and insomnia. 
 Wellness ION Pen The Wellness ION Pen is a unique interferential cold laser used to deliver targeted frequency stimulation. This therapeutic laser, which we intend to sell over-the-counter, will deliver expanded wavelengths relative to comparable lasers combined with micro-stimulation. We believe this will improve circulation and tissue healing and reduce inflammation and pain. The Wellness ION Pen will also have cosmetic applications for skin issues 
 Significant Customers For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had two and three significant customers, respectively. Intellectual Property Electromedical Technologies has the rights to several trademarks and utility patents concerning Wellness+Plus Pro, WellnessPro POD, IDNA Internative Dynamic Neuro Adaptation, Deep Pulse, WellnessPro, FaceSPA and Electromedical Technologies. Competition We operate in the pain management, rehabilitation and physical therapy market. We not only compete with other similar devices that treat pain and other medical ailments, but also with traditional treatment approaches such as drug prescriptions and surgery and rehabilitation therapy and complementary medical practices such as acupuncture. Further, our competitors include several large, diversified companies who have more financial, marketing and other resources, distribution networks and greater name recognition than us. These competitors include: Galvani Bioelectronics, Medtronic and DJOGlobal-Chatanooga. Historically, Electromedical has competed in the electromedical and bio-electrotherapy device segment, including the crowded TENS market, which now includes inexpensive TENS devices such as the devices produced by IcyHot. Employees As of December 31, 2022, we have 8 full-time employees, 7 of whom are U.S based, primarily at our Scottsdale, Arizona headquarters. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned the over 5,000 square foot office warehouse unit where its headquarters is located at, 16561 N. 92 nd Street, Unit D101, Scottsdale, Arizona. On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to sell the building of its principal offices at a purchase price of 2 million and net proceeds of 1,363,818, upon repayment in full of the Company s bank debt. The Company simultaneously entered into a one-year lease agreement with the purchaser to lease the facilities for 9,000 a month. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.MARKET INFORMATION AND HOLDERS Our common stock trades on the OTC Markets under the ticker symbol EMED. As of December 31, 2022, there were 110 holders of record of our common stock. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices of our common stock: 

For the Period Ending High Low Fourth Quarter, 2021 0.13 0.05 First Quarter, 2022 0.11 0.02 Second Quarter, 2022 0.04 0.01 Third Quarter, 2022 0.055 0.009 Fourth Quarter, 2022 0.025 0.006 DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying, any cash dividends on our common stock. Instead, we currently anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, to fund the operation and expansion of our business and to use as working capital and for other general corporate purposes. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing law, conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact, including without limitation, statements containing the words believes, expects, anticipates and similar words, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. From time to time we may make other forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are subject to an inherent risk that actual results may materially differ as a result of many factors, including the risks discussed from time to time in this report, including the risks described under Risk Factors in any filings we have made with the SEC. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 On an on-going basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to useful lives of real estate assets, bad debts, impairment, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. Background Electromedical Technologies is a bioelectronics manufacturing and marketing company. We offer U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cleared medical devices for pain management. Bioelectronics is a developing field of electronic medicine, which uses electrical impulses over the body s neural circuitry to try to alleviate pain, without drugs. The human body is controlled by electrical signals sent through the nervous system, which can become distorted after accidents or as a result of disease. The field of bioelectronic medicine aims to safely correct irregularities in the nervous system by modifying the electrical language of the body related to pain relief. Our mission is to improve global wellness for people suffering from various painful conditions by relieving chronic and acute pain using energy, frequency and vibration as an alternative to pharmaceuticals; and one day, read and modifies electrical signals passing along nerves in the body, to restore long-term health. Additionally, we have a corporate goal to offer the public effective alternatives to addictive pain relieving drugs, such as opiods. According to the Society of Actuaries, opioid overdose deaths are now the single largest factor slowing the growth in U.S. life expectancy and has led to stagnation or decreases in life expectancy three years in a row for the first time since 1915 1918, when the country was facing World War I and the Spanish flu pandemic. The U.S. Centers of Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has reported that, from 1999 through 2017, nearly 400,000 have died from overdoses from prescription or illicit opiods. It is our aim to offer effective alternatives to pain management. Critical Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition The FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, codified as ASC 606: Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which provides a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. The Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1, 2019 using modified retrospective basis and the cumulative effect was immaterial to the financial statements. Revenues are recognized in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, when performance obligations are satisfied through the transfer of promised goods to the Company s customers. Control transfers upon shipment of product and when the title has been passed to the customers. This includes the transfer of legal title, physical possession, the risks and rewards of ownership, and customer acceptance. Revenue is recorded net of sales taxes collected from customers on behalf of taxing authorities, allowance for estimated returns, chargebacks, and markdowns based upon management s estimates and the Company s historical experience. The Company s liability for sales return refunds is recognized within other current liabilities, and an asset for the value of inventory which is expected to be returned is recognized within other current assets on the balance sheets. Equity Issued with Convertible Debt The Company is required to issue warrants in conjunction with certain convertible debt. The warrants qualified for equity accounting as the warrants did not fall within the scope of ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The warrants were measured at fair value at the time of issuance and classified as equity. The Company values the warrants using a Black Scholes Merton pricing model and records the warrants as a reduction of the notes included in the debt discount balance. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following table sets forth the audited results of our operations for the years ended December 31: 

2022 2021 Net Sales 1,149,844 907,362 Cost of goods sold: 261,203 199,234 Gross profit 888,641 708,128 Operating Expenses 2,492,169 4,508,391 Loss from operations (1,603,528) (3,800,263) Other expense (1,864,972) (4,679,886) Net Loss (3,468,500) (8,480,149) January 1, 2022 through December 31,2022 Compared to January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 Our sales totaled 1,149,844 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 907,362 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily related to an increase in units sold. Cost of sales and gross margins for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 261,203 and 77 and 199,234 and 78 , respectively. Our cost of sales consists of the cost of materials and distribution expenses. Cost of sales and gross margins are affected by product mix as well as the mix in the level of sales between commissioned agents and distributors. The following table sets forth the operating expenses for the years ended December 31: 

2022 2021 Change Sales and marketing 30,566 92,608 (62,042) Commissions 220,567 207,264 13,303 Payroll related 963,177 2,441,758 (1,478,581) Consulting and professional fees 940,954 1,386,758 (445,804) Research and development 92,299 215,320 (123,021) Other operating expenses 244,606 164,683 79,923 2,492,169 4,508,391 (2,016,222) The following table sets forth the stock- based compensation expense included in the above operating expenses for the years ended December 31: 

2022 2021 Change Sales and marketing 8,000 8,000 Payroll related 14,703 1,666,716 (1,652,013) Consulting and professional fees 486,900 963,428 (476,528) 509,603 2,630,144 (2,120,541) Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll related expenses, commissions, consulting and professional fees, sales and marketing, research and development and other operating expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses totaled 2,492,169 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 4,508,391 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 2,016,222 or about 45 . The change is primarily due to decreases in stock-based compensation expense of 2,120,541, research and development costs of 123,021 and marketing costs of 62,042, partially offset by non -stock-based compensation related increases in payroll related costs of 173,432 and other operating expenses of 79,923. Stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, includes 963,428 related to third party agreements for financial and strategic advisory services, 604,890 related to shares of common stock issued to the Company s CEO as compensation and 1,061,826 related to cashless warrants issued to the Company s CEO and a key employee. Stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes 461,900 related to third party agreements for financial and strategic advisory services, 25,000 for director s fees and 10,000 for shares of Series A preferred stock issued to the Company s CEO as compensation. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 The decrease in research and development costs reflects the initial development payment of approximately 122,000 made under contract in the 2021 period. Ongoing payments are made upon achievement of certain contractual milestones. The decrease in consulting and professional fees is the result of stock-based compensation recorded in conjunction with shares issued for investor relations and financial advisory services. The decrease in marketing expenses is due to the termination of various third- party arrangements. The non -stock-based compensation increase in payroll related costs consists primarily of additional employee headcount and an increase in bonus paid to the Company s CEO of approximately 29,000. The non-stock-based compensation increase in other operating expenses relates primarily to costs associated public company insurance premiums and increased travel for sales and marketing efforts. Other expense decreased by 2,814,914 primarily due to a decrease in interest expense of 2,522,780, and a decrease in gain in the change in fair market value of derivative liabilities of 1,415,685, partially offset by a loss on extinguishment of debt of 1,079,800. The decrease in interest expense reflects a decrease in the amortization of debt discount related to debt conversions and maturities that occurred since June 2021 as well as no day 1 derivative loss for newly incurred debt in the 2022 period, as compared to the 2021 period. All derivative liabilities were settled as of December 31, 2021. As a result of the foregoing, we recorded a net loss of 3,468,500 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of 8,480,149 for year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net loss is primarily attributed to the decrease in other expense, the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses and increased gross profit. COVID-19 may impact our business. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern and on March 11, 2020, declared it to be a pandemic. Actions taken around the world to help mitigate the spread of the COVID-19 include restrictions on travel, and quarantines in certain areas, and forced closures for certain types of public places and businesses. COVID-19, and actions taken to mitigate it, have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical areas in which we operate. While it is unknown how long these conditions will last and what the complete financial effect will be to the Company, COVID-19 may have an adverse effect on our business. While we are taking diligent steps to mitigate any possible disruptions to our business, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts, at this time, to our future financial condition and results of operations. Liquidity and Capital Resources During the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents decreased by 14,745 reflecting cash used in operations of 773,337, and net proceeds from financing activities of 758,592. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of 2,276,373 and cash on hand of 368,425. The Company requires additional capital to service its working capital deficit and fund future operations. The Company expects to obtain funding through additional debt and equity placement offerings until it consistently achieves positive cash flows from operations. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funding, it may not be able to meet all of its obligations as they come due for the next twelve months. The continuing viability of the entity and its ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the entity being successful in its continuing efforts in growing its revenue base and/or accessing additional sources of capital, and/or selling assets. Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. As of the date of this filing, the Company is currently in default with one its lenders, for non-payment of two matured convertible promissory notes issued on October 13, 2021, and February 11, 2022, with principal and interest due in the amounts of 78,495 and 95,410, respectively. Further, and as a result of the Company s sale of its real property on March 15, 2023, the Company is in default with its unmatured convertible promissory note issued to the lender on September 15, 2022. The convertible promissory notes issued to the lender all contain provisions for default amounts equal to the principal amounts, plus accrued interest, and default interest, through the date of repayment, multiplied by 125 . Separately, and also as a result of the Company s sale of its real property on March 15, 2023, the Company is in default respecting unmatured convertible promissory notes issued to two lenders on February 11, 2022, and August 8, 2022, in the principal amounts of 307,500 and 176,000, respectively, each not including interest due. One convertible note included a cross-default provision which required the Company to remit full repayment of interest and principal due through the date of full repayment multiplied by 125 . 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 As of the date of this filing, the note holders have agreed to temporarily waive the respective defaults, including principal, interest, default penalties, and default amounts, and to enter into negotiations to reform the respective outstanding convertible notes payable. Accordingly, no amounts were accrued as a result of the defaults. Operating Activities Cash flows used in operating activities totaled 773,337 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash flows used of 1,193,688 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash flows used in operating activities is primarily the result of improved operating results, a decrease in inventory purchases and deposits and increased customer deposits, partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. Financing Activities Cash flows provided by financing activities totaled 758,592 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1,311,945 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The cash flows provided in the 2022 period reflect 1,545,140 in net proceeds from convertible promissory notes and 42,766 from the sale of common stock, partially offset by repayment of convertible promissory notes and related party notes payable totaling 803,959. The cash flows provided in the 2021 period are primarily the result of 1,510,000 in net proceeds from convertible promissory notes partially offset by related party notes payable repayments totaling 158,875. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued convertible promissory notes to certain investors totaling 1,859,480 with net proceeds of 1,545,140. Original issue discount totaling 185,580, loan costs totaling 128,760 and the fair value of warrants issued or to be issued to third party advisors of 110,552 have been recorded as a discount on the notes. The notes accrue interest at 12 per annum and have initial conversion prices of 0.015- 0.025, with the exception of one note, subject to adjustment and mature nine months to one year from issuance. One note is only convertible upon default and at a 25 discount to trading prices during the ten days prior to conversion election. As additional consideration for the financings, the Company issued the lenders three to five-year warrants to purchase a total of 21,000,000 shares of common stock at an initial price of 0.025 per share, and three to five-year trigger warrants to purchase a total of 173,000,000 shares of common stock at 0.015- 0.025 per share, subject to price adjustments for certain actions, including dilutive issuances. The relative fair value of the warrants totaling 385,422 has been recorded as a discount on the notes. The trigger warrants may only be exercised if the convertible promissory notes are not paid in full at the maturity dates. The warrants do not provide for registration rights. As of the date of this filing, warrants to purchase 25,000,000 shares of common stock have been triggered. In January and February 2022, the Company sold 1,500,000 shares of common stock at prices ranging from 0.0259- 0.0353 under a stock purchase agreement with net proceeds totaling 42,766. Related Party Transactions We follow FASB ASC subtopic 850-10, Related Party Transactions , for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to ASC 850-10-20, related parties include: a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. Material related party transactions are required to be disclosed in the financial statements, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which statements of operation are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which statements of operations are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d) amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accountants 17 Balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 18 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 19 Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 20 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 21 Notes to Financial Statements 22 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Electromedical Technologies, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Electromedical Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows, for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a negative working capital balance, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ PCAOB # We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. March 31, 2023 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 

2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid inventories and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Credit cards payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Customer deposits Convertible promissory notes, net of discount of and , respectively Related party notes payable Long term debt, current portion Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Bank debt, net of current portion Government debt, net of current portion Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders deficit Series A Preferred Stock, shares authorized and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Series B Preferred Stock, share authorized and outstanding Common stock, par value, and shares authorized; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense) Interest expense ) ) Change in fair market value of derivative liabilities ) Other income (expense) ) Forgiveness of debt Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Total other expense ) ) Net loss ) ) Deemed dividend related to warrant resets ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted Weighted average loss per share - basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Series A Preferred Series B Preferred Additional Total Stock Stock Common Stock Paid in Accumulated Stockholders Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Shares issued for consulting services Warrants issued for consulting services Warrant issued in conjunction with convertible promissory note Warrants reset in conjunction with convertible promissory notes ) Conversion of convertible promissory notes Conversion of related party notes payable Shares issued in conjunction with warrant cancellations ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Adoption of ASU2020-06 ) ) Issuance of common stock for cash Shares issued for consulting services and director s fees Shares issued in conjunction with forbearance of convertible promissory notes Shares issued in conjunction with convertible promissory notes settlement Warrants issued in conjunction with debt settlement Warrants issued in conjunction with convertible promissory notes Warrants reset in conjunction with convertible promissory notes ) Conversion of convertible promissory notes Stock-based compensation Cashless warrant exercises ) Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Forgiveness of debt ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Amortization of debt discount and day 1 derivative loss Change in fair value of derivative liabilities- convertible promissory notes Other Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Prepaid inventories and other current assets ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Credit cards payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Customer deposits ) Other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments on bank debt ) ) Related party notes payable-net ) ) Issuance of convertible promissory notes Repayments on notes payable ) ) Issuance of common stock for cash- net Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: January 1, 2022 adoption of ASU2020-06 Warrants, common stock and beneficial conversion feature issued in conjunction with convertible promissory notes Derivative liabilities issued in conjunction with convertible promissory notes Conversion of convertible promissory note and accrued interest into shares of common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 million of accumulated net losses. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used in operations and had a working capital deficit of million. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company expects to obtain funding through additional debt and equity placement offerings until it consistently achieves positive cash flows from operations. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funding, it may not be able to meet all of its obligations as they come due for the next twelve months. The continuing viability of the entity and its ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the entity being successful in its continuing efforts in growing its revenue base and/or accessing additional sources of capital, and/or selling assets. As a result, there is significant uncertainty whether the entity will continue as a going concern and, therefore, whether it will realize its assets and settle its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business and at the amounts stated in the financial statements. Accordingly, no adjustments have been made to the financial statements relating to the recoverability and classification of the asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the entity not continue as a going concern. At this time, management is of the opinion that no asset is likely to be realized for an amount less than the amount at which it is recorded in the financial statements as at December 31, 2022. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 day right of return to its customers. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the sales returns allowance was . Certain larger customers pay in advance for future shipments. These advance payments totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are recorded as customer deposits in the accompanying balance sheets. Revenue related to these advance payments is recognized upon shipment to the distributor or the end-customer. At the completion of the initial warranty, the Company sells extended warranties for periods ranging from one to . Revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred revenue of and is recorded, respectively, in current liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets, in connection with these extended warranties. as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Customer B Customer C Amounts due these customers totaled and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively for commissions and reimbursements. Amounts due from these customers totaled and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Customer deposits on hand from these customers totaled 66,445 and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The loss of these customers would have a significant impact on the operations and cash flows of the Company. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 There were amounts outstanding due this supplier at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The loss of key vendors may have a significant impact on the operations and cash flows of the Company. The estimated fair value of financial instruments has been determined using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is often required to interpret market data used to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented may not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. Disclosure of Fair Value The disclosure requirements within Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurement, require disclosure of estimated fair values of certain financial instruments. For financial instruments recognized at fair value in the Company s statements of operations, the disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 820-10 also apply. The methods and assumptions are set forth below: Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The carrying amounts of receivables approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities. The carrying amounts of payables approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities. 
 Asset and liabilities measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following categories based on inputs: Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset and liability or can be corroborated with observable market data for substantially the entire contractual term of the asset or liability Level 3 Pricing inputs include significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of investments. The types of investments, which would generally be included in this category include equity securities issued by private entities. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given investment is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the investment. The following table presents changes during the year ended December 31, 2021 in Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Derivative liabilities in conjunction with convertible promissory notes Conversion of convertible promissory notes ) Fair value- December 31, 2021 There were not Level 3 liabilities in 2022. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 . Office furniture and equipment is depreciated using the double-declining method or the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of three to . Betterments, renewals, and extraordinary repairs that materially extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized; other repairs and maintenance charges are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation applicable to assets retired are removed from the accounts, and the gain or loss on disposition, if any, is recognized in the accompanying statements of operations. impairment losses of long-lived assets were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. accruals for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to examination by U.S. federal tax authorities for returns filed for the prior three years and by state and local income tax authorities for returns filed for the prior four years. There are no examinations currently pending. The Company s tax provision for 2022 related to deferred tax charges consisting of accrued liabilities, customer deposits and accounts payable, for which the Company will receive the benefit from when paid and the net operating loss incurred during 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company evaluated its deferred tax assets of and determined a full valuation allowance was appropriate since it is not more likely than not that the Company will produce income in the foreseeable future to utilize the Net Operating Loss (NOL) carryforward. Deferred tax assets related primarily to book to tax timing differences pertaining to accrued liabilities of , accounts payable of and customer deposits of after applying a blended federal and state effective tax rate of . In addition, the deferred tax balance also increased as a result of the federal NOL increasing to after applying 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 federal tax rate. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance increased by to fully offset the increase in the deferred tax asset The Company s tax provision for 2021 related to deferred tax charges consisting of accrued liabilities and accounts payable, for which the Company will receive the benefit from when paid and the net operating loss incurred during 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company evaluated its deferred tax assets of and determined a full valuation allowance was appropriate. Deferred tax assets related primarily to accrued liabilities and accounts payable of and net operating losses of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the valuation allowance increased by . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company s net operating loss carry forward was increased by and , respectively. NOLs originating in 2021 and 2022 can be carried forward indefinitely until the loss is fully recovered, but they are limited to 80 of the taxable income in any one tax period. However, this 80 limitation was removed for the 2018, 2019, and 2020 tax years by the CARES Act, which also allows for a 5-year carryback of the NOLs generated in 2018 and 2019. The difference between the statutory rate of and the effective tax rate is due to permanent differences and a full valuation allowance. The Company was granted a PPP loan from the SBA in 2020 in the amount of that was fully forgiven in 2021. This amount was treated as a permanent book to tax difference for federal tax reporting purposes in 2021 and fully excluded as a nontaxable income item. Total net loss operating carry forward at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. related to sales taxes. . Such accruals are based upon historical experience and management s estimate of the level of future claims. The Company recorded a liability as of, December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. The expense is included in cost of sales in the statements of operations and within accrued expenses on the accompanying balance sheets. and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total research and development costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying statements of operations. and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have not been included in the net loss per share calculation. The number of underlying shares related to convertible promissory notes may vary based upon the actual date of conversion. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 , a decrease in additional paid-in capital of and an increase to retained earnings of as of January 1, 2022. See Note 4. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) . The new standard establishes a right-of-use ROU model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability, measured on a discounted basis, on the balance sheet for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for capital and operating leases existing at the date of adoption, with certain practical expedients available. The accounting guidance, which is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2022, has been adopted with no significant financial statement impact. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, authoritative guidance, if currently adopted, would have a material impact on the Company s financial statement presentation or disclosures. Furniture and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation and amortization are included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying statements of operations. in payroll protection program loans PPP ). These loans provide for certain funding based on previous employment which in part may be forgivable under certain conditions. No payment is due during the deferral period which ends the earlier of the date of SBA forgiveness or ten months after the last day of the covered period. The remaining portion needs to be repaid over and carries a annual interest rate. These loans require no collateral nor personal guarantees. The loan was forgiven in its entirety in February 2021 and has been included in other income in the accompanying statement of operations. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 plus in accrued interest. Under the terms of the agreement, the total was settled in cash of divided into payments and shares of Company common stock at a conversion price of per share. Cash payments totaling , were made in 2021, with the remaining principal balance of paid in January 2022. Interest expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Convertible Promissory Notes We adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1,2022 using the modified retrospective method of transition. This resulted in an increase in convertible promissory notes of , by eliminating remaining debt discount related to beneficial conversion features on outstanding notes as of January 1, 2022. See Note 2. On September 3, 2021, the Company entered into a forbearance agreement with one of its lenders. As additional consideration for entering into the forbearance agreement, the Company agreed to issue the lender the number of shares equal to on January 15, 2022 at a discount based upon the previous -day average closing price. Effective after January 15, 2022, if the Company enters into an agreement with a third-party investor for consideration per share less than the fixed price per share of the notes, the Company agrees to amend and restate the notes to reduce the conversion price. On January 20, 2022, the conversion price was reset to for the remaining outstanding notes. The terms of the forbearance agreement have been treated as a modification to the existing notes and are being amortized over the remaining term of the notes. Amortization of related to the stock consideration has been recorded in 2021 as interest expense. On March 25, 2022, the Company amended the forbearance agreement. Under the amendment, the maturity dates of the outstanding notes were changed to October 1, 2022. In addition, the Company will issue shares of its common stock at a fair market value of per share based on the quoted stock price as of the amendment date, which is in lieu of the discounted shares equal to stated in the original agreement. The Company will also make monthly payments of . The Company made a good faith payment of in February 2022 and its first payment under the amendment in March 2022. The terms of the forbearance agreement have been accounted for as an extinguishment of debt resulting in a loss of which has been recorded as other expense in the accompanying statement of operations. In June 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the above lender to convert the outstanding convertible notes payable of and accrued interest of into restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share as dictated by the terms of the notes. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, the number of shares of common stock to be issued under the earlier forbearance agreement was reduced to and recorded as a reduction of in the extinguishment of debt. In October 2022, the Company amended its settlement agreement with the lender and issued the lender shares of common stock and accounted for as an extinguishment of debt resulting in a loss of , of which relates to shares that are to be issued and are recorded as accrued expense in the Company s balance sheet at December 31, 2022. If, upon the one-year anniversary of the effective date of the June 2022 settlement agreement, the lender and its designees have beneficial ownership over the settlement payment shares, and the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported on the OTC Markets is less than per share, then for a period of thirty (30) days after the one-year anniversary, the lender and its designees shall have the right to elect, and the Company shall have the obligation, to issue additional shares to the lender and its designees. If, for a period of two years from the effective date, the Company issues, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sells or otherwise disposes of, or sells or issues any common stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share less than (such lower price a Dilutive Issuance ), then the price per share used to calculate the settlement payment shares shall be reduced to the lower price. Certain subsequent transactions resulted in a recalculation of the number of shares originally issued as the settlement payment. Additional shares totaling are to be issued as of December 31, 2022 and have been accounted for as an extinguishment of debt resulting in a loss of and recorded as other expense in the accompanying statement of operations and as an accrued expense in the accompanying balance sheet. See Note 11. In April 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with one of its lenders to push back the allowable conversion date of a convertible note payable totaling . In conjunction with the agreement, the Company issued the lender warrants at an exercise price of and with a 5-year maturity. See Note 9. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 in conjunction with an unsecured promissory note with an investor. Proceeds of include an original issue discount of . An up-front interest charge at twelve percent of the principal will be added to the principal balance for an outstanding balance of to be paid in monthly payments of beginning August 30, 2022. The note matures on July 6, 2023. At any time only following an event of default, the investor shall have the right, to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of the note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock. The note may be converted at a discount to trading prices during the days prior to conversion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued convertible promissory notes, including the note discussed above, to certain investors totaling with net proceeds of . Original issue discount totaling , loan costs totaling and the fair value of warrants issued or to be issued to third party advisors of have been recorded as a discount on the notes. The notes accrue interest at per annum and have initial conversion prices of - subject to adjustment, in the case of subsequent dilutive issuances, and mature to from issuance. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding convertible promissory notes are convertible into shares of common stock. As additional consideration for the financings, the Company issued the investors three to warrants to purchase a total of shares of common stock at an initial price of per share, and three to trigger warrants to purchase a total of shares of common stock at - per share, subject to price adjustments for certain actions, including dilutive issuances. The relative fair value of the warrants totaling has been recorded as a discount on the notes. The trigger warrants may only be exercised if the convertible promissory notes are not paid in full at the maturity dates. The warrants do not provide for registration rights. See Note 9. During the year ended December 31, 2022, lenders converted principal totaling approximately plus accrued interest and fees into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, lenders converted principal totaling plus accrued interest into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the subsequent issuance of convertible promissory notes with warrant exercises and stock issuances triggered a conversion price reset on certain convertible promissory notes to per share. See Note 8. Retroactive issuance of shares may be issued in conjunction with certain 2022 conversions at per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued convertible promissory notes to certain investors totaling with net proceeds of . Original issue discount totaling and loan costs totaling have been recorded as a discount on the notes. The notes accrue interest at per annum and have initial conversion prices of - subject to adjustment and mature from issuance. As additional consideration for the financings, the Company issued the investors five- year warrants to purchase a total of shares of common stock at initial prices of to per share. The relative fair value of the warrants totaling has been recorded as discount on the notes. Certain of the notes have a variable conversion price and the Company recorded an embedded derivative liability. The fair value of the liability totaled at the dates of issuance and was recorded as a discount on the note. The fair value of the derivative liability as of the date of issuance was in excess of the note resulting in full discount of the note and a charge to interest expense. See Note 6. The aggregate of convertible promissory notes is as follows: Debt discount balance ) ) Net Notes balance As of the date of this filing, the Company is currently in default with one its lenders, for non-payment of two matured convertible promissory notes issued on October 13, 2021, and February 11, 2022, with principal and interest due in the amounts of and , respectively. Further, and as a result of the Company s sale of its real property on March 15, 2023, the Company is in default with its unmatured convertible promissory note issued to the lender on September 15, 2022. The convertible promissory notes issued to the lender all contain provisions for default amounts equal to the principal amounts, plus accrued interest, and default interest, through the date of repayment, multiplied by . Separately, and also as a result of the Company s sale of its real property on March 15, 2023, the Company is in default respecting unmatured convertible promissory notes issued to two lenders on February 11, 2022, and August 8, 2022, in the principal amounts of and , respectively, each not including interest due. One convertible note included a cross-default provision which required the Company to remit full repayment of interest and principal due through the date of full repayment multiplied by . 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 October 2021 February 2022 ) March 2022 ) July 2022 ) August 2022 ) September 2022 ) ) The Net Notes balance at December 31, 2021 is comprised of the following: July 2020 August 2020 September 2020 November 2020 ) December 2020 ) October 2021 ) ) economic injury disaster loan EIDL ). The loan accrues interest at a rate of annually and is collateralized by all personal property and intangible assets of the Company. The loan has a -month moratorium on payments, after which monthly principal and interest payments of will be made through the maturity date of June 2050. Bank Debt In September 2015, the Company entered into a credit agreement for a term loan with a financial institution. Payment terms consist of monthly payments in arrears of for the first year outstanding. The monthly payment then increases to until the term loan matures on September 30, 2025, in which the remaining unpaid principal balance and accrued interest is due. The interest rate for the first year was per annum and increased to per annum for the remaining life of the term loan. The term loan is collateralized by a deed of trust in the office building. The proceeds were used to purchase a building for which the Company s operations are located. The net principal balance outstanding on the term loan at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The term loan is personally guaranteed by the Company s CEO. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Derivative liabilities in conjunction with convertible promissory notes Conversion of convertible promissory notes ) Fair value- December 31, 2021 plus in accrued interest. Under the terms of the agreement, the total was settled in cash of divided into payments and shares of Company stock at a conversion price of per share. Cash payments totaling of , were made in 2021, with the remaining principal balance of paid in January 2022. Interest expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In June 2022, the Company entered into a one-year independent director agreement in conjunction with the appointment of a new member to its Board of Directors. The agreement requires the Company to issue the director worth of registered shares for each month of service as compensation. Compensation expense totaling has been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. On November 2, 2022, the Company issued shares as payment for in director compensation with the remaining accrued to be settled upon issuance of shares Company of common stock. The agreement was mutually terminated in December 2022, upon the director s resignation. The Company previously entered into a consulting agreement with this director for . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled the liability by issuing shares of its common stock. In addition, the Company issued the director shares as payment for certain marketing funds advanced totaling . See Note 8. In December 2022, the Company appointed new members to its Board of Directors, a consultant and an employee. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock, respectively, at prices ranging from to per share, in conjunction with agreements for financial and strategic advisory consulting services. The fair market value of the shares for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaling and , respectively was determined based the on the Company s closing price at the date of issuance. See Notes 8 and 11. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 and during the years ended December 31,2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also paid the Company s CEO towards the balance of the 2019 signing bonus. In September 2022, the Company issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO as compensation at per share or . See Note 8. In February 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Company s CEO as compensation at per share. Compensation expense of has been recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. In October 2021, the Company issued the Company s CEO cashless warrants at an exercise price of per share. Compensation expense of has been recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 9. shares of common stock at prices ranging from - under a stock purchase agreement with net proceeds totaling . In March 2022, the Company s board of directors approved a resolution to amend the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the Company s authorized common shares authorized from to . In September 2022, the Company s board of directors approved a resolution to amend the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the Company s authorized common shares from to . See Note 11. In June 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the above lender to convert the outstanding convertible notes payable of and accrued interest of into restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share as dictated by the terms of the notes. See Note 4. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock, at prices ranging from - per share, in conjunction with agreements for financial and strategic advisory consulting services. The fair market value of the shares totaling was determined based on the Company s closing price on the dates of issuance and has been recorded as selling, general and administrative expense in the Company s statement of operations. One of the agreements for which shares were issued, provides for anti-dilution rights to secure the consultant s original ownership percentage. Additional shares totaling are to be issued and have been accounted for as an extinguishment of debt resulting in a loss of which has been recorded as other expense in the accompanying statement of operations and as an accrued expense in the accompanying balance sheet. See Note 11. In addition, the Company issued a member of its board of directors shares as payment for certain marketing funds advanced totaling . See Note 7. During the year ended December 31, 2022, certain lenders exercised of warrants through cashless exercise at - per share issuing shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, certain lenders converted principal totaling plus accrued interest into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Company s CEO as compensation expense at a value of or per share. The value of the compensation has been recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s statement of operations. The fair market value of the shares was determined based the on the Company s closing price on the date of issuance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock at prices ranging from to per share, in conjunction with agreements for financial and strategic advisory consulting services. The fair market value of the shares totaling was determined based the on the Company s closing price at the date of issuance. The value of the compensation has been recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s statement of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, lenders converted principal totaling plus accrued interest into shares of common stock. 
 32 

Table of Contents) shares were authorized. Holders of Series A Preferred hold rights to vote on all matters requiring a shareholder vote at common shares vote equivalents for each share of Series A Preferred held. The Series A Preferred Stock shall hold senior liquidation rights to all other classes of shares, including, but not limited to Common Shares. In September 2022, the Company issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO, for a total of outstanding, as compensation at per share or . The value of the compensation has been recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s statement of operations. The fair market value of the shares was determined based on the Company s closing price on the date of issuance. Series B Preferred Stock In September 2021, the Company s board of directors and a majority of shareholders eligible to vote adopted a resolution designating a new Series B Preferred Stock. One (1) share was authorized. The Series B Preferred Stock shall rank: senior to all of the Common Stock, par value per share, of the Company and senior to all other classes or series of capital stock of the Company currently outstanding. The Holder of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters subject to a vote or written consent of the holders of the Company s Common Stock, and on all such matters, the share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to the total number of eligible votes of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, and all other securities of the Company, plus one hundred thousand ) votes on a fully diluted basis, it being the intention of the Company that the Holder of the Series B Preferred Stock shall have effective voting control of the Corporation, on a fully diluted basis. The Holder of the Series B Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class. See Note 11. See Note 9 for activity related to warrants. shares. Stock options granted under the Plan have up to terms with vesting terms to be determined by the administrator of the Plan. Stock unit grant terms will be set by the administrator and at the discretion of the administrator, be settled in cash, shares, or a combination of both. As of December 31, 2022, the Company granted shares of common stock under the Company s Employee and Consultant Stock Ownership Plan at a price of per share. Compensation expense of has been recorded as accrued expense in the Company s balance sheet at December 31, 2022. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 and during the years ended December 31,2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock-based compensation is included in selling, general, and administrative expense in the accompanying statements of operations. Stock-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest. Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Warrants During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in conjunction with various convertible promissory notes. See Note 4. The warrants entitle the holders to each purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. The warrants expire in three to . The warrants qualified for equity accounting as the warrants did not fall within the scope of ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The warrants were measured at fair value at the time of issuance and classified as equity. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 - Exercise Price Risk Free Rate - Expected Life (Yrs.) - Volatility - The relative fair value of the warrants of has been recorded as a discount on the notes. In addition, the Company issued three to five-year trigger warrants with the convertible promissory notes to purchase a total of shares of common stock at - per share, subject to price adjustments for certain actions, including dilutive issuances. The trigger warrants may only be exercised if the convertible promissory notes are not paid in full at the maturity dates. The warrants do not provide for registration rights. The Company is required to issue warrants in conjunction these convertible debt financings to third-party financial advisors. In accordance with the terms of the advisory agreements, such warrants shall equal - of equity securities sold in the financings. The fair value of warrants to be issued of approximately has been accrued and recorded as a discount on the notes. The fair value of warrants issued of has been recorded as a discount on the note. In April 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with one of its lenders to push back the allowable conversion date of a convertible note payable totaling . In conjunction with the agreement, the Company issued the lender warrants at an exercise price of and with a maturity. The fair value of the warrants of and the unamortized debt discount on the note have been accounted for as an extinguishment of debt resulting in a loss of which has been recorded as other expense in the accompanying statement of operations. The warrants qualified for equity accounting as the warrants did not fall within the scope of ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The warrants were measured at fair value at the time of issuance and classified as equity. The Company valued the warrants using a Black Scholes pricing model. The following table summarizes the assumptions used in the valuation model to determine the fair value of the warrants: - Exercise Price - Risk Free Rate - Expected Life (Yrs.) - Volatility - The following table summarizes the information with respect to outstanding warrants to purchase common stock of the Company, all of which were exercisable at December 31, 2022: December 1, 2023 May 1, 2020 May 1, 2025 October 1, 2021 October 1, 2026 October 17, 2021 October 17, 2024 August 10, 2022 August 10, 2027 September 15, 2022 September 15, 2025 September 29, 2022 September 29, 2027 During the year ended December 31, 2022, certain transactions triggered the warrant reset feature on certain previously issued warrants. The resets for all outstanding warrants were recorded as a reduction to retained earnings and in an increase to additional paid-in-capital of . Retroactive application of the reset rate to a 2022 exercise may result in an additional shares to be issued. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 and cashless warrants to the Company s CEO and an employee, respectively. The warrants have an exercise price of and a maturity date of October 1, 2026. Compensation expense of been recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company utilizes the Black Scholes valuation model which relies on certain assumptions to estimate the warrant s fair value. The assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of the warrants awarded are provided in the table below. Expected dividend yield Average risk-free interest rate Expected term years On October 17, 2021, the Company issued a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in conjunction with a finder s fee agreement entered in June 2021. The warrant entitles the holder to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant expires on October 17, 2024. Compensation expense of been recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company utilizes the Monte Carlo pricing model which relies on certain assumptions to estimate the warrant s fair value. The assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of the warrant awarded are provided in the table below. - Exercise Price Risk Free Rate -. Expected Life (Yrs.) - Volatility - The following table summarizes the information with respect to outstanding warrants to purchase common stock of the Company, all of which were exercisable at December 31, 2021: December 1, 2023 May 1, 2020 May 1, 2025 February 8, 2021 February 8, 2026 October 1, 2021 October 1, 2026 October 13, 2021 October 13, 2026 October 17, 2021 October 17, 2024 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the subsequent issuance of convertible promissory notes with certain terms and convertible promissory note conversions triggered the warrant reset feature on certain previously issued warrants. The resets for all outstanding warrants were recorded as a reduction to retained earnings and in an increase to additional paid-in-capital of . 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 , of which has been paid to date. The agreement requires that the remaining payments be made in conjunction with certain development milestones. The Company expects to meet these milestones over the next twelve to eighteen months. Contingencies The Company is subject to various loss contingencies and assessments arising in the normal course of the business, some of which relate to litigation, claims, property taxes and sales and use tax or goods and services tax assessments. The Company considers the likelihood of the loss or the incurrence of a liability, as well as its ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies and assessments. An estimated loss contingency or assessment is accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management regularly evaluates current information available to them to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted. Based on the information presently available, including discussion with counsel and other consultants, management believes that resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. As of the date of this filing, the Company is currently in default with one its lenders, for non-payment of two matured convertible promissory notes issued on October 13, 2021, and February 11, 2022, with principal and interest due in the amounts of and , respectively. Further, and as a result of the Company s sale of its real property on March 15, 2023, the Company is in default with its unmatured convertible promissory note issued to the lender on September 15, 2022. The convertible promissory notes issued to the lender all contain provisions for default amounts equal to the principal amounts, plus accrued interest, and default interest, through the date of repayment, multiplied by . Separately, and also as a result of the Company s sale of its real property on March 15, 2023, the Company is in default respecting unmatured convertible promissory notes issued to two lenders on February 11, 2022, and August 8, 2022, in the principal amounts of and , respectively, each not including interest due. One convertible note included a cross-default provision which required the Company to remit full repayment of interest and principal due through the date of full repayment multiplied by . As of the date of this filing, the note holders have agreed to temporarily waive the respective defaults, including principal, interest, default penalties, and default amounts, and to enter into negotiations to reform the respective outstanding convertible notes payable. Accordingly, no amounts were accrued as a result of the defaults. An annual bonus of million shares of common stock for an increase in gross revenue of or more over the previous years Instituted a bonus plan that provides for monthly and quarterly cash bonuses based on certain growth requirements A bonus of million shares of common stock upon up listing to a senior stock exchange or successful reverse stock split Issuance of the authorized Series B Preferred stock. 
 In the event of a change of control of the Company, a cash payment of at least million, subject to increase or change by the disinterested board will be paid to the CEO. In January 2023, holders of convertible promissory notes converted of principal and interest into of common stock at a price of per share. In January 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock granted and accrued at December 31, 2022 under the Company s Employee and Consultant Stock Ownership Plan. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 to . In February 2023, the Company entered into a one-year consulting agreement under the Company s Employee and Consultant Stock Ownership Plan, with an advisor and director in exchange for compensation of million shares of common stock. The agreement includes a registration requirement. In February 2023, shares to be issued in conjunction with anti-dilution provisions of a third -party consulting agreement were settled for a cash payment totaling . See Note 8. In February 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock as part of the June 2022 convertible notes payable settlement. See Note 4. On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to sell the building of its principal offices at a purchase price of million and net proceeds of , upon repayment in full of the Company s bank debt. The Company simultaneously entered into a lease agreement with the purchaser to lease the facilities for a month. In March 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock in conjunction with the cashless exercise of warrants by convertible note holders. Trigger warrants to purchase a total of shares of common stock, became exercisable as of March 31, 2023, as the convertible promissory notes were not paid in full at the maturity dates. SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Company is a smaller reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses discussed below. Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer and effected by the Board, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: o pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets. o provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures of are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and, o provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of our inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management identified the following material weaknesses: o we do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated to have an Audit Committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert board member, is an utmost important entity level control of the Company s financial statements. Currently, the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee and includes a member that is considered to be independent of management to assist in providing the necessary oversight over management s activities. o we have not performed a risk assessment and mapped our processes to control objectives. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 o we have not implemented comprehensive entity-level internal controls. o we have not implemented adequate system and manual controls; and o we do not have sufficient segregation of duties. Our management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management s assessment, management concluded that the above material weaknesses have not been remediated and, accordingly, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as of December 31, 2022. Remediation of Material Weaknesses Management understands that in order to remediate the material weaknesses, additional segregation of duties, changes in personnel and technologies are necessary. We will not consider these material weaknesses fully remediated until management has implemented and tested those internal controls and found them to be operating effectively. This Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to such attestation pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting We implemented no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our Board of Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers, the principal offices and positions held by each person, and the date such person became a director or executive officer. Our executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors. The directors serve one-year terms until their successors are elected. The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death, resignation or removal by the Board of Directors. Unless described below, there are no family relationships among any of the directors and officers. The following table presents information with respect to our officers and directors as of December 31, 2022: 

Name Age Position Matthew Wolfson 51 Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer Lee Benson (1) 61 Director Robert Hymers (2) 39 Director Petar Gajic (2) 51 Employee Director (1) Appointed by the Board of Directors in June 2022, Mr. Benson resigned from the Board on December 12, 2022. (2) Appointed by the Board of Directors on December 20, 2022 Biographical Information Regarding Officers and Directors Matthew Wolfson Mr. Wolfson has been our sole officer and director from inception until the appointment of Lee Benson, Robert Hymers and Petar Gajic in 2022. Mr. Wolfson is a Phoenix based entrepreneur with a keen interest in technology and design. He is the founder of Electromedical Technologies, Inc. and has been the CEO and has worked full-time for the Company since he began researching and developing the WellnessPro in 2003. As an entrepreneur he has been involved in several successful companies, in the early 90 s, Matthew Wolfson co-founded Globalcom 2000 and entered into the prepaid phone card business, which at that time was an almost unknown market. Globalcom 2000 became one of the largest phone card companies in the United States. In 1994, he developed an interest in the telecom International Callback business and co-founded One World Communications. He subsequently travelled the world, opening up over 150 training centers and helped create the world s largest International global sales force selling telecom services. Lee Benson Mr. Benson began his career as the first employee in a small company providing specialty electroplating services to repair aircraft components. Mr. Benson purchased the company in 1993. He then went on to found Able Engineering Component Services in 1995 and Able Aerospace in 1999, subsequently expanding from 3 to 500+ employees and driving 15 straight years of 20 percent compounded average annual growth. Benson sold Able Aerospace to Textron Aviation (which itself includes the Beechcraft, Hawker, Bell, and Cessna brands). After he secured the sale, Mr. Benson founded Execute to Win, LLC to help other businesses achieve maximum success and profit from his experience and expertise. ETW offers consultancy services to help businesses develop and implement effective communication strategies affecting decision making and approaches to work. Robert Hymers Robert Hymers was the past president and CEO of Everlert, Inc. (OTC: EVLI) and director and CFO of Cannabis Global, Inc. (OTC: CBGL). Mr. Hymers is a licensed CPA in the state of California. During his career as a tax professional at Ernst Young, LLP, Mr. Hymers provided tax services to several prominent entertainment and real estate companies. His extensive experience with Entertainment and Private Equity industries and his prolonged involvement with public companies in different roles make him a key 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 asset to the Company. Mr. Hymers has also served as the CFO of Global Hemp Group (OTC: GBHPF) and is the Managing Partner of Pinnacle Tax Services, LLC. Mr. Hymers holds a Master of Science in Taxation and a Bachelor of Science in Accountancy from Petar Gajic Mr. Gajic joined the Company in 2010. As a General Manager (GM), his responsibilities include formulating overall strategy, managing people and establishing policies. In addition to his GM responsibilities, Mr. Gajic is a management representative (MR), and is responsible for the quality policy, objectives and management reviews. He is in charge of maintaining the Company s QMS. (Quality management system - ISO 13485:2016). Currently, Mr. Gajic is overseeing development of the new products, as well as day-to-day operations. Mr. Gajic is a Microsoft System Engineer (MCSE) with over 25 years of experience with a range of computer systems and networks. In the past he was a director of engineering/network advisor for SHARP Electronic regional distribution office. Term of Office Matthew Wolfson has been appointed for a three-year term, renewable for successive one-year terms. Lee Benson was appointed for a one-year term which terminated upon his resignation on December 12, 2022. Robert Hymers has been appointed for a six-month term, until July 1, 2023. Petar Gajic has been appointed for a one-year term. All of our directors are appointed for designated terms to hold office, or until the next annual meeting of stockholders, or until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and are elected or appointed to serve until the next Board of Directors meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock to file initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us, and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were satisfied. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, during the past five years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present director (or person nominated to become director), executive officer, founder, promoter or control person: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. Code of Ethics We have adopted a corporate code of ethics. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code. To the knowledge of the Company, there have been no reported violations of the Code of Ethics. Whistleblower Procedures Policy In accordance with the requirements of Section 301 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a Whistleblower Procedures Policy, stating that all employees of the Company are strongly encouraged to report any evidence of financial irregularities which they may become aware of, including those with respect to internal controls, accounting or auditing 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 matters. Under the Whistleblower Procedures Policy, the management of the Company shall promptly and periodically communicate to all employees with access to accounting, payroll and financial information the means by which they may report any such irregularities. In the event an employee is uncomfortable for any reason reporting irregularities to his or her supervisor or other management of the Company, employees may report directly to any member of the Board of Directors of the Company. The identity of any employee reporting under these procedures will be maintained as confidential at the request of the employee,or may be made on an anonymous basis. Notice must be provided to all of the Company s employees with access to accounting, payroll and financial information in respect of these procedures. The Company does not have any Committees of the Board CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Independence We are not listed on a major U.S. securities exchange and, therefore, are not subject to the corporate governance requirements of any such exchange, including those related to the independence of directors. Upon our listing on any national securities exchange or any inter-dealer quotation system, we will elect such independent directors as is necessary under the rules of any such securities exchange. Board Leadership Structure We currently have three Directors, one of whom is also an executive officer. Our Board has reviewed the Company s current Board leadership structure. In light of the Company s size, nature of the Company s business, regulatory framework under which the Company operates, stockholder base, the Company s peer group and other relevant factors, the Company has determined that this structure is currently the most appropriate Board leadership structure for our company. Nevertheless, the Board intends to carefully evaluate from time to time whether our current structure should be modified based on what the Board believes is best for the Company and our stockholders. Board Role in Risk Oversight Risk is inherent in every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks, including strategic risks, enterprise risks, financial risks, and regulatory risks. While our management is responsible for day to day management of various risks we face, the Board, as a whole, is responsible for evaluating our exposure to risk and to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. The Board reviews and discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Board also has oversight responsibility with respect to the integrity of the Company s financial reporting process and systems of internal control regarding finance and accounting, as well as its financial statements. Audit Committee The Board does not currently have a standing Audit Committee. The full Board performs the principal functions of the Audit Committee. The full Board monitors our financial reporting process and internal control system and reviews and appraises the audit efforts of our independent accountants. Compensation Committee At December 31, 2022, the Company had no standing Compensation Committee. The Board establishes overall compensation policies and reviews and approves compensation recommendations by management. On February 1, 2023 the Board established a Compensation Committee, consisting of its independent director, Mr. Robert Hymers. Nominating Committee The Board does not currently have a standing Nominating Committee. We do not maintain a policy for considering nominees. Our Bylaws provides that the number of Directors shall be fixed from time to time by the Board, but in no event shall be less than the minimum required by law. The Board of Directors shall be large enough to maintain our required expertise but not too large to function efficiently. Director nominees are recommended, reviewed and approved by the entire Board. The Board believes that this process is appropriate due to the relatively small number of directors on the Board and the opportunity to benefit from a variety of opinions and perspectives in determining director nominees by involving the full Board. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 While the Board is solely responsible for the selection and nomination of directors, the Board may consider nominees recommended by stockholders as it deems appropriate. The Board evaluates each potential nominee in the same manner regardless of the source of the potential nominee s recommendation. Although we do not have a policy regarding diversity, the Board does take into consideration the value of diversity among Board members in background, experience, education and perspective in considering potential nominees for recommendation to the Board for selection. Stockholders who wish to recommend a nominee should send nominations to our President, Matthew Wolfson, 16561 North 92 nd Street, Suite 101, Scottsdale, AZ 85260, that includes all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for the election of directors. The recommendation must be accompanied by a written consent of the individual to stand for election if nominated by the Board and to serve if elected. Compensation Consultants We have not historically relied upon the advice of compensation consultants in determining Named Executive Officer compensation. Instead, the full Board reviews compensation levels and makes adjustments based on their personal knowledge of competition in the marketplace, publicly available information and informal surveys of human resource professionals. Stockholder Communications Stockholders who wish to communicate with the Board may do so by addressing their correspondence to the Board at Electromedical Technologies, Inc., Attention: Mathew Wolfson, 16561 North 92 nd Street, Suite 101, Scottsdale, AZ 85260. The Board shall review and respond to all correspondence received, as appropriate. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPE N SATION Matthew Wolfson, is our chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, chairman, secretary and treasurer. Mr. Wolfson receives no compensation for serving as the Chairman and a Director of the Company. During the Director s term, the Company reimburses the Director for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Director in attending any in-person meetings, provided that the Director complies with the generally applicable policies, practices and procedures of the Company for submission of expense reports, receipts or similar documentation of such expenses. Any reimbursements for allocated expenses (as compared to out-of-pocket expenses of the Director in excess of 500.00) must be approved in advance by the Company. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Compensation Table 

Nonqualified Nonequity deferred Stock Option incentive plan compensation All other Name and principal Salary Bonus awards awards compensation earnings compensation Total position Year ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Matthew Wolfson(3) 2022 260,000 133,751 10,000 403,751 (2) Matthew Wolfson(3) 2021 240,000 105,042 604,890 589,903 1,539,835 (1) 

 (1) On February 16, 2021, the Company issued Matthew Wolfson 1,100,000 shares of common stock registered on Form S-8 as compensation expense for a total of 604,890 or 0.5499 per share. In October 2021, the Company issued the Company s CEO 5,000,000 cashless warrants at 0.025 per share. The Company paid the Company s CEO an additional bonus of 105,042 during the year ended December 31, 2021. (2) In September 2022, the Company issued 500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO as compensation at 0.02 per share or 10,000. (3) In January 2023, the Company amended the CEO s employment agreement to include the following: 
 o Increased annual salary to 365,000 o An annual bonus of 25 million shares of common stock for an increase in gross revenue of 10 or more over the previous years o Instituted a bonus plan that provides for monthly and quarterly cash bonuses based on certain growth requirements o A bonus of 10 million shares of common stock upon up listing to a senior stock exchange or successful reverse stock split o Issuance of the share of authorized Series B Preferred stock. o In the event of a change of control of the Company, a cash payment of at least 1.5 million, subject to increase or change by the disinterested board will be paid to the CEO. o A monthly automobile allowance of 2,000 
 Director Compensation Table 

Monthly Directors Title Compensation Matthew Wolfson Employee Director (2) Lee Benson Director 5,000 (1) Robert Hymers Director (3) 

 (1) In June 2022, the Company entered into a one-year independent director agreement. The agreement requires the Company to issue the director 5,000 worth of registered shares for each month of service as compensation. Compensation expense totaling 31,935 has been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. On November 2, 2022, the Company issued 1,658,999 shares as payment for 25,000 in director compensation with the remaining 6,935 accrued to be settled upon issuance of shares Company of common stock. The agreement was mutually terminated in December 2022, upon the director s resignation. The Company previously entered into a consulting agreement with this director for 60,000. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled the 60,000 liability by issuing 6,000,000 shares of its common stock. In addition, the Company issued the director 800,000 shares as payment for certain marketing funds advanced totaling 8,000 (2) See Executive Compensation Table above (3) During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued 7,500,000 and 2,200,000 shares of common stock, respectively, at prices ranging from 0.035 to 0.64 per share, in conjunction with a consulting agreement for financial and strategic advisory services, with Mr. Hymers. Mr Gajic did not receive any compensation. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Retirement Benefits We do not currently provide our named executive officers with supplemental or other retirement benefits. Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 In September 2022, the Company issued 500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to Matthew Wolfson as compensation at 0.02 per share or 10,000. On November 2, 2022, the Company issued 1,658,999 shares to Lee Benson under contract. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled a consulting liability for 60,000 by issuing 6,000,000 shares of its common stock. In addition, the Company issued the director 800,000 shares as payment for certain marketing funds advanced totaling 8,000 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS As of the date hereof, here is information with respect to the securities holdings of (i) our officers and directors, and (ii) all persons (currently none) which, pursuant to filings with the SEC and our stock transfer records, we have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of the shares of Common Stock. The securities beneficially owned by an individual are determined in accordance with the definition of beneficial ownership set forth in the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse and/or minor children of an individual and any other relative who resides in the same home as such individual, as well as other securities as to which the individual has or shares voting or investment power or which each person has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of options or otherwise. Beneficial ownership may be disclaimed as to certain of the securities. The following table is based on the number of shares outstanding totaling 189,784,529 as of December 31, 2022. The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022 by (i) all persons who are known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; and (ii) each director, director nominee, and Named Executive Officer. The footnotes below pertain to total shares, voting rights and conversion shares, and provide other explanations. 

Common Shares Percent of Series A Series A Voting Voting Name of Beneficial Owner Owned Common (1) Owned Votes (2) Shares (3)(4) Power (3) Matthew Wolfson 7460 E Tuckey Ln Scottsdale, AZ 85250 15,406,250 8.12 1,000,000 100,000,000 115,406,250 (4) 60.8 (4) 

 1) Based on 189,784,529 common shares outstanding December 31, 2022. 2) Based on 100 votes of common share equivalents for each Series A Preferred held. 3) Based on combined voting power of Mr. Wolfson s common shares and common shares equivalent rights as a holder of Series A Preferred Shares. 
 Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership, voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of Company preferred stock and common stock. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE As of December 31, 2019, the Company entered into various promissory notes totaling 318,000 with a related party, Donald Steinberg the sole member and manager of Blue Ridge Enterprises, LLC Blue Ridge ), a California limited liability company. The Company entered into additional promissory notes with the related party for 84,500 and repaid 70,000 of promissory notes during the year ended December 31, 2020, for a total of 332,500 outstanding. On December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the related party to repay the then remaining balance of 231,500 plus 18,370 in accrued interest. Under the terms of the agreement, 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 the total is to be settled in cash of 125,620 divided into two payments and 2,000,000 shares of Company stock at a conversion price of 0.062 per share. Cash payments totaling of 158,875, were made in 2021, with the remaining principal balance of 57,875 paid in January 2022. Interest expense totaled 0 and 18,590 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On September 23, 2020, the related party converted the remaining shares of 7,156,497 under the KISS liability-related party at a value of 1,452,575, which was reclassed to additional paid-in-capital. In July 2017, the Company entered into a 250,000 promissory note with its CEO, Matthew Wolfson. Mr. Wolfson is considered a Related Party since he is the Company s Principal Executive Officer. The proceeds were used for operations and Regulation A+ offering costs. The promissory note began accruing interest on the interest commencement date of October 1,2018 at 2 per annum, compounded monthly. The note payable and accrued interest of 3,775 are deemed paid in full as of December 31, 2019. In October 2019, the Company entered into an employment agreement with the Company s CEO. The terms of the agreement include an annual base salary of 240,000 and a signing bonus of 500,000, as well as discretionary annual bonuses and participation in long-term incentive plans. The signing bonus may be paid in shares of the Company s common stock. The agreement remains in effect until the earlier of the discharge or resignation of the CEO. In conjunction with the agreement, the 500,000 signing bonus has been accrued and included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2019. On November 1, 2019, the Company s board of directors and the majority of shareholders awarded CEO, Matthew Wolfson, 500,000 shares of Series A Preferred stock, which was valued at 355,000 or .71 per share. The shares were issued as partial payment for the 500,000 signing bonus, for which 145,000 remained payable at December 31, 2019. During the year ended December 31,2020, the Company paid the Company s CEO 124,022 and towards the balance of the 2019 signing bonus. Total amount outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 is 0 and 20,978, respectively. The Company paid Matthew Wolfson a bonus of 105,042 during the year ended December 31, 2021. In February 2021, the Company issued 1,100,000 shares of common stock as registered on Form S-8 to Matthew Wolfson as compensation at 0.5499 per share. In October 2021, the Company issued Matthew Wolfson 5,000,000 cashless warrants at 0.025 per share. In June 2022, the Company entered into a one-year independent director agreement in conjunction with the appointment of a new member to its Board of Directors. The agreement requires the Company to issue the director 5,000 worth of registered shares for each month of service as compensation. Compensation expense totaling 31.935 has been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. On November 2, 2022, the Company issued 1,658,999 shares as payment for 25,000 in director compensation with the remaining 6,935 accrued to be settled upon issuance of shares Company of common stock. The agreement was mutually terminated in December 2022, upon the director s resignation. The Company previously entered into a consulting agreement with this director for 60,000. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled the 60,000 liability by issuing 6,000,000 shares of its common stock. In addition, the Company issued the director 800,000 shares as payment for certain marketing funds advanced totaling 8,000. In September 2022, the Company issued 500,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to Matthew Wolfson as compensation at 0.02 per share or 10,000. In January 2023, the Company amended the CEO s employment agreement to include the following: Increased annual salary to 365,000 An annual bonus of 25 million shares of common stock for an increase in gross revenue of 10 or more over the previous years Instituted a bonus plan that provides for monthly and quarterly cash bonuses based on certain growth requirements A bonus of 10 million shares of common stock upon up listing to a senior stock exchange or successful reverse stock split 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Issuance of the authorized Series B Preferred stock. 
 In the event of a change of control of the Company, a cash payment of at least 1.5 million, subject to increase or change by the disinterested board will be paid to the CEO. In February 2023, the Company entered into a one-year consulting agreement under the Company s Employee and Consultant Stock Ownership Plan, with an advisor and director in exchange for compensation of 35 million shares of common stock. The agreement includes a registration requirement. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us for the fiscal yearsended December 31, : 

Year Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 74,388 46,750 Audit-related fees (2) Tax fees (3) All other fees (4) 4,368 

 (1) Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, the review of the interim financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by dbb mckennon in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, consultations in connection with acquisitions and issuances of auditor consents and comfort letters in connection with SEC registration statements and related SEC and non-SEC securities offerings. 
 As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company did not have a standing audit committee serving, and as a result our board of directors performs the duties of an audit committee. Our board of directors will evaluate and approve in advance, the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders audit and non-audit services. We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit fees by dbb mckennon . (3) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning (domestic and international). These services include assistance regarding federal, state and international tax compliance, acquisitions and international tax planning. (4) All other fees consist of fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) Financial Statements The following consolidated financial statements of Electromedical Technologies, Inc. are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 17 Balance Sheets 18 Statements of Operations 19 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 20 Statements of Cash Flows 21 Notes to Statements 22 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules None. In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the information in these exhibits is furnished and deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit Location 3(i) Certificate of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1/A-4 filed on July 20, 2020. 3(i) Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 23, 2017, converting from a limited liability company to a C corporation. Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1/A-4 filed on July 20, 2020. 3(i) Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 1, 2019, designating Series A Preferred Shares. Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1/A-4 filed on July 20, 2020. 3(i) Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on July 9, 2020, increasing authorized common stock to 50 million shares. Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1/A-4 filed on July 20, 2020. 3(i) Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 3, 2020, increasing authorized common stock to 125 million shares. Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed December 3, 2020. 3(i) Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on October 14, 2021, increasing authorized common shares to 251 million shares. Incorporated by reference from the Company s 8-K filed October 14, 2021. 3(i) Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 21, 2022, increasing authorized common shares to 1 billion and one shares. Incorporated by reference from the Company s 8-K filed September 19, 2022. 3(i) Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on January 31, 2023, increasing authorized common shares to 2 billion and one shares. Incorporated by reference from the Company s 8-K filed January 26, 2023 . 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 3(ii) Corporate Bylaws. Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1/A-4 filed on July 20, 2020. 4(vi) Description of Securities Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8a-12g filed August 5, 2020. 10.1 October 14, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement, Convertible Promissory Note, Common Stock Purchase Warrant, Mast Hill Fund, LP. Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed October 21, 2021. 10.2 November 10, 2021, Common Stock Purchase Agreement, White Lion Capital, LLC Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 10-Q filed November 15, 2021. 10.3 November 10, 2021 Registration Rights Agreement, White Lion Capital, LLC Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 10-Q filed November 15, 2021. 10.4 February 11, 2022, Promissory Note, Mast Hill Fund, LP. Filed herewith 10.5 February 11, 2022, Warrant Agreement, Mast Hill Fund, LP Filed herewith 10.6 February 11, 2022, Securities Purchase Agreement, Mast Hill Fund, LP Filed herewith. 10.7 February 11, 2022, Second Warrant, Mast Hill Fund, LP Filed herewith 10.8 February 11, 2022, Third Warrant, Mast Hill Fund, LP Filed herewith. 10.9 March 3, 2022, Stock Purchase Agreement, Blue Lake Partners, LLP Filed herewith 10.10 March 3, 2022, Promissory Note, Blue Lake Partners, LLP Filed herewith 10.11 March 3, 2022, Warrant Agreement, Blue Lake Partners, LLP Filed herewith 10.12 March 3, 2022, Second Warrant, Blue Lake Partners, LLP Filed herewith 10.13 June 21, 2022 Settlement Agreement, JR-HD Enterprises III, LLC Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). Filed herewith. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). Filed herewith. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 101.1NS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL as contained in Exhibit 101) 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/Matthew Wolfson Matthew Wolfson Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Matthew Wolfson, with full power of substitution and re-substitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file, any and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /S/ Matthew Wolfson Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Matthew Wolfson 
 52 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 elcq-20221231xex10d4.htm
 EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. Principal Amount: 307,500.00 Issue Date: February 8, 2022 Actual Amount of Purchase Price: 276,750.00 
 PROMISSORY NOTE FOR VALUE RECEIVED , ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading Symbol: EMED), hereby promises to pay to the order of Mast Hill Fund, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, or registered assigns (the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 307,500.00, which amount is the 276,750.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration hereof plus an original issue discount in the amount of 30,750.00 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay interest on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of twelve percent (12 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise, as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ), and is the date upon which the Principal Sum, the OID, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. This Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent (16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ). Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. In connection with the issuance of this Note, the Borrower issued the Second Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) to Holder as a commitment fee, provided, however, that the Second Warrant must be cancelled 
 1 

 and extinguished in its entirety if the Note is fully extinguished and satisfied on or prior to the Maturity Date. The following terms shall also apply to this Note: ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 1.1 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 1.2 Conversion Price. (a) Calculation of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock 
 2 

 hereunder (the Conversion Price shall equal 0.025. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. The Conversion Price is subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. 1.3 Authorized and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 24,600,000 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation (taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) two (2) (the Reserved Amount ). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default (as defined in this Note) under this Note. 1.4 Method of Conversion. (a) Mechanics of Conversion . This Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time). Any Notice of Conversion submitted after 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, shall be deemed to have been delivered and received on the next Trading Day.
 (b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. (c) Payment of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the person or persons 
 3 

 (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder s account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. (d) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within one (1) Trading Day after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit the Holder s balance account with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s request and in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the Buy-In Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares) or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. (e) Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of 
 4 

 Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date. (f) Delivery of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 1.5 Concerning the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a) such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the 
 5 

 conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 1.6 Effect of Certain Events. (a) Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (defined in Section 3.19) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. (b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not effectuate any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. (c) Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. (d) Purchase Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. (e) Dilutive Issuance . If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or has issued, sold or granted as of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common 
 6 

 Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion at the Base Conversion Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 1.6(e) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to utilize the Base Conversion Price with respect to a Dilutive Issuance, even if the Dilutive Issuance occurs prior to the date that the Holder is entitled to convert this Note. An Exempt Issuance shall mean the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or other securities to officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option or similar equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Company s Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose in a manner which is consistent with the Company s prior business practices; (b) securities issued pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; (c) securities issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company; or (d) securities issued with respect to which the Holder waives its rights in writing under this Section 1.6(e). (f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each respective adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) calendar day after each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note. 1.7 [Intentionally Omitted] . 
 7 

 1.8 Status as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 1.9 Prepayment. At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note (the Prepayment Period ), the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). The Holder shall have the right, at all times prior to the actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment Date, to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9, provided, however, that the Conversion Date is on or following the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder for administrative fees. If the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section 1.9. 1.10 Repayment from Proceeds . If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company receives cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including but not limited to, from payments from customers, the issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower, the issuance of securities pursuant to an equity line of credit of the Borrower or the sale of assets, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day of Borrower s receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 20 of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due under this Note (provided, however, that the aforementioned reference to 20 shall be reduced to 12.5 with respect to the initial 500,000 of gross proceeds received by the Company solely pursuant to an equity line of credit). Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute an Event of Default. ARTICLE II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 2.1 Ranking and Security . This Note shall have priority over all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower. 2.2 Other Indebtedness . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder. 2.3 Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this 
 8 

 Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower s disinterested directors. 2.4 Restriction on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower. 2.5 Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 2.6 Advances and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any transaction with any person, firm, joint venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 2.7 Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction ). In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000, will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the balance of this Note (under Holder s and Borrower s expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). 2.8 Preservation of Business and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any merchant cash advance transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 2.9 Noncircumvention . The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. 2.10 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note. 
 9 

 ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT It shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 3.1 Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note. 3.2 Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, (iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent (including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be added to the principal balance of the Note. 3.3 Breach of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrant ), or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith. 3.4 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 3.5 Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 3.6 Judgments. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 3.7 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 3.8 Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 
 10 

 3.9 Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 3.10 Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 3.11 Maintenance of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 3.12 Financial Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding. 3.13 Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 3.14 Cross-Default . The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements or other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in the Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 3.15 Variable Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 3.16 Inside Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 3.17 Unavailability of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i) obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder s brokerage firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit such shares into the Holder s brokerage account. 3.18 Delisting, Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common Stock (i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a Principal Market. 3.19 Rights and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment multiplied by 125 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder may, in its sole discretion, determine to accept payment part in Common Stock and part in cash. For purposes of payments in Common Stock, the conversion formula set forth in Section 1.2 shall apply as well as all other provisions of this Note. The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 
 11 

 4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 4.2 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: If to the Borrower, to: ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 16561 N. 92nd Street, Suite 101 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Attention: Matthew Wolfson e-mail: ir@electromedtech.com If to the Holder: Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 48 Parker Road Wellesley, MA 02482 e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com 4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 4.4 Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates , as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 4.5 Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees. 4.6 Governing Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located in the 
 12 

 Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. 4.7 Certain Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 4.8 Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered into in connection herewith and therewith. 4.9 Notice of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9. 4.10 Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 4.11 Construction; Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for 
 13 

 convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note. 4.12 Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 4.13 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 4.14 Terms of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries of any security, or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, with any term that the Holder reasonably believes is more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Holder reasonably believes was not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note, then (i) the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at Holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder (regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provision of this Section 4.14). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and original issue discounts. 4.15 Dispute Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within one (1) Trading Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within one (1) Trading Day, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower and the Holder of the results no later than one (1) Trading Day from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. 4.16 Right of First Refusal . If at any time while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower has a bona fide offer of capital or financing from any 3rd party, that the Borrower intends to act upon, then the Borrower must first offer such opportunity to the Holder to provide such capital or financing to the Borrower on the same terms as each respective 3rd party s terms. Should the Holder be unwilling or unable to provide such capital or financing to 
 14 

 the Borrower within five (5) Trading Days from Holder s receipt of written notice of the offer (the Offer Notice from the Borrower, then the Borrower may obtain such capital or financing from that respective 3rd party upon the exact same terms and conditions offered by the Borrower to the Holder, which transaction must be completed within 30 days after the date of the Offer Notice. If the Borrower does not receive the capital or financing from the respective 3rd party within 30 days after the date of the respective Offer Notice, then the Borrower must again offer the capital or financing opportunity to the Holder as described above, and the process detailed above shall be repeated. The Offer Notice must be sent via electronic mail to admin@masthillfund.com. [signature page follows] 
 15 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on February 8, 2022. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: Name: Matthew Wolfson Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 16 

 EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of February 8, 2022 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. Box Checked as to applicable instructions: The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). Name of DTC Prime Broker: Account Number: The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date of Conversion: Applicable Conversion Price: Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: Name: Title: Date: 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 elcq-20221231xex10d5.htm
 EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Warrant Shares: 3,000,000 Date of Issuance: February 8, 2022 Issuance Date This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of 307,500.00 to the Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated February 8, 2022, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). Capitalized terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.025, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the five-year anniversary thereof. 1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . (a) Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, 
 1 

the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. If the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then, unless there is an effective non-stale registration statement of the Company which contains a prospectus that complies with Section 5(b) and Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933 at the time of exercise and covers the Holder s immediate resale of the Warrant Shares at prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) without any limitation, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: X = Y (A-B) A Where X = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. Y = the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). A = the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). (b) No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. (c) Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
 2 

the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. (d) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, 
 3 

without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 2. ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: (a) Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: (i) any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and (ii) the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). (b) Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock 
 4 

Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice. (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 3. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 
 5 

4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, two (2) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 6. REISSUANCE . (a) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. (b) Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date. 7. TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 8. NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 9. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 
 6 

10. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY . The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 12. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) [Intentionally Omitted]. (b) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. (c) Common Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.00001, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. (d) Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, 
 7 

options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. (e) [Intentionally Omitted]. (f) Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. (g) Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. (h) Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. (i) Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Name: Matthew Wolfson Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT A EXERCISE NOTICE (To be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) THE UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Date: (Print Name of Registered Holder) By: Name: Title: 

EXHIBIT B ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT (To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase shares of common stock of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. Dated: (Signature) (Name) (Address) (Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 
 The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 4
 elcq-20221231xex10d6.htm
 EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of February 8, 2022, by and between ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation, with headquarters located at 16561 N. 92nd Street, Suite 101, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 (the Company ), and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 48 Parker Road, Wellesley, MA 02482 (the Buyer ). WHEREAS : A. The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; B. Buyer desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 307,500.00 (as the principal amount thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ), convertible into shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; C. The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; D. The Company wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the First Warrant and a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 12,500,000 shares of Common Stock (the Second Warrant (the First Warrant and Second Warrant shall collectively be referred to herein as the Warrants to the Buyer as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 1. Purchase and Sale of Note. a. Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. b. Form of Payment. On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 276,750.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note and Warrants on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing, the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of 7,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. c. Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. d. Closing . The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange 
 1 

of electronic signatures). 1A. Warrants. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrants to the Buyer pursuant to the terms of contained therein, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date. 2. Buyer s Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: a. Investment Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrants (the Note, Warrants, shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants (the Exercise Shares shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. b. Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited Investor ). c. Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. d. Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. e. Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. f. Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation S ), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in 
 2 

form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. g. Legends. The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrants, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust Company DTC ), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. h. Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid 
 3 

and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: a. Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. b. Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrants, the Note, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, Warrants, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. c. Capitalization; Governing Documents. As of February 8, 2022, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 250,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, of which 90,721,838 shares were issued and outstanding, and 1,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock (consisting of 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock), of which 500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company, the Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws ), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. 
 4 

d. Issuance of Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. e. Issuance of Warrants. The issuance of the Warrants are duly authorized and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. f. Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company. g. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. h. SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, 
 5 

forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to September 30, 2021, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). i. Absence of Certain Changes . Since September 30, 2021, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. j. Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. k. Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 
 6 

The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. l. No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. m. Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority. n. Transactions with Affiliates. Except for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. o. Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). p. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. q. No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the 
 7 

Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. r. No Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to Donald Capital LLC, a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. s. Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since September 30, 2021, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. t. Environmental Matters. (i) There are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder. (ii) Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its Subsidiaries business. (iii) There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not in compliance with applicable law. u. Title to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto, or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by 
 8 

them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. v. Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage. w. Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. x. Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. y. Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company s financial statements for its most recent fiscal year end and interim financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. z. No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. aa. No Off Balance Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. bb. No Disqualification Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for 
 9 

a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. cc. Manipulation of Price . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company. dd. Bank Holding Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. ee. Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. ff. Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . a. Best Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. b. Form D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. c. Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for business development, and not for (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iv) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation. d. Right of Participation and First Refusal . (i) Other than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent 
 10 

securities, including without limitation any debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have first complied with this Section 4(d). (ii) The Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent Placement (in each case, an Offer ). (iii) To accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice (the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ). The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions (including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. e. Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Buyer s election. f. Restriction on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business. g. Listing. The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic quotation system) and will comply 
 11 

in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems. h. Corporate Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE MKT. i. No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities. j. Breach of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.3 of the Note. k. Compliance with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrants, Conversion Shares, or any Exercise Shares, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information Failure then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each of the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(k) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. l. Acknowledgement Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock. m. Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information . By 9:00 a.m., New York time, following the date this Agreement has been fully executed, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K (if required) describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the form required by the 1934 Act and attaching this Agreement, the form of Note (the 8-K Filing ). From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing with the SEC, the Buyer shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information received from the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents that is not disclosed in the 8-K Filing. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and the Buyer or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate. 
 12 

n. Legal Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption are satisfied). In addition, the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. o. Piggyback Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit B hereto. p. Most Favored Nation . While the Note or any principal amount, interest or fees or expenses due thereunder remain outstanding and unpaid, the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect to such Other Investor than the rights and benefits established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement or the Note unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to a definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. q. Subsequent Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. r. [Intentionally Omitted] . s. Non-Public Information . The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyer s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 
 13 

t. D O Insurance . Within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company s (including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18 months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 5. Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by the Note, Warrants, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 6. Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material 
 14 

respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. d. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 7. Conditions to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. b. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrants. d. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. e. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. f. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. g. No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. h. Trading in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. i. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction, as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated hereby. 8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous. a. Governing Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or in the federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO 
 15 

REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. b. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. c. Construction; Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. d. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. e. Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. f. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: If to the Company, to: ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 16561 N. 92nd Street, Suite 101 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 
 16 

Attention: Matthew Wolfson e-mail: ir@electromedtech.com If to the Buyer: Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 48 Parker Road Wellesley, MA 02482 e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com g. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. h. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. i. Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. j. Publicity. The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however , that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). k. Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. l. No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. m. Indemnification . In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated 
 17 

hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. n. Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. o. Payment Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action). p. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. [Signature Page Follows] 
 18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: Name: MATTHEW WOLFSON Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Mast Hill Fund, L.P. By: Name: PATRICK HASSANI Title: CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: Principal Amount of Note: 307,500.00 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 276,750.00 
 
 19 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF NOTE [attached hereto] 
 20 

EXHIBIT B REGISTRATION RIGHTS All of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 1. Piggy-Back Registration . 1.1 Piggy-Back Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained here, the Buyer s registration rights under this Exhibit B shall not apply to a Registration Statement filed by the Company solely for the registration of an investor s or underwriter s resale of Common Stock pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as defined herein) transaction. For purposes of this Exhibit B, Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its securities to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula. 1.2 Withdrawal . Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 1.3 The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 
 21 

1.4 The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish the Company with such information. 1.5 All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 1.6 The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 1.7 If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, 
 22 

knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. [End of Exhibit B] 
 23 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 5
 elcq-20221231xex10d7.htm
 EX-10.7

Exhibit 10.7 NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Warrant Shares: 12,500,000 Date of Issuance: February 8, 2022 Issuance Date This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of 307,500.00 to the Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), 12,500,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated February 8, 2022, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). For the avoidance of doubt, this Warrant is referred to in the Purchase Agreement as the Second Warrant . This Warrant is subject to cancellation pursuant to the terms of the Note. Capitalized terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.025, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Trigger Date (as defined in this Warrant) and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the date that is five (5) years after the Trigger Date. 1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . (a) Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company 
 1 

of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. If the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: X = Y (A-B) A Where X = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. Y = the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). A = the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). (b) No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. (c) Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any 
 2 

portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. (d) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure 
 3 

to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 2. ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: (a) Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: (i) any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and (ii) the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). (b) Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) 
 4 

actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice. (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 3. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of 
 5 

its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, two (2) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 6. REISSUANCE . (a) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. (b) Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date. 7. TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 8. NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 9. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 
 6 

10. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY . The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 12. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) [Intentionally Omitted]. (b) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. (c) Common Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.00001, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. (d) Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 
 7 

(e) [Intentionally Omitted]. (f) Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. (g) Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. (h) Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. (i) Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. (j) Trigger Date means February 9, 2023. 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Name: Matthew Wolfson Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT A EXERCISE NOTICE (To be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) THE UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Date: (Print Name of Registered Holder) By: Name: Title: 

EXHIBIT B ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT (To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase shares of common stock of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: (Signature) (Name) (Address) (Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 
 The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 6
 elcq-20221231xex10d8.htm
 EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Warrant Shares: 100,000,000 Date of Issuance: September 15, 2022 Issuance Date This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of 896,000.00 to the Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated September 15, 2022, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). For the avoidance of doubt, this Warrant is referred to in the Purchase Agreement as the Third Warrant . This Warrant is subject to cancellation pursuant to the terms of the Note. Capitalized terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.015, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Trigger Date (as defined in this Warrant) and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the date that is three (3) years after the Trigger Date. 1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . (a) Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available 
 1 

 hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. If the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: X = Y (A-B) A Where X = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. Y = the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). A = the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). (b) No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise 
 2 

 of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. (c) Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. (d) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the 
 3 

 Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 2. ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: (a) Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: (i) any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and (ii) the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). (b) Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or 
 4 

 other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice. (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 3. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any 
 5 

 subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, two (2) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 6. REISSUANCE . (a) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. (b) Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date. 7. TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or 
 6 

 otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 8. NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 9. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 10. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Warrant or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or, to the extent that neither of the foregoing courts has jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State of Delaware. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY . The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 7 

 12. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) [Intentionally Omitted]. (b) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. (c) Common Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.00001, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. (d) Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. (e) [Intentionally Omitted]. (f) Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. (g) Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. (h) Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. (i) Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. (j) Trigger Date means September 16, 2023. 
 8 

9 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Name: Matthew Wolfson Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT A EXERCISE NOTICE (To be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) THE UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Date: (Print Name of Registered Holder) By: Name: Title: 
 EXHIBIT B ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT (To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase shares of common stock of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. Dated: (Signature) (Name) (Address) (Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 
 The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 7
 elcq-20221231xex10d9.htm
 EX-10.9

Exhibit 10.9 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of March 3, 2022, by and between ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation, with headquarters located at 16561 N. 92nd Street, Suite 101, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 (the Company ), and Blue Lake Partners, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, with its address at 3411 Silverside Road, Tatnal Building #104, Wilmington, DE 19810 (the Buyer ). WHEREAS : A. The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; B. Buyer desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 307,500.00 (as the principal amount thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ), convertible into shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; C. The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; D. The Company wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the First Warrant and a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 12,500,000 shares of Common Stock (the Second Warrant (the First Warrant and Second Warrant shall collectively be referred to herein as the Warrants to the Buyer as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 1. Purchase and Sale of Note. a. Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. b. Form of Payment. On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 276,750.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note and Warrants on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing, the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of 7,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. c. Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. d. Closing . The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the 
 1 

Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 1A. Warrants. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrants to the Buyer pursuant to the terms of contained therein, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date. 2. Buyer s Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: a. Investment Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrants (the Note, Warrants, shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants (the Exercise Shares shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. b. Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited Investor ). c. Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. d. Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. e. Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. f. Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation S ), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in 
 2 

form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. g. Legends. The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrants, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust Company DTC ), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. h. Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid 
 3 

and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: a. Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. b. Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrants, the Note, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, Warrants, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. c. Capitalization; Governing Documents. As of March 3, 2022, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 250,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, of which 90,721,838 shares were issued and outstanding, and 1,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock (consisting of 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock), of which 500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company, the Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws ), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. 
 4 

d. Issuance of Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. e. Issuance of Warrants. The issuance of the Warrants are duly authorized and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. f. Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company. g. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. h. SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, 
 5 

forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to September 30, 2021, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i). i. Absence of Certain Changes . Since September 30, 2021, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. j. Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. k. Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 
 6 

The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. l. No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. m. Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority. n. Transactions with Affiliates. Except for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. o. Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). p. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. q. No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the 
 7 

Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. r. No Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to Donald Capital LLC, a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. s. Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since September 30, 2021, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. t. Environmental Matters. (i) There are, to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder. (ii) Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its Subsidiaries business. (iii) There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not in compliance with applicable law. u. Title to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto, or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by 
 8 

them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. v. Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage. w. Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. x. Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. y. Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company s financial statements for its most recent fiscal year end and interim financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. z. No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. aa. No Off Balance Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. bb. No Disqualification Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for 
 9 

a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. cc. Manipulation of Price . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company. dd. Bank Holding Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. ee. Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. ff. Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . a. Best Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. b. Form D; Blue Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. c. Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for business development, and not for (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iv) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation. d. Right of Participation and First Refusal . (i) Other than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent 
 10 

securities, including without limitation any debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have first complied with this Section 4(d). (ii) The Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent Placement (in each case, an Offer ). (iii) To accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice (the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ). The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions (including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. e. Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Buyer s election. f. Restriction on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business. g. Listing. The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic quotation system) and will comply 
 11 

in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems. h. Corporate Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE MKT. i. No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities. j. Breach of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.3 of the Note. k. Compliance with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrants, Conversion Shares, or any Exercise Shares, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information Failure then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to three percent (3 of the Purchase Price on each of the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(k) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. l. Acknowledgement Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock. m. Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information . By 9:00 a.m., New York time, following the date this Agreement has been fully executed, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K (if required) describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the form required by the 1934 Act and attaching this Agreement, the form of Note (the 8-K Filing ). From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing with the SEC, the Buyer shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information received from the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents that is not disclosed in the 8-K Filing. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and the Buyer or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate. 
 12 

n. Legal Counsel Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly supplying to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption are satisfied). In addition, the Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. o. Piggyback Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit B hereto. p. Most Favored Nation . While the Note or any principal amount, interest or fees or expenses due thereunder remain outstanding and unpaid, the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect to such Other Investor than the rights and benefits established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement or the Note unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to a definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. q. Subsequent Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. r. [Intentionally Omitted] . s. Non-Public Information . The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyer s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 
 13 

t. [Intentionally Omitted]. 5. Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by the Note, Warrants, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 6. Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 
 14 

d. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 7. Conditions to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. b. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with Section 1(b) above. c. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrants. d. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. e. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. f. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. g. No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. h. Trading in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. i. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction, as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated hereby. 8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous. a. Governing Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State of Delaware or in the federal courts located in the State of Delaware. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or 
 15 

proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. b. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. c. Construction; Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. d. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. e. Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. f. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: If to the Company, to: ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 16561 N. 92nd Street, Suite 101 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Attention: Matthew Wolfson e-mail: ir@electromedtech.com If to the Buyer: Blue Lake Partners, LLC 3411 Silverside Road, Tatnal Building #104 Wilmington, DE 19810 
 16 

e-mail: craig@bluelakepartnersllc.com g. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. h. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. i. Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. j. Publicity. The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however , that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). k. Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. l. No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. m. Indemnification . In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities 
 17 

that is permissible under applicable law. n. Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. o. Payment Set Aside . To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action). p. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. [Signature Page Follows] 
 18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: Name: MATTHEW WOLFSON Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Blue Lake Partners, LLC By: Name: CRAIG KESSELMAN Title: MEMBER 
 SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: Principal Amount of Note: 307,500.00 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 276,750.00 
 
 19 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF NOTE [attached hereto] 
 20 

EXHIBIT B REGISTRATION RIGHTS All of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached. 1. Piggy-Back Registration . 1.1 Piggy-Back Rights . If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained here, the Buyer s registration rights under this Exhibit B shall not apply to a Registration Statement filed by the Company solely for the registration of an investor s or underwriter s resale of Common Stock pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as defined herein) transaction. For purposes of this Exhibit B, Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its securities to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula. 1.2 Withdrawal . Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 1.3 The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 
 21 

1.4 The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish the Company with such information. 1.5 All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 1.6 The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 1.7 If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, 
 22 

knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. [End of Exhibit B] 
 23 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 8
 elcq-20221231xex10d10.htm
 EX-10.10

Exhibit 10.10 NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal Amount: 307,500.00 Issue Date: March 3, 2022 Actual Amount of Purchase Price: 276,750.00 
 PROMISSORY NOTE FOR VALUE RECEIVED , ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading Symbol: EMED), hereby promises to pay to the order of Blue Lake Partners, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 307,500.00, which amount is the 276,750.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration hereof plus an original issue discount in the amount of 30,750.00 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay interest on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of twelve percent (12 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise, as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ), and is the date upon which the Principal Sum, the OID, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. This Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent (16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ). Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. In connection with the issuance of this Note, the Borrower issued the Second Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) to Holder as a commitment fee, provided, however, that the Second Warrant must be cancelled 
 1 

and extinguished in its entirety if the Note is fully extinguished and satisfied on or prior to the Maturity Date. The following terms shall also apply to this Note: ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 1.1 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 1.2 Conversion Price. (a) Calculation of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock 
 2 

hereunder (the Conversion Price shall equal 0.025. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. The Conversion Price is subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. 1.3 Authorized and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 24,600,000 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation (taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) two (2) (the Reserved Amount ). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default (as defined in this Note) under this Note. 1.4 Method of Conversion. (a) Mechanics of Conversion . This Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time). Any Notice of Conversion submitted after 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, shall be deemed to have been delivered and received on the next Trading Day. (b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. (c) Payment of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the person or persons 
 3 

(other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder s account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. (d) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within one (1) Trading Day after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit the Holder s balance account with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s request and in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the Buy-In Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares) or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. (e) Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of 
 4 

Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date. (f) Delivery of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 1.5 Concerning the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a) such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the 
 5 

conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 1.6 Effect of Certain Events. (a) Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (defined in Section 3.19) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. (b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not effectuate any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. (c) Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. (d) Purchase Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. (e) Dilutive Issuance . If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or has issued, sold or granted as of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common 
 6 

Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion at the Base Conversion Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 1.6(e) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to utilize the Base Conversion Price with respect to a Dilutive Issuance, even if the Dilutive Issuance occurs prior to the date that the Holder is entitled to convert this Note. An Exempt Issuance shall mean the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or other securities to officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option or similar equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Company s Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose in a manner which is consistent with the Company s prior business practices; (b) securities issued pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; (c) securities issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company; or (d) securities issued with respect to which the Holder waives its rights in writing under this Section 1.6(e). (f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each respective adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) calendar day after each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note. 1.7 [Intentionally Omitted] . 
 7 

1.8 Status as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 1.9 Prepayment. At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note (the Prepayment Period ), the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). The Holder shall have the right, at all times prior to the actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment Date, to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9, provided, however, that the Conversion Date is on or following the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder for administrative fees. If the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section 1.9. 1.10 Repayment from Proceeds . If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company receives cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including but not limited to, from payments from customers, the issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower, the issuance of securities pursuant to an equity line of credit of the Borrower or the sale of assets, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day of Borrower s receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 20 of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due under this Note (provided, however, that the aforementioned reference to 20 shall be reduced to 12.5 with respect to the initial 500,000 of gross proceeds received by the Company solely pursuant to an equity line of credit). Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute an Event of Default. ARTICLE II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 2.1 Ranking and Security . This Note shall have priority over all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower. 2.2 Other Indebtedness . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder. 2.3 Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this 
 8 

Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower s disinterested directors. 2.4 Restriction on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower. 2.5 Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 2.6 Advances and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any transaction with any person, firm, joint venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 2.7 Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction ). In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000, will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the balance of this Note (under Holder s and Borrower s expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). 2.8 Preservation of Business and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any merchant cash advance transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 2.9 Noncircumvention . The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. 2.10 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note. 
 9 

ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT It shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 3.1 Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note. 3.2 Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, (iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent (including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be added to the principal balance of the Note. 3.3 Breach of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrant ), or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith. 3.4 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrant, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 3.5 Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 3.6 Judgments. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 3.7 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 3.8 Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 
 10 

3.9 Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 3.10 Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 3.11 Maintenance of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 3.12 Financial Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding. 3.13 Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 3.14 Cross-Default . The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements or other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in the Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 3.15 Variable Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 3.16 Inside Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 3.17 Unavailability of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i) obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder s brokerage firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit such shares into the Holder s brokerage account. 3.18 Delisting, Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common Stock (i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a Principal Market. 3.19 Rights and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment multiplied by 125 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder may, in its sole discretion, determine to accept payment part in Common Stock and part in cash. For purposes of payments in Common Stock, the conversion formula set forth in Section 1.2 shall apply as well as all other provisions of this Note. The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 
 11 

4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 4.2 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: If to the Borrower, to: ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 16561 N. 92nd Street, Suite 101 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Attention: Matthew Wolfson e-mail: ir@electromedtech.com If to the Holder: Blue Lake Partners, LLC 3411 Silverside Road, Tatnal Building #104 Wilmington, DE 19810 e-mail: craig@bluelakepartnersllc.com 4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 4.4 Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates , as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 4.5 Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees. 4.6 Governing Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State 
 12 

of Delaware or federal courts located in the State of Delaware. The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. 4.7 Certain Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 4.8 Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered into in connection herewith and therewith. 4.9 Notice of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9. 4.10 Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 4.11 Construction; Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note. 
 13 

4.12 Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 4.13 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 4.14 Terms of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries of any security, or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, with any term that the Holder reasonably believes is more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Holder reasonably believes was not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note, then (i) the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at Holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder (regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provision of this Section 4.14). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and original issue discounts. 4.15 Dispute Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within one (1) Trading Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within one (1) Trading Day, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower and the Holder of the results no later than one (1) Trading Day from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. 4.16 Right of First Refusal . If at any time while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower has a bona fide offer of capital or financing from any 3rd party, that the Borrower intends to act upon, then the Borrower must first offer such opportunity to the Holder to provide such capital or financing to the Borrower on the same terms as each respective 3rd party s terms. Should the Holder be unwilling or unable to provide such capital or financing to the Borrower within five (5) Trading Days from Holder s receipt of written notice of the offer (the Offer Notice 
 14 

from the Borrower, then the Borrower may obtain such capital or financing from that respective 3rd party upon the exact same terms and conditions offered by the Borrower to the Holder, which transaction must be completed within 30 days after the date of the Offer Notice. If the Borrower does not receive the capital or financing from the respective 3rd party within 30 days after the date of the respective Offer Notice, then the Borrower must again offer the capital or financing opportunity to the Holder as described above, and the process detailed above shall be repeated. The Offer Notice must be sent via electronic mail to craig@bluelakepartnersllc.com. [signature page follows] 
 15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on March 3, 2022. 

ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: Name: Matthew Wolfson Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 16 

EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of March 3, 2022 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. Box Checked as to applicable instructions: The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). Name of DTC Prime Broker: Account Number: The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date of Conversion: Applicable Conversion Price: Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: Name: Title: Date: 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 9
 elcq-20221231xex10d11.htm
 EX-10.11

Exhibit 10.11 NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Warrant Shares: 3,000,000 Date of Issuance: March 3, 2022 Issuance Date This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of 307,500.00 to the Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), BLUE LAKE PARTNERS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated March 3, 2022, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). Capitalized terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.025, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the five-year anniversary thereof. 1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . (a) Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, 
 1 

the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. If the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then, unless there is an effective non-stale registration statement of the Company which contains a prospectus that complies with Section 5(b) and Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933 at the time of exercise and covers the Holder s immediate resale of the Warrant Shares at prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) without any limitation, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: X = Y (A-B) A Where X = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. Y = the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). A = the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). (b) No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. (c) Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
 2 

the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. (d) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, 
 3 

without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 2. ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: (a) Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: (i) any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and (ii) the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). (b) Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock 
 4 

Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice. (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 3. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 
 5 

4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, two (2) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 6. REISSUANCE . (a) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. (b) Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date. 7. TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 8. NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 9. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 
 6 

10. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State of Delaware or federal courts located in the State of Delaware. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY . The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 12. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) [Intentionally Omitted]. (b) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. (c) Common Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.00001, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. (d) Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, 
 7 

options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. (e) [Intentionally Omitted]. (f) Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. (g) Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. (h) Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. (i) Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Name: Matthew Wolfson Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT A EXERCISE NOTICE (To be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) THE UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Date: (Print Name of Registered Holder) By: Name: Title: 

EXHIBIT B ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT (To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase shares of common stock of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: (Signature) (Name) (Address) (Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 
 The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 10
 elcq-20221231xex10d12.htm
 EX-10.12

Exhibit 10.12 NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Warrant Shares: 12,500,000 Date of Issuance: March 3, 2022 Issuance Date This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of 307,500.00 to the Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note ), BLUE LAKE PARTNERS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), 12,500,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated March 3, 2022, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). For the avoidance of doubt, this Warrant is referred to in the Purchase Agreement as the Second Warrant . This Warrant is subject to cancellation pursuant to the terms of the Note. Capitalized terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.025, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Trigger Date (as defined in this Warrant) and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the date that is five (5) years after the Trigger Date. 1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . (a) Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company 

1 

of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an event of default under the Note, a material breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement. If the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: X = Y (A-B) A Where X = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. Y = the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). A = the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). (b) No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. (c) Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any 
 2 

portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. (d) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure 
 3 

to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 2. ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows:
 (a) Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case:
 
 (i) any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and
 (ii) the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii).
 
 (b) Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder) to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) 

4 

actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice. (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur.
 
 3. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ), (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration.
 4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of 

5 

its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, two (2) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.
 6. REISSUANCE . 
 (a) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. (b) Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date. 7. TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto.
 8. NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.
 9. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

6 

10. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State of Delaware or federal courts located in the State of Delaware. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY . The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction document entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
 11. ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.
 12. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
 
 (a) [Intentionally Omitted].
 (b) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.
 (c) Common Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.00001, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.
 (d) Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

7 

(e) [Intentionally Omitted].
 (f) Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof.
 (g) Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets.
 (h) Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior to the date of the respective Exercise Notice.
 (i) Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day.
 (j) Trigger Date means February 12, 2023.

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Name: Matthew Wolfson Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT A EXERCISE NOTICE (To be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) THE UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 1. Form of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 
 a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 2. Payment of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 3. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 
 Date: (Print Name of Registered Holder) By: Name: Title: 

EXHIBIT B ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT (To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase shares of common stock of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. Dated: (Signature) (Name) (Address) (Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 
 The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 11
 elcq-20221231xex10d13.htm
 EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13 SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE This Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release (this Agreement is entered into as of April 26, 2022, by and between JR-HD Enterprises III, LLC JR-HD ), its assigns or designees designees and Electromedical Technologies, Inc. EMED ). Collectively, JR-HD, its designees and EMED shall be referred to as the Parties . BACKGROUND WHEREAS, EMED issued promissory notes (the Notes (Exhibit A) to JR-HD as follows: 1. July 21, 2020 in the principal amount of 107,500, 8 interest; 2. August 4, 2020 in the principal amount of 215,000, 10 interest; 3. September 3, 2020 in the principal amount of 107,500, 8 interest; 4. November 3, 2020 in the principal amount of 244,852.94, 8 interest; and, 5. December 3, 2020 in the principal amount of 110,000, 8 interest. 
 WHEREAS, These notes were the subject of two Forbearance Agreements (Exhibit B). WHEREAS, there is currently outstanding six hundred and seventeen thousand dollars 617,000) and interest of eighty-four thousand dollars 84,000). WHEREAS, the Parties, having met and conferred, hereby agree to avoid the costs associated with litigation and to resolve all outstanding principal and interest due under the Notes and the Forbearance Agreements, and to settle and mutually release each other from any and all claims that have arisen or may arise under the Notes and the Forbearance Agreements on the terms and conditions in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, JR-HD and EMED hereby agree as follows: AGREED TERMS 1. Payment by EMED . EMED will issue JR-HD and its designees twenty-eight million, forty thousand (28,040,000) shares of restricted EMED common stock (the Settlement Payment as provided herein, representing the total outstanding principal and interest of 701,000 divided by a price per share of 0.025. The Settlement Payment shall be issued not later than 5 business days after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and JR-HD providing EMED with the names, addresses, social security numbers or employer identification numbers for its designees eligible to receive the Settlement Payment. It is understood that the certificates evidencing the shares of EMED Restricted Common Stock will bear a legend substantially in the form set forth below.
 
 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. PURCHASERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 

REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. (a) JR-HD Representations Concerning the Settlement Payment. 
 (i) JR-HD has all complete power and requisite corporate authority, on behalf of itself and for its designees, to execute, deliver, and perform their obligations under the Agreement, and the execution, delivery, and performance by JR-HD and its designees of their obligations under the Agreement has been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of JR-HD and its designees and the Agreement, and when executed and delivered by JR-HD, shall constitute the valid and binding obligation of JR-HD and its designees, enforceable against them in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).
 
 (ii) With respect to the shares of EMED Restricted Common Stock acquired by JR-HD and its designees, JR-HD and its designees acknowledges that the EMED Restricted Common Stock has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, and accordingly are Restricted Securities within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Act, as that term is defined in Title 17 Part 230.144 of the Federal Code of Regulations. As such, the Restricted Securities may not be resold in the public markets or transferred unless EMED registers them under Section 5 of the Act or has received an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to EMED that such resale or transfer is exempt from the registration requirements of that Act. JR-HD and its designees acknowledges that a limited public market exists for the EMED Common Stock acquired in this Agreement. JR-HD and its designees understands that no assurance can be given that such a trading market will further develop at any time, or, if so developed, that it will continue. (iii) JR-HD and its designees further acknowledges and agrees that its purchase of the restricted securities involves risks. JR-HD and its designees (i) either alone or together with their representatives, has such knowledge and experience in nancial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment, and make an informed decision to so invest, and has so evaluated the risks and merits of such investment; (ii) has the ability to bear the economic risks of this investment and can afford a complete loss of such investment; (iii) understands the terms of, and the risks associated with the acquisition of the restricted shares, including, without limitation, a lack of liquidity, price transparency or pricing availability and risks associated with the industry in which EMED operates; and, (iv) has had the opportunity to review such disclosures regarding its business, nancial condition and its prospects as JR-HD and its designees has determined to be necessary in connection with the acquisition of the restricted shares. JR-HD and its designees are accredited investors as that term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Securities and Exchange Act. (iv) JR-HD and its designees has received or has had full access to all the information JR-HD and its designees considers necessary or appropriate to make an 
 P age 2 of 9 

informed investment decision with respect to the EMED Restricted Common Stock to be acquired by JR-HD and its designees as a result of this Agreement. JR-HD and its designees further has had an opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from the management of EMED regarding the Restricted Common Stock, and to obtain additional information necessary to verify any information furnished to JR-HD and its designees or to which JR-HD and its designees had access. Further, JR-HD and its designees has undertaken their own review of the business of EMED and the wisdom of an investment in the EMED Restricted Common Stock. JR-HD and its designees has had the opportunity to review all of the books, records, and all Commission filings of EMED, including all of EMED s audited financial statements, financial disclosures, and risk factors that EMED has published concerning its operations as a Reporting SEC company. (v) JR-HD and its designees are acquiring the EMED Restricted Common Stock for their own accounts, and not with a view towards a public distribution of those shares as an underwriter for EMED, or the Seller as an Affiliate of EMED. JR-HD and its designees acknowledges that they is not acquiring the EMED Restricted Common Stock as the result of any advertisement or solicitation, including any publicly issued or circulated newspaper, mail, radio, television or other form of general advertising or solicitation in connection with the offer, sale, and purchase regarding their investment in the EMED Restricted Common Stock acquired by virtue of this Agreement. (vi) JR-HD and its designees represents that each is familiar with the requirements of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby. JR-HD and its designees understands that EMED is under no obligation to register any of the shares of EMED Restricted Common Stock acquired hereunder. (vii) JR-HD and its designees agree to certain other restrictions on resale of the Restricted Common Stock as set forth in the Lock Up Leak Out Agreement (Exhibit C). (viii) Adjustment of Settlement Payment; If, for a period of one year from the effective date hereof, EMED issues, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sells or otherwise disposes of, or sells or issues any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share less than 0.025 (such lower price a Dilutive Issuance ), then the price per share used to calculate the Settlement Payment shall be reduced to the lower price, and the number of shares issuable shall be increased and EMED shall issue the additional shares to JR-HD or its designees. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued, except with regards to an Exempt Issuance by EMED. (A) An Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or other securities to officers or directors of EMED pursuant to any stock or option or similar equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, in a manner which is consistent with the EMED s prior business practices; (b) securities issued pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination approved by a majority of EMED s directors, provided that any such issuance shall 
 P age 3 of 9 

only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of EMED and shall provide to EMED additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, (c) securities issued in a registered equity line of credit; (d) securities issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company; or (e) securities issued with respect to which JR-HD waives its rights in writing 2. Representations of EMED. (a) EMED has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and, when executed and delivered by EMED, shall constitute the valid and binding obligation of EMED, enforceable against EMED in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). EMED has taken all necessary corporate action to enter into this Agreement. (b) The shares of EMED Restricted Common Stock have been duly authorized and, when conveyed by EMED to JR-HD and its designees at the Closing, all in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free, and clear of all liens. (c) Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement, nor any other documents required to be executed and delivered by EMED hereunder, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) conflicts with or constitutes any violation or breach, or gives any other person any rights (including, but not limited to, any legal rights to acceleration, termination, cancellation, or recession) under any document or agreement EMED is a party to. Neither EMED s entry into this Agreement, nor EMED s representations made in this Agreement, constitute a violation of any order or applicable law that EMED or EMED s assets are bound by or subject to. 3. Attorney Fees. The Parties acknowledge and agree that they are solely responsible for paying any attorneys fees and costs they incurred and that neither Party nor the Party s attorney(s) will seek any award of attorneys fees or costs from the other Party, except as provided herein. 4. Taxes . JR-HD and its designees shall be solely responsible for and are legally bound to make payment of any taxes determined to be due and owing (including penalties and interest related thereto) by it to any federal, state, local, or regional taxing authority as a result of the Settlement Payment. JR-HD understands that EMED has not made, and does not rely upon, any representations regarding the tax treatment of the sums paid pursuant to this Agreement. Moreover, JR-HD agrees to indemnify and hold EMED harmless in the event that any governmental taxing authority asserts against EMED any claim for unpaid taxes, failure to withhold taxes, penalties, or interest based upon the payment of the Settlement Payment. 
 P age 4 of 9 

5. Mutual Release . The Parties, on behalf of themselves, their predecessors, successors, direct and indirect parent companies, direct and indirect subsidiary companies, companies under common control with any of the foregoing, affiliates, and assigns, and its and their past, present, and future officers, directors, shareholders, interest holders, members, partners, attorneys, agents, employees, managers, representatives, assigns, and successors in interest, and all persons acting by, through, under, or in concert with them, and each of them, hereby release and discharge the other Party, together with their predecessors, successors, direct and indirect parent companies, direct and indirect subsidiary companies, companies under common control with any of the foregoing, affiliates and assigns and its and their past, present, and future officers, directors, shareholders, interest holders, members, partners, attorneys, agents, employees, managers, representatives, assigns, and successors in interest, and all persons acting by, through, under, or in concert with them, and each of them, from all known and unknown charges, complaints, claims, grievances, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies, damages, actions, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts, penalties, fees, wages, medical costs, pain and suffering, mental anguish, emotional distress, expenses (including attorneys fees and costs actually incurred), and punitive damages, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, which either Party has, or may have had, against the other Party, whether or not apparent or yet to be discovered, or which may hereafter develop, for any acts or omissions related to or arising from the payment of interest and principal due under the Notes. This Agreement resolves any claim for relief that is, or could have been alleged, no matter how characterized, including, without limitation, compensatory damages, damages for breach of contract, bad faith damages, reliance damages, default penalties, default interest, liquidated damages, damages for humiliation and embarrassment, punitive damages, costs, and attorneys fees related to or arising from the Notes. 6. No Outstanding or Known Future Claims/Causes of Action . Each Party affirms that it has not filed with any governmental agency or court any type of action or report against the other Party, and currently knows of no existing act or omission by the other Party that may constitute a claim or liability excluded from the release in paragraph 4 above. 7. Acknowledgment of Settlement . The Parties, as broadly described in paragraph 4 above acknowledge that (a) the consideration set forth in this Agreement, which includes, but is not limited to, the Settlement Payment, is in full settlement of all claims or losses of whatsoever kind or character that they have, or may ever have had, against the other Party, as broadly described in paragraph 4 above, including by reason of the Notes and (b) by signing this Agreement, and accepting the consideration provided herein and the benefits of it, they are giving up forever any right to seek further monetary or other relief from the other Party, as broadly described in paragraph 4 above, for any acts or omissions up to and including the Effective Date, as set forth in paragraph 20, including, without limitation, all action under the Notes. JR-HD agrees to indemnify and hold EMED and its officers, directors, shareholders, attorneys and affiliates harmless from any legal claims for damages of any sort arising from JR-HD s execution of this Agreement on behalf of its designees, including all attorney fees. 8. No Admission of Liability . The Parties acknowledge that the Settlement Payment was agreed upon as a compromise and final settlement of claims over the Notes and that payment of the Settlement Payment is not, and may not be construed as, an admission of liability by EMED and is not to be construed as an admission that EMED engaged in any wrongful, tortious, or unlawful activity. This Agreement is entered into to avoid the necessity of litigation. 
 P age 5 of 9 

9. Confidentiality of Agreement . Subject to the permissible disclosures set forth in paragraph 10 of this Agreement, the Parties expressly understand and agree that this Agreement and its contents (including, but not limited to, the fact of payment and the amounts to be paid hereunder) shall remain CONFIDENTIAL and shall not be disclosed to any third party whatsoever, except the Parties counsel, accountants, financial advisors, tax professionals retained by them, any federal, state, or local governmental taxing or regulatory authority, and the Parties management, officers, and Board of Directors and except as required by law or order of court. Any person identified in the preceding sentence to whom information concerning this Agreement is disclosed is bound by this confidentiality provision and the disclosing party shall be liable for any breaches of confidentiality by persons to whom he/she/it has disclosed information about this Agreement in accordance with this paragraph. Nothing contained in this paragraph shall prevent any Party from stating that the Parties have amicably resolved all differences, provided, however, that in so doing, the Parties shall not disclose the fact or amount of any payments made or to be made hereunder and shall not disclose any other terms of this Agreement or the settlement described herein. If any subpoena, order, or discovery request (the Document Request is received by any of the Parties hereto calling for the production of the Agreement, such Party shall promptly notify the other Party hereto prior to any disclosure of same. In such case, the subpoenaed Party shall: (a) make available as soon as practicable (and in any event prior to disclosure), for inspection and copying, a copy of the Agreement it intends to produce pursuant to the Document Request unless such disclosure is otherwise prohibited by law; and (b) to the extent possible, not produce anything in response to the Document Request for at least ten (10) business days following such notice. If necessary, the subpoenaed Party shall take appropriate actions to resist production, as permitted by law, so as to allow the Parties to try to reach agreement on what shall be produced. This paragraph is a material part of this Agreement. 10. Permissible Disclosures . As may be required to the Parties attorneys, accountants, affiliates or to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 11. Non-Disparagement . The Parties agree that, unless required to do so by legal process, both Parties, including all officers and directors, and managers, will not make any disparaging statements or representations, either directly or indirectly, whether orally or in writing, by word or gesture, to any person whatsoever, about the other Party or the other Party s affiliates, or any of the other Party s directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, or representatives. For purposes of this paragraph, a disparaging statement or representation is any communication which, if publicized to another, would cause or tend to cause the recipient of the communication to question the business condition, integrity, competence, good character, or product quality of the person or entity to whom the communication relates. 12. Agreement is Legally Binding . The Parties intend this Agreement to be legally binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of them and their respective successors, assigns, executors, administrators, heirs, and estates. Moreover, the persons and entities referred to as designees above, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement. 13. Entire Agreement . The recitals set forth at the beginning of this Agreement are incorporated by reference and made a part of this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties and supersedes all prior negotiations and/or agreements, proposed or otherwise, written or oral, concerning the subject matter hereof. Furthermore, no modification of this Agreement shall be binding unless in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto. 
 P age 6 of 9 

14. New or Different Facts: No Effect . Except as provided herein, this Agreement shall be, and remain, in effect despite any alleged breach of this Agreement or the discovery or existence of any new or additional fact, or any fact different from that which either Party now knows or believes to be true. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as, or constitute, a release of any Party s rights to enforce the terms of this Agreement. 15. Survival of Warranties. The representations, warranties and covenants of Parties contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and Closing. 16. Interpretation . Should any provision of this Agreement be declared or be determined by any court to be illegal or invalid, the validity of the remaining parts, terms, or provisions shall not be affected thereby and said illegal or invalid part, term, or provision shall be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement. The headings within this Agreement are purely for convenience and are not to be used as an aid in interpretation. Moreover, this Agreement shall not be construed against either Party as the author or drafter of the Agreement. 17. Choice of Law : This Agreement and all related documents including all exhibits attached hereto, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort, or statute are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of New York. In the event of any litigation, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs of collection. 18. Choice of Forum. The state or federal courts of New York located in Borough of Manhattan shall be the exclusive forums for litigation concerning this Agreement. All parties to this Agreement consent to personal jurisdiction in such courts as well as service of process by notice sent by regular mail to JRD-HD at 150 East 58th Street, 20th Floor , New York, New York 10155, and EMED at 16561 N. 92nd Street, Suite 101, Scottsdale, Arizona 85260, or by any means authorized by New York law. 19. Reliance on Own Counsel . In entering into this Agreement, the Parties acknowledge that they have relied upon the legal advice of their respective attorneys, who are the attorneys of their own choosing, that such terms are fully understood and voluntarily accepted by them, and that, other than the consideration set forth herein, no promises or representations of any kind have been made to them by the other Party. The Parties represent and acknowledge that in executing this Agreement they did not rely, and have not relied, upon any representation or statement, whether oral or written, made by the other Party or by that other Party s agents, representatives, or attorneys with regard to the subject matter, basis, or effect of this Agreement or otherwise. 20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 21. Authority to Execute Agreement . By signing below, each Party warrants and represents that the person signing this Agreement on its behalf has authority to bind that Party and that the Party s 
 P age 7 of 9 

execution of this Agreement is not in violation of any by-law, covenants, and/or other restrictions placed upon them by their respective entities. 22. Preparation of Agreement. EMED prepared this Agreement and the Agreements solely on its behalf. Each Party to this Agreement acknowledges that: (i) the Party had the advice of, or sufficient opportunity to obtain the advice of, legal counsel separate and independent of legal counsel for any other Party hereto; (ii) the terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair and reasonable to such Party; and (iii) such Party has voluntarily entered into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement without duress or coercion. Each Party further acknowledges that such Party was not represented by the legal counsel of any other Party hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, nor was he under any belief or understanding that such legal counsel was representing his or its interests. Each Party agrees that no conflict, omission, or ambiguity in this Agreement, or the interpretation thereof, shall be presumed, implied, or otherwise construed against any other Party to this Agreement on the basis that such Party was responsible for drafting this Agreement. 23. Effective Date . The terms of the Agreement will be effective when an executed copy of this Agreement is delivered to said counsel for EMED and JR-HD as described in paragraph 1 above (the Effective Date ). READ THE FOREGOING DOCUMENT CAREFULLY. IT INCLUDES A RELEASE OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS. 
 P age 8 of 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, each of the Parties hereto has caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date(s) set forth below. ELECTROMEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: Matthew Wolfson Its: Chief Executive Officer JR-HD ENTERPRISES III, LLC By: Jeff Ramson Its: Manager 
 
 P age 9 of 9 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 elcq-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 I, Matthew Wolfson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Electromedical Technologies, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As Principal Financial Officer and Principal Executive Officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As Principal Financial Officer and Principal Executive Officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. By: /s/ Matthew Wolfson Matthew Wolfson Principal Financial Officer 
 Date: March 31, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 elcq-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 I, Matthew Wolfson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. of Electromedical Technologies, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. By: /s/ Matthew Wolfson Matthew Wolfson Principal Financial Officer 
 Date: March 31, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 elcq-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES- OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Electromedical Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Matthew Wolfson Matthew Wolfson Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Matthew Wolfson Matthew Wolfson Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 elcq-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 elcq-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 elcq-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 elcq-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 elcq-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

