<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1787518_0001213900-23-019202.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3634983</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>167127</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>776980</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>673376</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>991959</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>955982</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-019202.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310161557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-019202
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Brilliant Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001787518
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39341
		FILM NUMBER:		23723817

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 DAN BA ROAD C-9
		STREET 2:		PUTUO DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			200062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		086-021-80125497

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 DAN BA ROAD C-9
		STREET 2:		PUTUO DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			200062

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-019202.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_brilliantacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission File No. 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, one Right and one Redeemable Warrant BRLIU The Nasdaq Capital Market The Capital Market Rights, each right entitling the holder to 1/10 of one Ordinary Share BRLIR The Nasdaq Capital Market Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share BRLIW The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares
outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales
price for the ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market, was approximately . 

As of March 10, 2023, there were ordinary
shares, no par value, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 for the annual stockholder meeting held in 2023 are incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as noted herein. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 21 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 21 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Control and Procedures 
 21 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 22 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 22 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 23 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 23 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 23 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 23 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 24 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 24 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Signature 
 27 

i 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, references to: 

references to we, us or our company refer to Brilliant Acquisition Corporation, a BVI business company with limited liability; 

references to the BVI refer to the British Virgin Islands; 

references to the Companies Act and the Insolvency Act refer to the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 and the Insolvency Act, 2003 of the British Virgin Islands, respectively and in each case as amended; 

references to founder shares refer to the 1,150,000 ordinary shares currently held by the initial shareholders (as defined below); 

references to our initial shareholders refer to our sponsor and any of our officers or directors that hold founder shares, and our advisor New Lighthouse Investment Limited; 

references to our representative shares refer to the 100,000 shares we issued to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBirdCapital and its designees prior to our initial public offering, which shares have been cancelled in connection with the termination of the Investment Management and Trust Agreement with EarlyBirdCapital; 

references to our insider units refer to the 261,000 units we sold privately to our sponsor upon consummation of our initial public offering including the overallotment option which as exercised in full as part of that offering; 

references to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors; 

references to private units refer to the insider units and the representative shares; 

references to ordinary shares refer to the ordinary shares of no par value in the company; 

references to private shares, private rights and private warrants refer to the ordinary shares, rights and warrants, respectively, included within the private units; 

references to our public shares refer to ordinary shares which were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in such offering or thereafter in the open market) and references to public shareholders refer to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders to the extent our initial shareholders purchase public shares, provided that their status as public shareholders shall exist only with respect to such public shares; 

references to our sponsor refer to Nisun Investment Holding Limited, a BVI company with limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Ningsheng Supply Chain Group Co., Ltd. (f/k/a Shanghai Ningsheng Enterprise Management Group Co., Ltd.) Ning Sheng Group Co. ), a company incorporated in the People s Republic of China PRC 

references to our rights or public rights refer to the rights which were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering; 

references to our public warrants refer to the redeemable warrants which were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering as well as the private warrants and warrants underlying units issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or members of our management team (or permitted transferees), in each case after our initial business combination; and 

references to our warrants refer to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private warrants and warrants underlying units issued upon conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private warrants or members of our management team (or their permitted transferees), in each case after our initial business combination. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report, including, without limitation, statements
under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, 
 estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, 
 will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, 
or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not
materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate
any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements
are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but
not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

failure to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, NASDAQ or an inability to have our securities listed on NASDAQ or another national securities exchange following our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments
affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some
of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors
described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors 
may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution
you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements contained in this report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments
in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this report, those results or developments
may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands as a business company with limited liability (meaning that our shareholders have no liability, as members of our
company, for the liabilities of our company over and above the amount already paid for their shares) and formed for the purpose of acquiring,
engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering
into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which
we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. 

Business Strategy 

Our efforts in identifying prospective target
businesses are not be limited to a particular industry or country, including but not limited to businesses that have their primary operations
located in the Asia-pacific region Asia-pacific or Asia ). We believe that we will add value to these businesses
primarily by providing them with access to the U.S. capital markets. 

We seek to capitalize on the strength of our management
team. Our team consists of experienced financial services and accounting professionals, senior operating executives, and managers of Asian
and U.S. companies. Our independent directors have collective experience in entrepreneurship, asset management/advisory services, and
accounting tax practices in mainland China, Hong Kong and the U.S, as well as knowledge of sectors and industries arising in connection
with provision of those services and entrepreneurial experiences. We believe we benefit from their accomplishments, and specifically their
current activities in the Asian market, in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. However, the past performance of our management
team, advisors and their affiliates is not a guarantee either of (i) success of any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that
we will complete a business combination. 

Our officers and directors, or our management
team, has a broad range of collective operational experience across a variety of economic sectors, including corporate financing,
debt financing, internet, real estate, biopharmaceuticals, consumer and retail, manufacturing, capital markets and information technology.
Our acquisition strategy leverages our team s relationships as well as relationships with management teams of public and private
companies, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants, which we should provide us with a number of potential target businesses with
which we may consummate an initial business combination. 

We deploy a pro-active, thematic sourcing strategy
and focus on companies for which we believe the combination of our relationships, capital and capital markets expertise and operating
experience of executives at Shanghai Ning Sheng Supply Chain Group Co. Ltd., or Ning Sheng Group Co. , our sponsor s
100 parent company, can help accelerate the target business growth and performance. 

Investment Criteria 

Our management team focus on creating shareholder
value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation and financing of businesses to improve the efficiency of operations while
implementing strategies to scale revenue organically and/or through acquisitions. In addition to the factors listed above, we have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we use
these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we see justification
to do so. 

Middle-Market Growth Business. We primarily seek to acquire one or more growth businesses with a total enterprise value of between 200 million and 300 million. We believe that there are a substantial number of potential target businesses within this valuation range that can benefit from new capital for scalable operations to yield significant revenue and earnings growth. We currently do not intend to acquire either a start-up company (a company that has not yet established commercial operations) or a company with negative cash flow. 

Companies with Opportunity to Strengthen Management and Add Value. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that provide a platform for the existing management team to leverage the experience of our management team. We believe that the operating expertise of our management team is well suited to complement and, if beneficial, replace the target s management team. 

1 

Companies in Business Segments that are Strategically Significant to the regional areas, including but not limited to the Asia-pacific region. We seek to acquire those businesses with strong technological know-how, distribution networks and/or business practices in economic sectors that are currently experiencing significant outbound investing in the Asia-pacific region. Such sectors include, but are not limited to, software, and hardware technology, clean energy, health care, consumer and retail, energy and resources, food processing, and education. 

Business with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Niche Leader and Specialized Business with Earning Growth Potential. We seek to acquire target companies that have significant underexploited expansion opportunities in a niche sector. One of the key elements of our sponsor s typical value creation approach is to acquire target companies to accelerate their growth. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of brand and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. This can be accomplished through a combination of accelerating organic growth and finding attractive add-on acquisition targets. Our management team has significant experience in identifying such targets and helping target management assess the strategic and financial fit. Similarly, our management has the expertise to assess the likely synergies and a process to help a target integrate acquisitions. 

Long-term Revenue Visibility with a Defensible Market Position. We seek to acquire target companies that are at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate by developing new products or services, or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance and where an acquisition may help facilitate growth. 

Companies with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance shareholder value. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company. We seek to acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and which can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our sponsor and management team may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business
combination, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would file with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may
encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent ownership, management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers
and suppliers, inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

Significant Activities Since Inception 

On June 26, 2020, we consummated our initial public
offering of 4,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one ordinary share, no par value, one warrant to purchase one ordinary share and one
right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business combination, pursuant to a registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237153). Each whole warrant is exercisable for one ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per
share. The units were sold in our initial public offering at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 40,000,000
(before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). 

2 

Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial
public offering, we completed a private placement of 240,000 units at a price of 10.00 per private unit issued to our sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of 2,400,000. 

40,000,000 of the net proceeds from our initial
public offering and the private placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

Our units began trading on June 24, 2020 on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BRLIU. On June 29, 2020, EarlyBirdCapital notified us of their intention to exercise
their over-allotment option in full. As such, on June 30, 2020, we consummated the sale of an additional 600,000 units, at 10.00 per
unit, and the sale of an additional 21,000 private units, at 10.00 per private unit to our sponsor, generating total gross proceeds of
 6,210,000. A total of 6,000,000 of the net proceeds was deposited into the trust account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the
trust account to 46,000,000. 

Commencing on July 22, 2020, the units, and their
underlying ordinary shares, rights, and warrants began separate trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols BRLIU, 
 BRLI, BRLIR, and BRLIW respectively. 

Pursuant to our second amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, we had 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months upon extension of the
period of time to consummate a business combination) to consummate our initial business combination. On June 22, 2021, our sponsor timely
deposited 460,000 in our trust account, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and
the trust agreement we entered into with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, for us to extend our period of time to consummate
our initial business combination by 3 months from June 23, 2021 until September 23, 2021. 

On September 20, 2021, our sponsor timely deposited
 460,000 in our trust account for us to extend our period of time to consummate our initial business combination by 3 months from September
23, 2021 until December 23, 2021. On December 20, 2021, our sponsor timely deposited 460,000 in our trust account for us to extend our
period of time to consummate our initial business combination by 3 months from December 23, 2021 until March 23, 2022. 

On February 22, 2022, we entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement ), with
Nukkleus Inc., a Delaware corporation Nukkleus ). Upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement,
Nukkleus would become our Nasdaq-listed parent company. The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, are hereinafter referred
to as the Business Combination. 

The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly following
the signing of the Merger Agreement, Nukkleus shall form a British Virgin Islands company and wholly owned subsidiary of Nukkleus Merger
Sub ), and cause Merger Sub to join the Merger Agreement by executing a joinder to the Merger Agreement and to assume all of the
rights and obligations of Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement further provides that, subject to satisfaction of
certain conditions, Merger Sub will merge with and into us, and each ordinary share of Merger Sub will be converted into one share of
the surviving corporation, and our issued and outstanding shares immediately prior to the effective time of the Business Combination will
be converted into the right to receive the Applicable Per Share Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 

On March 18, 2022, our shareholders approved an
extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by a further four months, or until July 23, 2022. In
connection with the extension, the Sponsor, deposited 634,594 into our trust account, representing 0.16 per public ordinary share that
was not redeemed in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the extension. In connection with a special meeting to approve
the extension of the business combination period, our shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 1,025,281 shares. 

On July 13, 2022, our shareholders approved an
extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by a further three months, or until October 23, 2022.
In connection with the extension the Sponsor deposited 353,000 into the Trust Account, representing 0.12 per public ordinary share that
was not redeemed in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the extension. In connection with a special meeting to approve the
extension of the business combination period, our shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 1,025,281 shares. 

3 

On October 19, 2022, our shareholders approved
an extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by up to a further three months, or until not later
than January 23, 2023. In connection with the three monthly extensions Nukkleus deposited 67,800 into the Trust Account 22,600 per
each monthly extension), representing 0.12 per public ordinary share that was not redeemed in connection with the shareholder vote to
approve the extension. In connection with a special meeting to approve the extension of the business combination period, our shareholders
elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 2,375,991 shares. 

On January 19, 2023, our shareholders approved
an extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by up to a further three months, or until not later
than April 23, 2023. In connection with the monthly extension to February 23, 2023, Nukkleus deposited 21,350 into the Trust Account,
representing 0.0525 per public ordinary share that was not redeemed in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the extension,
and on February 23, 2023, deposited 32,500.00 into the Trust Account, representing 0.08 per public ordinary share that was not redeemed
in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the extension, to extend to March 23, 2023. In connection with a special meeting to
approve the extension of the business combination period, our shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 159,203 shares. 

Effecting our initial business combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations until the consummation of our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business
combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private units, our shares, new
debt, or a combination of these, as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to consummate our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate
our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using shares or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the purchase price in
connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our ordinary shares, we may apply the cash released to
us from the trust account that is not applied to the purchase price for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of acquired businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in consummating our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

Subject to the requirement that, so long as our
securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest
earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial
business combination, we have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses.
Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may
ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management assesses these risks inherent in a particular target business
with which we may combine, this assessment may not result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore,
some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through
a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate
our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would consummate such financing only simultaneously with the consummation of our business
combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents
or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or the rules
of Nasdaq, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or
through loans in connection with our initial business combination. 

4 

Sources of target businesses 

Target business candidates are brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout
funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such
unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses
they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our public filings and know what
types of businesses we are targeting. 

We may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee,
or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction to firms or other individuals
that specialize in business acquisitions, and are engaged by us to refer such target companies to us. In no event, however, will any of
our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other
compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction). 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions,
that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such
business combination opportunity to us. None of our officers and directors currently has any relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations that would conflict with our company s objectives. 

Our officers have agreed not to become involved
with another publicly listed blank check company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
prior to us announcing an agreement to acquire our initial business combination, or the expiration of the period for us to announce and/or
complete our initial business combination. 

Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial
business combination 

Subject to our management s pre-existing fiduciary
obligations and the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one
or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less taxes
payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, our management will have virtually unrestricted
flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our
initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only
consummate an initial business combination in which we become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual
arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes as discussed below) or are otherwise not required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of
any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business
combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
conduct an extensive due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of
facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review is conducted
either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage. 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty.
Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination
is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. 

5 

Fair market value of target business or businesses 

So long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq,
the target business or businesses or assets with which we effect our initial business combination must have a collective fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business
combination. However, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 
fair market value test. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination to acquire 100 of the equity interest or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination to acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business, but we will only consummate such business
combination if we will become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target through contractual arrangements in limited
circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even though we will own a majority interest in the target,
our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we
would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our
shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If we acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what
will be valued for purposes of the 80 test. 

The fair market value of a target business or
businesses or assets will be determined by our board of directors based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community,
such as actual and potential gross margins, the values of comparable businesses, earnings and cash flow, book value and, where appropriate,
upon the advice of appraisers or other professional consultants. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine that
the target business or assets has a sufficient fair market value to meet the threshold criterion, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated,
independent investment banking firm or an independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of
such criterion. We are not be required to obtain such an opinion if our board of directors independently determines that the target business
complies with the 80 threshold. 

Lack of business diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after consummation
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and; 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. The future role of members of our management team, if
any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. Consequently, members of our management team may not become
a part of the target s management team, and the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities
to manage a public company. Further, it is also not certain whether one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity
with us following our initial business combination. Moreover, members of our management team may not have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. Our key personnel may not remain in senior management or advisory positions
with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will be contracted to remain with the combined company
will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

6 

Following our initial business combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have the ability to
recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance
the incumbent management. 

Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business
combination 

Although we may seek shareholder approval before
we effect our initial business combination, we may not do so for business or legal reasons (so long as such transaction does not require
shareholder approval under the Companies Act or the rules of Nasdaq). Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types
of initial business combinations we may consider and whether we expect shareholder approval would be required under the Companies Act
for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Shareholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target with a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 
 
 Entering into contractual agreements with a target to obtain control 
 No 

Additionally, under NASDAQ s listing rules,
shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

We also may be required to obtain shareholder
approval if we wish to take certain actions in connection with our initial business combination such as adopting an incentive stock plan
or amending our charter. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing of our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such
rules. 

Redemption rights for public shareholders upon consummation of our
initial business combination 

We had until June 23, 2021 to consummate our initial
business combination. However, because we anticipated that we would not be able to consummate our initial business combination by June
23, 2021, we, by resolution of our board as requested by our sponsor, extended the period of time to consummate a business combination
three times, each by an additional three months until March 23, 2022. Additionally, on March 18, 2022, our shareholders approved an extension
of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by a further four months, or until July 23, 2022. On July 13,
2022, our shareholders approved an extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by a further three
months, or until October 23, 2022. On October 19, 2022, our shareholders approved an extension of the period of time we can consummate
our initial business combination by up to a further three months, or until not later than January 23, 2023. On January 19, 2023, our shareholders
approved an extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by up to a further three months, or until
not later than April 23, 2023. Our sponsor has timely deposited a total of 2,489,244 into our trust account to extend the deadline for
us to consummate our initial business combination from to March 23, 2023. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of December
31, 2022 was 10.77 per public share. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private units and any public shares, as applicable, they
may hold in connection with the completion of our business combination. 

7 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares in connection with our initial business combination either (i) in connection
with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. 

We intend to hold a shareholder vote in connection
with our business combination. In such case, we will: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and; 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

We will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon consummation of the initial business combination. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem shall remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act. 

In connection with the successful consummation
of our business combination, we may redeem pursuant to a tender offer up to that number of ordinary shares that would permit us to maintain
net tangible assets of 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination. However, the redemption
threshold may be further limited by the terms and conditions of our proposed initial business combination. For example, the proposed business
combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or members of its management team, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the allocation of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance
with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all
shares that are validly tendered plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not consummate the business combination, we will not purchase any shares
pursuant to the tender offer and all shares will be returned to the holders thereof following the expiration of the tender offer. Additionally,
since we are required to maintain net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon the consummation of our initial
business combination (which may be substantially higher depending on the terms of our potential business combination), the chance that
the holders of our ordinary shares electing to redeem in connection with a redemption conducted pursuant to the proxy rules will cause
us to fall below such minimum requirement is increased. 

When we conduct a tender offer to redeem our public
shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in order to comply with the tender offer rules, the offer will be made to
all of our shareholders, not just our public shareholders. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares, private shares and public shares in connection with any such tender offer. 

We will consummate our initial business combination
only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our initial
shareholders as well as the representative shares have agreed to vote their founder shares, private shares, and representative shares,
as well as any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and
directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

In no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination.
Furthermore, the redemption threshold may be further limited by the terms and conditions of our initial business combination. If too many
public shareholders exercise their redemption rights so that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any net worth or
cash requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares and the related business combination, and instead may
search for an alternate business combination. 

8 

Permitted purchases of our securities by our affiliates 

In the event we seek shareholder approval of our
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open
market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans
or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds
in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the
Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our
shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We cannot currently determine
whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including
but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases
pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares.
We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the
Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers
determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases would be to (i)
vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business
combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may
result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which
may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue
privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by
shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business
combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such
purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2)
and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order
for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases
of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

9 

Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or
redemption rights 

We will require our public shareholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the expiration date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders,
or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, at the holder s option. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer
materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute
proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short
exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker 45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee
would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need
to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on our initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his redemption
rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him to deliver his certificate
to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the consummation of the business combination
during which he could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he
could sell his shares in the open market before actually delivering his shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption
rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become option rights
surviving past the consummation of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for
physical or electronic delivery at or prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once
the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in any tender offer materials or the date of the shareholder meeting set forth in
our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election
of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply
request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed
to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

If the initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

Timeline to Complete Business Combination 

We initially had until June 23, 2021 to consummate
our initial business combination. However, we have extended the period of time to consummate a business combination four times, until
July 23, 2022, after the sponsor deposited additional funds totaling 2,014,594 into the trust account. Initially, pursuant to the terms
of our memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, in order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates
or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, deposited into the trust account 460,000 0.10 per unit
in either case) for each three month extension, and an aggregate of 1,380,000, or 0.30 per share, for the extension to March 23, 2022. 

10 

On March 18, 2022, our shareholders approved an
amendment and restatement of our articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination from
March 23, 2022 to July 23, 2022. In connection with the vote to amend and restate our articles of association, our shareholders elected
to redeem an aggregate of 633,792 ordinary shares. Following such redemptions and the deposit of 634,594 as a contribution from our Sponsor,
the amount of funds remaining in the trust account was approximately 41.5 million. Accordingly, following such redemptions and the deposit
of the contribution, we have 5,477,208 ordinary shares issued and outstanding (1,511,000 of which are shares held by our initial shareholders
and are not subject to redemption) and the pro rata portion of the funds available in the trust account was approximately 10.46 per public
share. 

On July 13, 2022, our shareholders approved an
extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by a further three months, or until October 23, 2022.
In connection with the extension the Sponsor deposited 353,000 into the Trust Account, representing 0.12 per public ordinary share that
was not redeemed in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the extension. In connection with a special meeting to approve the
extension of the business combination period, our shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 1,025,281 shares. Following such
redemptions and the deposit of the contribution described above, the amount of funds remaining in the trust account was approximately
 31.2 million. Accordingly, following such redemptions and the deposit of the contribution, we had 4,451,927 ordinary shares issued and
outstanding (1,511,000 of which are shares held by our initial shareholders and are not subject to redemption) and the pro rata portion
of the funds available in the trust account was approximately 10.60 per public share. 

On October 19, 2022, our shareholders approved
an extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by up to a further three months, or until not later
than January 23, 2023. In connection with the three monthly extensions Nukkleus deposited 67,800 into the Trust Account 22,600 per
each monthly extension), representing 0.12 per public ordinary share that was not redeemed in connection with the shareholder vote to
approve the extension. In connection with a special meeting to approve the extension of the business combination period, our shareholders
elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 2,375,991 shares. Following such redemptions and the deposit of the contribution described above,
the amount of funds remaining in the trust account was approximately 6.1 million. Accordingly, following such redemptions and the deposit
of the contribution, the Company had 2,075,936 ordinary shares issued and outstanding (1,511,000 of which are shares held by our initial
shareholders and are not subject to redemption) and the pro rata portion of the funds available in the trust account is approximately
 10.72 per public share. 

On January 19, 2023, our shareholders approved
an extension of the period of time we can consummate our initial business combination by up to a further three months, or until not later
than April 23, 2023. In connection with the monthly extension to February 23, 2023, Nukkleus deposited 21,350 into the Trust Account,
representing 0.0525 per public ordinary share that was not redeemed in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the extension,
and deposited 32,500.00 into the Trust Account, representing 0.08 per public ordinary share that was not redeemed in connection with
the shareholder vote to approve the extension, to extend to March 23, 2023. In connection with a special meeting to approve the extension
of the business combination period, our shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 159,203 shares. Following such redemptions
and the deposit of the contribution described above, the amount of funds remaining in the trust account is approximately 4.4 million.
Accordingly, following such redemptions and the deposit of the contribution of 0.0525 per outstanding ordinary share, the Company has
1,816,733 ordinary shares issued and outstanding (1,411,000 of which are shares held by our initial shareholders and are not subject to
redemption) and the pro rata portion of the funds available in the trust account was approximately 10.77 per public share. Following
an additional contribution of 0.08 per outstanding ordinary share in connection with the extension to March 23, 2023, the Company had
funds available in the trust account equal to 4.4 million or 10.85 per public share. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we must complete our initial business combination by not later than April 23, 2023. We may not be able to consummate the planned
Business Combination with Nukkleus, or find a suitable alternative target business and consummate our initial business combination within
such time period. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by that time, and our shareholders do not approve an
amendment to our amended and restated articles of association to further extend the time period by which we may complete our initial business
combination, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), pro rata
to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption
of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our memorandum and articles of association
and prior to any voluntary winding up, although at all times subject to the Companies Act. 

11 

Following the redemption of public shares, we
intend to enter voluntary liquidation which is the statutory process for formally closing and dissolving a company under
the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Given that we intend to enter voluntary liquidation following the redemption of public shareholders
from the trust account, we do not expect that the voluntary liquidation process will cause any delay to the payment of redemption proceeds
from our trust account. In connection with such a voluntary liquidation, the liquidator would give notice to creditors inviting them to
submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement
in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands newspaper and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location
where the company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he considers appropriate to identify the company s
creditors, after which our remaining assets would be distributed. As soon as the affairs of the company are fully wound-up, the liquidator
must complete his statement of account and make a notificational filing with the Registrar. We would be dissolved once the Registrar issues
a Certificate of Dissolution. 

Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and private units (including the rights and warrants thereunder), as applicable,
if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable period from the closing of our initial public offering,
or where funds are otherwise to be redeemed from the trust account. However our initial shareholders, sponsor, directors, and advisors
shall be eligible to receive their pro rata portion of any liquidating distributions by the Company for any shares purchased in the IPO
or aftermarket. 

We may also call the warrants for a redemption
price of 0.01 per warrant at any time after the warrants become exercisable if notice of not less than 30 days is given and the last
sale price of the ordinary shares has been at least 16.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing once the
warrants become exercisable and ending the third day prior to the day on which notice is given. Furthermore, in the event of a call we
may, at our discretion force the holders of those warrants to exercise the warrants on a cashless basis, as discussed in detail in this
Report. 

The holders of our rights or warrants will not
have any redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights or warrants, which will expire worthless in the event
that we do not consummate our initial business combination by not later than April 23, 2023, or decide to call the warrants for 0.01
per warrant, or force the exercise of those warrants as discussed in detail in this Report. 

We will pay the costs of our liquidation from
our remaining assets outside of the trust account or up to 50,000 of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. However,
the liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there is uncertainty
over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the BVI court which,
if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some
or all of our remaining assets. 

Additionally, in any liquidation proceedings of
the company under British Virgin Islands law, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate and subject to the claims
of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete the trust account we may not
be able to return to our public shareholders the liquidation amounts payable to them. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our initial offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned
on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.46.
The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority
than the claims of our public shareholders. The actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than these
per share amounts. 

Although we have sought and will continue to seek
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to
waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. 

12 

In order to protect the amounts held in the trust
account, our sponsor agreed that it will be liable to us, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in
the trust account to below 10.85 per share (or up to 10.93 per share if the period by which we may consummate our initial business combination
is extended as set forth above), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to
the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

However, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations. Other than as described above, none of our other officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy his indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
We believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors
and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. We cannot however guarantee that all agreements will contain this waiver. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below 10.85 per share (or up to 10.93 per share if the period by which we may consummate our initial business combination
is extended as set forth above) and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy any applicable obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, due to claims of creditors, the actual value of the
per-share redemption price may be less than 10.85 per share (or up to 10.93 per share if the period by which we may consummate
our initial business combination is extended as set forth above). 

We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor
has to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target
businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we
had access to approximately 55,789 not placed in the trust account with which to pay any such potential claims. In the event that we
liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds
from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of
the Insolvency Act (i.e. (i) we fail to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157
of the Insolvency Act; (ii) execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands Court in favor
of a creditor of the company is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the company s liabilities exceeds
its assets, or the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due), then there are very limited circumstances where prior payments
made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a voidable transaction for the purposes of the Insolvency Act.
A voidable transaction would include, for these purposes, payments made as unfair preferences or transactions at
an undervalue . A liquidator appointed over an insolvent company who considers that a particular transaction or payment is a voidable
transaction under the Insolvency Act could apply to the British Virgin Islands Courts for an order setting aside that payment or transaction
in whole or in part. 

Additionally, if we enter insolvent liquidation
under the Insolvency Act, the funds held in our trust account will likely be included in our estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account we may not be
able to return to our public shareholders the liquidation amounts due them. 

13 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of a redemption of the public shares prior to any winding up in the event we do not
consummate our initial business combination by not later than April 23, 2023, (ii) if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial
business combination that we consummate or (iii) if they redeem their shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by not later than April 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity. In no other circumstances shall a shareholder have any
right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. A shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone
will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder
must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we have encountered, and may continue to encounter, intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, venture capital funds leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market
value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business
combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights, and our outstanding
rights and warrants and the potential future dilution they represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of
these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have one officer, Dr. Peng Jiang,
who is our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and the Chairman of the board of directors. Dr. Jiang is not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he devotes as much of their time as necessary to our affairs until
we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he devotes in any time period may vary based on whether a target
business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not
intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We registered our units, ordinary shares, rights
and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Report contains financial statements audited and reported
on by our independent registered public accountants. 

14 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements must be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to,
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or International Financial Reporting Standard as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, and the historical financial statements must be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and consummate our initial business combination by July 23, 2022. 

We are required to have our internal control procedures
evaluated for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls
of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such
acquisition. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior
three-year period. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As a smaller reporting company we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We do not own any real estate or other physical
properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our executive offices at 99 Dan Ba Road, C-9, Putuo District,
Shanghai, People s Republic of China. An affiliate of our sponsor has agreed to provide us with this office space, utilities and
secretarial and administrative services at no cost to us. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
litigation currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

15 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants
are each traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols BRLIU, BRLI, BRLIR, and BRLIW 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on June 24, 2020, and our ordinary shares, rights and warrants commenced separate public
trading on July 22, 2020. 

Holders 

On March 10, 2023, there were seven holders of
record of our ordinary shares. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any,
for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the
foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we
may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

The disclosure in Item 1 regarding redemptions
in connection with shareholder approvals to extend the time in which we may consummate our initial business combination is incorporated
by reference herein. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

16 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on May
24, 2019 in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability (meaning our shareholders have no liability, as members of the Company,
for the liabilities of the Company over and above the amount already paid for their shares) formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the Private Units that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering, our capital stock, debt
or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

The issuance of additional shares of our stock
in a business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issue; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if the rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to the preferred shares are created by amendment of our memorandum and articles of association by resolution of the board of directors and preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant indebtedness, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if any document governing such debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

17 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from May 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and the Company s search for a target business with
which to complete a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial
Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities. We are incurring expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses in connection with completing a Business Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss of 967,614, which consisted of operating costs of 1,202,399, an increase in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of
 169,836 and interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 64,949. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a
net loss of 599,127, which consisted of operating costs of 670,916, and a decrease in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of
 67,155 and interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,634. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company s only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. 

On June 26, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 4,000,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 40,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 240,000 Private Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds of 2,400,000. 

On June 30, 2020, as a result of the underwriters 
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional 600,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, and
the sale of an additional 21,000 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 6,210,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the exercise
of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 46,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 2,069,154
in transaction costs, including 1,610,000 of underwriting fees and 459,154 of other costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in
operating activities was 1,132,761. Net loss of 967,614 was impacted by a decrease in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities
of 169,836 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 4,689 of cash. 

18 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided
by investing activities was 47,387,687, due to the 47,387,687 of proceeds from sale of investment in Trust Account. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used
in financing activities was 40,427,521, primarily due to the 42,453,015 of cash used for the repayment of redemption of4,035,064 shares,
against 1,055,394 of cash from promissory note to the Sponsor and 970,100 of cash advanced from the Sponsor. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash held in the Trust Account of 6,055,018. On July 8, 2022, we moved all of the assets held in the Trust Account from money
market funds to cash. We may withdraw interest to pay our income taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in
the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete
a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of
the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 55,789 of cash
held in our operating bank account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target
businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations
of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of such loans may be convertible into additional Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. 

Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 55,789 of cash in our operating bank account, a working capital deficit balance (excluding cash held in Trust
Account) of 1,229,096, and less than twelve months to complete a business combination. No assurances can be given that the Company will
complete a business combination before March 23, 2023, the Company s liquidation date, or through twelve months following the issuance
of this report. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs, obtain approval for an additional extension of the deadline or complete
a business combination by March 23, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity
condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate
after March 23, 2023. The Company intends to complete a business combination before the mandatory
liquidation date or obtain approval for an extension. See Note 10 Subsequent Events for additional information on the Company further extending the
initial business combination deadline to April 23, 2023 upon funding the Trust Account by an additional 0.08 per outstanding ordinary
share without further shareholder approval . 

19 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than describe below. 

We engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor, pursuant
to a Business Combination Marketing Agreement, in connection with a Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with its shareholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are
interested in purchasing our securities in connection with a Business Combination, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for the
Business Combination and assist us with press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. We agreed to pay
EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross
proceeds of Initial Public Offering, or 1,610,000, provided, however, that this fee would be reduced by an aggregate amount equal to
1.5 of the dollar amount of our securities purchased prior to the closing of the Business Combination by investors that: (i) were introduced
to EarlyBirdCapital by us (or any of its direct or indirect affiliates); (ii) have not been previously introduced to a SPAC initial public
offering by EarlyBirdCapital; (iii) continue to hold our ordinary shares through the closing of a Business Combination, and (iv) do not
exercise redemption rights with respect thereto in connection with such Business Combination. 

In addition, we agreed to pay EarlyBirdCapital
a cash fee equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in a Business Combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduced us to the target
business with which we complete a Business Combination; provided that the foregoing fee would not be paid prior to the date that is 90
days from the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters 
compensation in connection with the Initial Public Offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(c)(3)(B)(ii). 

On June 17, 2022, we and EarlyBirdCapital agreed
to terminate, pursuant to a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement ), the Business Combination Marketing Agreement.
Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Representative acknowledged that no amounts are due to it by us pursuant to the terms of the
Business Combination Marketing Agreement, and we acknowledged that we have no claim against the Representative in connection with the
termination of the Business Combination Marketing Agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption 

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s
ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary
equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

20 

Net Loss per Ordinary Share 

Net loss
per share is computed by dividing net Loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding
ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. 

The redeemable
ordinary shares are included in the denominator of the EPS calculation reflecting a single class of common shares. This is because the
redemption feature for all of the ordinary shares is at fair value, and therefore it does not create a different class of shares or other
EPS adjustment (i.e. no adjustment to the numerator). The redemption at fair value does not represent an economic benefit to the holders
that is different from what is received by other shareholders, because the shares could be sold on the open market. 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

Management evaluates all of its financial instruments,
including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should
be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. In accordance with ASC 825-10 Financial
Instruments , offering costs attributable to the issuance of the derivative warrant liabilities are recognized in the statement
of operations as incurred. 

We account for the Private Placement Warrants
as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair
value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance
sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. The fair value of the Private Placement
Warrants has been estimated using a Binominal simulation model each measurement date. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as
non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of
current liabilities. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of
this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain
disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file with the SEC is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within applicable time periods. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision, and with
the participation, of, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the
period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 and provided reasonable assurance that information required
to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding such required disclosure. 

21 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended), our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 because of a material weakness in the internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial
instruments related to the warrants and redeemable shares we issued in connection with its Initial Public Offering. 

To address this material weakness, management
has devoted, and plans to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of its internal control
over financial reporting and to provide processes and controls over the internal communications within the company, financial advisors
and independent registered public accounting firm. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements,
we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards
that apply to our financial statements. We plan to include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and
documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting
applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives
will ultimately have the intended effects. Other than this issue, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable
assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive
proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 for the annual stockholder meeting held in 2023
and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive
proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 for the annual stockholder meeting held in 2023
and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive
proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 for the annual stockholder meeting held in 2023
and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence 

The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive
proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 for the annual stockholder meeting held in 2023
and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive
proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2023 for the annual stockholder meeting held in 2023
and is incorporated by reference herein. 

23 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained free of charge from the SEC
website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

24 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

2.1 
 Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 22, 2022, by and among Nukkleus Inc. and Brilliant Acquisition Corporation. (1) 

2.2 
 
 Amendment No 1. to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 21, 2022, by and among Nukkleus Inc. and Brilliant Acquisition Corporation. (11) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No 2. to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 28, 2022, by and among Nukkleus Inc. and Brilliant Acquisition Corporation. (12) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No 3. to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 20, 2023, by and among Nukkleus Inc. and Brilliant Acquisition Corporation. (10) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Amendment (10) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (4) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Shares Certificate. (4) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (4) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate. (4) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated June 23, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Warrant Agent. (2) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated June 23, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (5) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and each of the sponsor, directors and officers of the Registrant. (4) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, June 23, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Trustee. (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 23, 2020, by and among the Company, Nisun Investment Holding Limited and the investors party thereto. (4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Support Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2022, among Brilliant Acquisition Corporation and the investors party thereto. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement. (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 20, 2022. (3) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 13, 2022. (6) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 18, 2022. (7) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 18, 2022. (8) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 19, 2022. (9) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 20, 2023. (10) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 23, 2023. (13) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (4) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive
 data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

25 

(2) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(3) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(4) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (SEC File No. 333-237153) and incorporated by reference herein. 

(5) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 13, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(6) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(7) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(8) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(9) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(10) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2023 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(11) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(12) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(13) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2023 and incorporated by reference herein. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 /s/ Peng Jiang 

Name: 
 Peng Jiang 

Title: 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Peng Jiang 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Peng Jiang 

And Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/ Brian Ferrier 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10,
 2023 
 
 Brian Ferrier 

/s/ Zan Wu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Zan Wu 

/s/ Yebo Shen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Yebo Shen 

27 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID # F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-26 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022,
and December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, change in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph - Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business
combination by March 23, 2023 (or April 23, 2023 if further extended by placing 32,500 into the Trust Account) then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum
Asia CPAs LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
10, 2023 

Firm
ID#: 5395 

F- 2 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 -

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 -

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Promissory note related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares as of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preferred shares, no par value; shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (excluding 564,936 and 4,600,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (loss): 

Changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Interest income 

Total other income 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Ordinary Shares 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance January 1, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 -

Reclassification of temporary equity 

Changes in value of ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 -

Reclassification of temporary equity 
 - 
 - 

Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 -

Proceeds from sale of investment of cash in Trust Account 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Advanced from related party 

Proceeds from promissory note related parties 

Repayment of redemption of ordinary shares 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the
 Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ), at 
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested in U.S.
government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of days or
less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by the Company, until the earlier
of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders,
as described below. 

consisting of of
underwriting fees and of other offering costs. In addition, at December 31, 2022, cash of was held outside of the Trust
Account (as defined above) and is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. 

F- 7 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

of the balance in
the Trust Account (excluding the taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released for taxes) at
the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if
the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

per share, subject to increase of up to an additional per
Unit in the event that the Sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination (see below), plus any pro
rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There
will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s rights or warrants. These
Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering,
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon
such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares
without the Company s prior written consent. 

F- 8 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

In connection with a special
meeting to approve the extension of the business combination period, the Company s shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate
amount of shares, and the Company redeemed such shares for an aggregate amount of , or approximately per
share. On February 23, 2023, Nukkleus deposited into the Trust Account, representing per public ordinary share that
was not redeemed in connection with extending the business combination completion window until March 23, 2023. 

of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable and less interest
to pay dissolution expenses up to ), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining
shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution
of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. In
the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less
than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

F- 9 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

per share, except
as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any
claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be
unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The
Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute
agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

cash held in its operating bank account and working capital deficit (excluding cash held in Trust Account) of .
 The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition
plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination. In addition, the Company
expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it pursues an initial business combination target. In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management
has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

F- 10 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

F- 11 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 12 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

in cash and non-cash
equivalents and all held in its operating bank account as of December 31, 2022 and had in cash and non-cash equivalents and all
held in its operating bank account as of December 31, 2021. 

in Marketable securities
held in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

shares were redeemed in connection with the Special Meeting. On July 7, 2022,
an aggregate amount of shares were redeemed in connection with the Special Meeting. On October 17, 2022, an aggregate amount
of shares were redeemed in connection with the Special Meeting. Accordingly, and shares of Public
Shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

per share. In accordance with the guidance, the
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid in capital, or in the
absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. 

Add: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Add: Reclassification of temporary equity 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Less: Redemption of shares 

Less: Redemption of shares 

Less: Redemption of shares 

Add: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Add: Reclassification of temporary equity 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

F- 13 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share

F- 14 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant
risks on such account. 

Units (including underwriters full exercise
over-allotment option Unit) consisting with one ordinary share, one right Public Right ), and one warrant Public
Warrant (see Note 3). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold Private Units (see
Note 4), consisting with ordinary shares, warrants Private Warrant and rights Private
Right). The Company accounted for its Public Warrant, Public Right and Private Right as equity instruments. The Company accounted for
Private Warrants as liability instruments. 

Private Warrants in connection to its Initial
Public Offering Liability Warrant (see Note 4). All of the Company s outstanding Liability Warrants are recognized
as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the Warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value
and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet
date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. 

F- 15 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, one right Public Right and one
redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to 1/10 of an ordinary share upon consummation
of a Business Combination (see Note 7). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of
 per share (see Note 7). On June 30, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional
 Units at per Unit. 

Private Units at a price
of per Private Unit, or , from the Company in a private placement. As a result of the underwriters election to
fully exercise their over-allotment option on June 30, 2020, the Sponsor, directors of the Company and the Company s business advisors
purchased an additional Private Units, at a purchase price of per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of .
The proceeds from the sale of the Private Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except for the private warrants Private Warrants ),
as described in Note 8. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from
the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law)
and the Private Warrants and private rights will expire worthless. 

F- 16 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

founder shares (the Founder Shares to the initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase price of 
in cash. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the initial shareholders to the extent
that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholders would collectively
own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the initial shareholders did
not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Units and underlying securities). On June 30,
2020, 2020, as a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, Founder Shares are
no longer subject to forfeiture. 

,
of which was outstanding under the Promissory Note as of June 26, 2020. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the
earlier of (i) June 30, 2020 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Proceeds from the close of the Initial Public Offering
cleared in the bank account of the Company on June 29, 2020. On August 13, 2020, the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and
payable on October 31, 2020 and effective as of the date of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, June 26, 2020. On November
12, 2020 the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on May 31, 2021 and was made effective as of October 30, 2020.
On June 18, 2021 the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on September 30, 2021 and was made effective as of May
31, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial
business combination and was made effective as of October 1, 2021. 

F- 17 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED) 

per Public Share outstanding, on or prior to the Deadline or the Deadline as extended by any extension period validly
exercised. 

. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) September 30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of
our initial business combination. On October 1, 2021, the Promissory Note was amended such that it is due and payable on the date on which
we consummate our initial business combination and was made effective as of October 1, 2021. The amount of was outstanding under
the Promissory Note II as of December 31, 2022. 

, of which was outstanding under the Promissory Note III as of December 31, 2022. The was borrowed
for the three months extension deposit until December 23, 2021 and the other was borrowed for the Trust Account management expense.
The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. 

. We borrowed in total, including the under the Promissory Note IV for the three months extension
deposit until March 23, 2022 and due to related party for the Trust Account management expense. The amount of was outstanding
under the Promissory Note IV as of December 31, 2022. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the date on which we consummate
our initial business combination. 

. The sponsor initially deposited on March 18, 2022, and was returned to the sponsor on March 28, 2022 due
to the fact that the Company s shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of shares in connection with the Special
Meeting. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Promissory Note V. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on
the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. 

. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Promissory Note VI. The note is non-interest bearing
and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. In connection with a special meeting to approve the extension
of the business combination period, the Company s shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of shares, and the
Company redeemed such shares for an aggregate amount of , or approximately per share. 

F- 18 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED) 

. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Promissory Note VII. The note is non-interest bearing
and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. The proceeds of the Promissory Note VII has been deposited
in the Company s Trust Account in connection with extending the business combination completion window until November 23, 2022.
In addition, the Company will further extend the business combination completion window on a monthly basis up to a further two months,
or until January 23, 2023, upon deposit of per public ordinary share of the Company. In connection with a special meeting to approve
the extension of the business combination period, the Company s shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 
shares, and the Company redeemed such shares for an aggregate amount of , or approximately per share. 

. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Promissory Note VIII. The note is non-interest bearing
and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. The proceeds of the Promissory Note VIII has been deposited
in the Company s Trust Account in connection with extending the business combination completion window until December 23, 2022. 

. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Promissory Note IX. The note is non-interest bearing
and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. The proceeds of the Promissory Note IX has been deposited
in the Company s Trust Account in connection with extending the business combination completion window until January 23, 2023. 

. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. The
proceeds of the Promissory Note X has been deposited in the Company s Trust Account in connection with extending the business combination
completion window until February 23, 2023. In addition, the Company will further extend the business combination completion window on
a monthly basis up to a further two months, or until April 23, 2023, upon deposit of per public ordinary share of the Company (the
 Top-up Amount ). Notwithstanding the Top-up Amount, the Company undertook to increase the amount to be paid into the Trust
Account for each monthly extension from to . Subsequently, the Company has committed to increase the amount to be paid into
the Trust Account for any extension from February 23, 2023 to March 23, 2023 and from March 23, 2023 to
April 23, 2023 to per ordinary share outstanding. In connection with a special
meeting to approve the extension of the business combination period, the Company s shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount
of shares, and the Company redeemed such shares for an aggregate amount of , or approximately per share. 

. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. The
proceeds of the Promissory Note XI has been deposited in the Company s Trust Account in connection with extending the business combination
completion window until March 23, 2023. 

to the Company for working capital purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
borrowed to pay for operating costs and expenses related to the Business Combination. 

F- 19 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
On June 30, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at per Unit. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . In connection with the underwriters 
exercise of their over-allotment option in full on June 30, 2020, the underwriters were paid an additional cash underwriting discount
of . 

of the total consideration payable in a Business Combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduces the Company to the target business
with which the Company completes a Business Combination; provided that the foregoing fee will not be paid prior to the date that is 90
days from the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters 
compensation in connection with the Initial Public Offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(c)(3)(B)(ii). 

F- 20 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

vote for each share. There were 
shares of ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 21 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

per warrant: 

F- 22 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

ordinary shares
(the Representative Shares) for an aggregate price of . The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering
cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to shareholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of
the Representative Shares to be based upon the price of the Founder Shares issued to the initial shareholders. The holders of the
Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition,
the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights (or rights to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares
in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Private Warrants
outstanding. The Private Warrants are recognized as warrant liabilities and subsequently measured at fair value. 

F- 23 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 24 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Liabilities: 

Derivative Warrant Liability Private Warrant 
 3 

and , respectively, in the fair value of warrant liabilities presented respectively,
as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying statement of operations. 

Share price 

Expected life of the warrants to convert 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 

F- 25 

BRILLIANT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial
business combination. The proceeds of the Promissory Note X has been deposited in the Company s Trust Account in connection
with extending the business combination completion window until February 23, 2023. In addition, the Company will further extend the
business combination completion window on a monthly basis up to a further two months, or until April 23, 2023, upon deposit of 
per public ordinary share of the Company (the Top-up Amount ). In connection with a special meeting to approve
the extension of the business combination period, the Company s shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate amount of 
shares, and the Company redeemed such shares for an aggregate amount of , or approximately per share. 

. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the date on which we consummate our initial business combination. The
proceeds of the Promissory Note XI has been deposited in the Company s Trust Account in connection with extending the business combination
completion window until March 23, 2023. 

Representative Shares were cancelled for no consideration. 

F-26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_brilliant.htm
 CERTIFICATION EXHIBIT

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Dr. Peng Jiang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Dr. Peng Jiang 

Dr. Peng Jiang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_brilliant.htm
 CERTIFICATION EXHIBIT

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Dr. Peng Jiang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Brilliant Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Dr. Peng Jiang 

Dr. Peng Jiang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 f10k2022ex32_brilliant.htm
 CERTIFICATION EXHIBIT

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the restatement of the Annual Report of Brilliant Acquisition
Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 /s/ Dr. Peng Jiang 

Dr. Peng Jiang 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Dr. Peng Jiang 

Dr. Peng Jiang 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 brli-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 brli-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 brli-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 brli-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 brli-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

