<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1792789_0001628280-23-005131.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16085628</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1160207</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2593999</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5468654</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3486849</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3080361</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005131.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224214628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DoorDash, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001792789
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				462852392
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39759
		FILM NUMBER:		23669821

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 2ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SOUTH TOWER, 8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-487-3970

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 2ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SOUTH TOWER, 8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DoorDash Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191030

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005131.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 dash-20221231.htm
 10-K

dash-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 ______________________________________ 
 
 ______________________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

1 

Table of Contents 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was billion based on the closing price of the registrant s Class A common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on that date. 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class B common stock, and shares of Class C common stock as of February 15, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Number Cover 
 1 
 Table of Contents 
 3 
 Part I 
 6 
 Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 56 
 Item 2. Properties 
 56 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 58 
 Part II 
 59 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 59 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 60 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 76 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 78 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 120 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 120 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 121 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 121 
 Part III 
 122 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 122 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 122 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 122 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 122 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 122 
 Part IV 
 123 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 123 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 124 
 Signatures 
 125 

3 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, would, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, financial and operational metrics, our ability to determine reserves, and our ability to maintain and increase long-term future profitability; 
 our ability to successfully execute our business and growth strategy; 
 the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities to meet our liquidity needs; 
 the demand for our platform or for local commerce platforms in general; 
 our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers; 
 our ability to effectively manage costs related to Dashers; 
 our ability to develop new offerings, services, and features, and bring them to market in a timely manner and make enhancements to our platform; 
 our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in existing and new markets and offerings; 
 our expectations regarding outstanding litigation and legal and regulatory matters; 
 our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and regulations, including with respect to independent contractor classification, merchant pricing and commissions, taxation, and privacy and data protection; 
 our ability to manage and insure auto-related and operations-related risk associated with our business; 
 our expectations regarding new and evolving markets; 
 our ability to develop and protect our brand; 
 our ability to maintain the security and availability of our platform; 
 our expectations and management of future growth; 
 our expectations concerning relationships with third parties; 
 our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 
 our ability to successfully integrate and realize the benefits of acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, and investments, including our acquisition of Wolt Enterprises Oy ("Wolt"); 
 the increased expenses associated with being a public company; and 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar public health threat, on global capital and financial markets, general economic conditions in the United States, and our business and operations. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, we are referring to DoorDash, Inc. together with its subsidiaries when we use the terms "DoorDash," the "Company," "we," "our," or "us." 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 OUR BUSINESS 
 Our mission is to grow and empower local economies. We aim to achieve this by providing logistics, technology, and other services that enable local businesses to address consumers expectations of ease and immediacy. 
 Our primary offerings include the DoorDash Marketplace, which operates in four countries including the United States, the Wolt Marketplace, which operates in 23 countries, and Platform Services. We built the DoorDash and Wolt Marketplaces (our "Marketplaces") to serve the needs of three key constituents: merchants, consumers, and the independent contractors who use our platform to generate earnings, or "Dashers 1 ." Our Marketplaces enable merchants to establish an online presence and expand their reach by connecting them with millions of consumers. Merchants can fulfill this demand through delivery, generally facilitated by our local logistics platform, or in-person pickup by consumers. As part of our Marketplaces, we offer merchants a broad array of services that enable them to solve mission-critical challenges such as customer acquisition and demand generation, order fulfillment, merchandising, payment processing, and customer support. We also enable merchants to advertise and promote on our platform in order to acquire new consumers and drive incremental sales. 
 Our Marketplaces provide a platform for over 32 million monthly active users 2 to discover, engage with, and purchase goods from merchants in their community. Our aim is to consistently improve our consumer value proposition by increasing the quantity and variety of merchants that are available on our Marketplaces, while also improving the level of convenience, quality, and service we provide. Our Marketplaces also offer our membership programs, DashPass and Wolt+, which aim to improve affordability and lower transactional friction by reducing the delivery and service fees we charge consumers. As of December 31, 2022, we had over 15 million 3 DashPass and Wolt+ members. 
 In addition to our Marketplaces, which account for the vast majority of our revenue today, we offer several services on our platform ("Platform Services"), primarily consisting of DoorDash Drive and Wolt Drive ("Drive"), which are white-label delivery fulfillment services that enable merchants that have generated consumer demand through their own channels to fulfill this demand using our platform. Platform Services also includes DoorDash Storefront ("Storefront"), which enables merchants to create their own branded online ordering experience, providing them with a turnkey solution to offer consumers on-demand access to e-commerce without investing in in-house engineering or logistics capabilities, and Bbot ("Bbot"), which offers merchants digital ordering and payment solutions for their in-store and online channels. 
 For Dashers, our Marketplaces and Platform Services provide opportunities for those looking for accessible and flexible ways to earn and achieve their goals. Dashers choose when and where to dash, as well as how frequently and for how long to dash each time they choose to do so. 
 We believe our business benefits only when we provide attractive services for each of our three key constituents: merchants, consumers, and Dashers. Consequently, in order to grow our business, we intend to provide merchants with a growing suite of services that help them build and grow their businesses; consumers with a broad selection of merchants and products to choose from, consistent and high-quality experiences, and affordability that drives increased adoption; and Dashers with an attractive combination of accessibility, flexibility, choice, and earning opportunity that competes effectively for their time. 
 COMPETITION 
 The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive and characterized by shifting user preferences, fragmentation, and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. We compete for our constituencies on the following criteria: 
 Merchants. We compete for merchants based on our ability to generate consumer demand and the quality of our business enablement and demand fulfillment services. We believe that we are positioned favorably based on the 
 
 1 Dashers that use our DoorDash Marketplace and Wolt Marketplace are referred to as "DoorDash Dashers" and "Wolt courier partners," respectively, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2 Based on the number of individual consumer accounts that have completed an order on our Marketplaces in the past month, measured as of December 31, 2022. 
 3 Excluding Wolt+ members, DashPass members were also over 15 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

scale of our consumer base, the breadth of our demand fulfillment capabilities, and our broad array of services that enable merchants to solve mission-critical challenges. 
 Consumers. We compete for consumers based on a number of factors, including the selection of merchants and products available, the quality of the ordering, fulfillment and service experience, and affordability. We believe that we are positioned favorably based on the combination of merchant selection, experience, and value we provide. 
 Dashers. We compete to attract and retain Dashers based on a number of factors, including accessibility of our platform, flexibility in when, where, how much and how frequently to work, and earnings potential. We believe that we are well-positioned based on the limited requirements necessary to qualify, the density of our network, the improving efficiency of our platform, and the opportunities we provide Dashers to earn. 
 Local food delivery logistics, the largest category of our business today, is fragmented and intensely competitive. Globally, we compete with other local food delivery logistics platforms including Uber Eats, Just Eat Takeaway (including Grubhub, which it acquired in June 2021), and Delivery Hero, merchants that have their own online ordering platforms, online ordering systems, other merchants which own and operate their own delivery fleets, grocers and grocery delivery services, convenience and convenience store delivery services, and companies that provide point of sale solutions and merchant delivery services. We also compete with traditional offline ordering channels, such as take-out offerings, telephone, and paper menus that merchants distribute to consumers as well as advertising that merchants place in local publications to attract consumers. With Drive, and as we continue to expand into other industry verticals beyond food, we expect to compete with large Internet companies with substantial resources, users, and market and brand power. As we continue to expand our presence internationally, we will also face competition from local incumbents in these markets. 
 We believe we compete favorably for merchants, consumers, and Dashers. Our innovation, brand, and focused execution have allowed us to quickly extend our network and geographic reach and we plan to continue our efforts to expand within our existing markets and enter new markets and geographies in the future. For additional information about the risks to our business related to competition, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had over 16,800 employees worldwide. We also engage contractors and consultants. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we believe that our employee relations are strong. 
 We believe that people are at the core of every business. This drives our focus on improving the experiences of merchants, consumers, and Dashers, and it also drives how we think about our employees and the culture and values that we cultivate. Our employees are critical to our success. 
 At DoorDash, we grow and empower local economies. We give our team the freedom and opportunity to build the future for our company, our constituencies, and our communities. Together, with grit, courage, and rapid innovation, we create the dynamic energy that drives our business forward. 
 Dashers 
 We are committed to make dashing an earnings opportunity that is accessible, flexible, and supportive of social progress. In 2022, well over 6 million people dashed 4 , earning a total of over 13 billion. 
 We believe access and choice are empowering. Our goal with dashing is to provide as many people as we can with an opportunity to earn incremental income in a way that fits their lives. Since Dashers are independent contractors, we must compete for their time and effort with every order. We compete against other earning opportunities as well as alternative uses of time like doing errands or leisure. Because of this competition, we must make dashing attractive, worthwhile, and incremental to other choices available. Specifically, we strive to make dashing positive based on: 
 Accessibility : We believe the barriers-to-entry in dashing are very low. Where permitted by applicable law, prospective Dashers must pass a background check and, in most geographies, have access to a bike, scooter, or 
 
 4 Based on the number of Dasher accounts that have delivered an order through our platform in the past year, measured as of December 31, 2022. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

car. People who qualify to become Dashers are often eligible to begin generating income within a day of signing up. We know of no other earning opportunity that provides superior accessibility to dashing. 
 Flexibility : Once Dashers qualify, they choose whether to dash, where to dash, when to dash, how long to dash for, and how frequently to dash. This allows Dashers to scale their effort to their earning needs. It also allows Dashers to generate earnings around other commitments in their lives, which often include full or part-time jobs, school, parenting, or commitments to care for family or friends. 
 Earnings : Dashers dash in order to earn income, so we must provide earnings that are competitive with alternative opportunities and commensurate with Dashers' expectations. In addition to the absolute level of earnings, we provide tools that improve immediacy and accessibility of earnings, as this is often valued by Dashers. 
 Service : We aim to provide Dashers with high levels of service. This includes a dedicated service team that is accessible through our app, website, email, chat, and phone. We also provide visibility into our policies and practices for determining ratings and deactivations. 
 Our mission to grow and empower local economies creates a culture that promotes progress in all of our stakeholder relationships. Just as importantly, our business cannot thrive, or even survive, without Dashers. As a result, our business and financial ambitions are well aligned with our goal to make dashing an attractive and incremental earning opportunity that promotes social progress by giving people more choice in how they achieve their financial goals. 
 Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion 
 At DoorDash, we are committed to growing and empowering inclusive communities in our company, our industry, and the geographies we serve. We believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce is critical to helping us attract and retain the talent necessary to grow our business. We also believe we will be a more successful company if we amplify the voices of those who have not always been heard, and when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunities to succeed. 
 Some of our diversity and inclusion programs at DoorDash include: 
 Elevate 
 Elevate is a program designed to increase the representation of women of color in leadership roles at our company. The year-long program starts with each member of our management team sponsoring fellows to serve on our leadership team, which exposes them to senior leadership and supports their development of business skills. 
 Employee Resource Groups 
 We support employee-led employee resource groups ("ERGs"), which foster a diverse and inclusive workplace. We currently have eight ERGs: Black@DoorDash, Unidos@DoorDash, Women@DoorDash, Pride@DoorDash (LGBTQIA+), AAPI@DoorDash (Asians, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders), Veterans@DoorDash, Indigenous@DoorDash, and Parents@DoorDash, all of which are open to people of all backgrounds. 
 Mitigating Bias Mandatory Training 
 During our talent review cycles, we provide custom-designed training to all people managers, focused on educating leaders on unconscious bias, upskilling leaders on mitigation tactics, and creating accountability through a scaled Bias Busters Program to ensure every room has a voice dedicating to mitigating bias. A self-guided online training is mandatory for people managers of all levels, and a live, instructor-led training course with practical application exercises is mandatory for more senior leaders. 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. We rely on trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, intellectual property assignment agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the skills and ingenuity of our employees and the functionality and frequent enhancements to our platform are larger contributors to our success in the marketplace. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

We have invested in a patent program to identify and protect a substantial portion of our strategic intellectual property in logistics, selection optimization, and other technologies relevant to our business. As of December 31, 2022, we had 206 issued U.S. patents, 6 patents issued in foreign jurisdictions, 57 U.S. patent applications pending, and 19 patent applications pending in foreign jurisdictions. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. 
 We have an ongoing trademark and service mark registration program pursuant to which we register our brand names and product names, taglines, and logos in the United States and other countries to the extent we determine appropriate and cost-effective. As of December 31, 2022, we held 44 registered trademarks in the United States and 122 registered trademarks in foreign jurisdictions. We also have common law rights in some trademarks and numerous pending trademark applications in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.doordash.com and other variations. 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. For additional information, see the sections titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Intellectual property infringement assertions by third parties could result in significant costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operation s. 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions. These laws, regulations, and standards govern issues such as worker classification, labor and employment, commissions and fees, anti-discrimination, payments, gift cards, whistleblowing and worker confidentiality obligations, product liability, environmental protection, personal injury, text messaging, membership services, intellectual property, consumer protection and warnings, marketing, taxation, privacy, data protection, data security, competition, unionizing and collective action, arbitration agreements and class action waiver provisions, terms of service, mobile application and website accessibility, money transmittal, and background checks. The sale and delivery of goods through our platform is also subject to laws, regulations, and standards that govern food safety, alcohol, tobacco, cannabidiol (CBD), pharmaceuticals and controlled substances, hazardous substances, and the interstate and intrastate transport of goods. These regulations are often complex and subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory and governing bodies, such as federal, national, state, and local administrative agencies. 
 See the sections titled Risk Factors , including the sections titled If Dashers that utilize our platform are reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law, or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected , Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations globally, including those related to worker classification, Dasher pay, and merchant pricing and commissions, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations and subject us to legal claims , and We primarily rely on a third-party payment processor to process payments made to merchants and Dashers and a small number of third-party payment processors to process payments made by consumers, and if we cannot manage our relationship with such third parties and other payment-related risks, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected , for additional information about the laws and regulations we are subject to and the risks to our business associated with such laws and regulations. 
 CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 We were incorporated in 2013 as Palo Alto Delivery Inc., a Delaware corporation. In 2015, we changed our name to DoorDash, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 303 2nd Street, South Tower, 8th Floor, San Francisco, California 94107, and our telephone number is (650) 487-3970. Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DASH. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our website is located at www.doordash.com, and our investor relations website is located at ir.doordash.com. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 9 

Table of Contents 

(the "Exchange Act"), are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings at www.sec.gov. 
 We announce material information to the public about us, our products and services, and other matters through a variety of means, including filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, the investor relations section of our website (ir.doordash.com), our blog (doordash.news), and our Twitter account (@DoorDash) in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 
 The information disclosed by the foregoing channels could be deemed to be material information. As such, we encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed above and to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed. These risks include the following: 
 We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful; 
 We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve, maintain, or increase profitability in the future; 
 We may not continue to grow on pace with historical rates; 
 We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected; 
 If we fail to retain our existing merchants and consumers or acquire new merchants and consumers in a cost-effective manner, our revenue, revenue growth, and margins may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; 
 If we fail to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers or to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; 
 We rely on merchants on our platform for many aspects of our business, and to the extent they fail to maintain their service levels or increase the prices they charge consumers on our platform, our business would be adversely affected; 
 We expect a number of factors to cause our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance; 
 Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, mobile applications, or platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 If we are unable to make acquisitions and investments, or successfully integrate acquisitions into our business, including in the case of our acquisition of Wolt, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; 
 Our international operations and any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful; 
 If Dashers that utilize our platform are reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law, or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected; 
 We are subject to various claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings, and face potential liability, expenses, and harm to our business as a result; 
 Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations globally, including those related to worker classification, Dasher pay, and merchant pricing and commissions, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations and subject us to legal claims; 
 The multi-class structure of our common stock and the voting agreement and irrevocable proxy (the "Voting Agreement"), between Tony Xu, Andy Fang, and Stanley Tang (the "Co-Founders"), has the effect of concentrating voting power with Tony Xu, our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chair of our board of 
 11 

Table of Contents 

directors, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval; and 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 
 We launched operations in 2013 and we have since frequently expanded our platform features and services and changed our pricing methodologies. This limited operating history and our evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. These risks and challenges include our ability to: 
 accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses; 
 increase the number of and retain existing merchants, consumers, and Dashers using our platform; 
 successfully compete with current and future competitors; 
 successfully expand our business in existing markets and categories and enter new markets and categories; 
 successfully integrate acquired technologies and businesses into our own, including in the case of our acquisition of Wolt; 
 anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the markets in which we operate, including with respect to inflation and other fluctuations in prices such as gasoline prices; 
 maintain and enhance the value of our reputation and brand; 
 adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways merchants and consumers interact with technology; 
 avoid interruptions or disruptions in our service; 
 develop and maintain a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment and integration of new features, services, and technologies; 
 hire, integrate, motivate, and retain talented technology, sales, customer service, and other personnel; 
 effectively manage rapid growth in our personnel and operations; and 
 effectively manage our costs related to Dashers. 
 If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, because we have limited historical financial data and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any predictions about our future results of operations may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We have a history of net losses, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve, maintain, or increase profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses in each year since our founding, we anticipate increasing expenses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve profitability, or maintain or increase profitability in the future. We incurred a net loss of 468 million and 1,365 million in 2021 and 2022, respectively, and, as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 2.1 billion and 3.8 billion. We expect our costs will increase over time and our losses to continue as we expect to invest significant additional funds towards growing our business and operating as a public company. We have expended and expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on developing our platform, including expanding our platform offerings, developing or acquiring new platform features and services, acquiring and integrating technologies and businesses, expanding into new markets and categories, and increasing our sales and marketing efforts. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in sufficient increased revenue or growth in our business to offset such costs. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our 
 12 

Table of Contents 

investments and other expenses could prevent us from maintaining or increasing profitability or positive cash flow on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, the stock-based compensation expense related to our restricted stock units ("RSUs") and other outstanding equity awards will result in increased expenses in future periods. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.8 billion of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs and other outstanding equity awards. Additionally, we may expend substantial funds in connection with the tax withholding and remittance obligations that arise upon the initial settlement of certain of our RSUs. 
 If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may continue to incur significant losses in the future and may not be able to achieve, maintain, or increase profitability. 
 We may not continue to grow on pace with historical rates. 
 We have grown rapidly over the last several years, and therefore our past revenue growth rate, growth in demand for our offerings, and financial performance should not necessarily be considered indicative of our future performance. During the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021, we experienced a significant increase in revenue, Total Orders, and Marketplace GOV. In 2020 and 2021, our revenue was 2.9 billion and 4.9 billion, respectively, representing a 69 year-over-year growth rate. In 2021 and 2022, our revenue was 4.9 billion and 6.6 billion, respectively, representing a 35 year-over-year growth rate. The circumstances that accelerated the growth of our business during the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic are not likely to recur, and we expect growth in consumer demand and our revenue, Total Orders, and Marketplace GOV growth rates to continue to decline in future periods compared to growth rates in 2020 and 2021. You should not rely on our revenue or key business metrics for any previous quarterly or annual period as any indication of our revenue, revenue growth, key business metrics, or key business metrics growth in future periods. 
 Our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in prior periods, and it may continue to fluctuate over the short term and decline in the long term as the size of our business grows and as we achieve greater market adoption. We may also experience a declining revenue growth rate as a result of slowing demand for our platform, insufficient growth in the number of merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities, and increasing regulatory costs. We also expect to continue to make investments in the development and expansion of our business, which may not result in sufficient revenue or growth to offset the cost of such investments. If our revenue growth rate declines, investors perceptions of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive and characterized by shifting user preferences, fragmentation, and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. In particular, local food delivery logistics, the largest category of our business today, is fragmented and intensely competitive. Globally, we compete with other local on-demand delivery companies, such as Uber Eats, Just Eat Takeaway (including Grubhub, which it acquired in June 2021), and Delivery Hero, merchants that have their own online ordering platforms, online ordering systems, merchants that own and operate their own delivery fleets, grocers and grocery delivery services, convenience stores and convenience store delivery services, and companies that provide point of sale solutions and merchant delivery services. As we continue to expand to verticals beyond food, we may compete with large Internet companies with substantial resources, users, and market and brand power. In addition, we compete with traditional offline ordering channels, such as take-out offerings, telephone, and paper menus that merchants distribute to consumers as well as advertising that merchants place in local publications to attract consumers. Further, as we continue to expand our presence internationally, we will also face competition from local incumbents in these markets. 
 Our current and future competitors may enjoy competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, greater category share in certain markets, market-specific knowledge, established relationships with local merchants and suppliers, larger existing user bases, more successful marketing capabilities, established geographic footprints and infrastructure, and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources than we have. For example, with grocery delivery, we compete with established grocery chains that have strong bargaining power, established relationships with suppliers, and their own delivery fleets. Greater financial resources and product development capabilities may allow these competitors to respond more quickly and efficiently to new or emerging technologies and changes in merchant, consumer, and Dasher preferences that may render our platform less attractive or obsolete. If certain merchants choose to partner with our competitors in a specific geographic market, or if merchants 
 13 

Table of Contents 

choose to engage exclusively with our competitors, we may lack a sufficient variety and supply of merchant options or lack access to the most popular merchants, such that our offering would become less appealing to consumers. Our competitors may also make acquisitions or establish cooperative or other strategic relationships among themselves or with others, including merchants. For example, in July 2022, Grubhub announced a partnership with Amazon that allows Amazon Prime members in the United States to receive a free trial of Grubhub's membership program. Our competitors could also introduce new offerings with competitive price and performance characteristics or undertake more aggressive marketing campaigns than ours. Such efforts may lead us to lose category share or require us to increase our marketing expenses in order to maintain our category share. 
 In particular, our acquisition of Wolt and the expansion of the combined company may lead to an increase in competitive pressure from both existing competitors and new entrants in an already highly competitive industry. Through the acquisition, we have expanded our operations in Europe and Asia regions that are already subject to intense competition in many of the categories in which we operate. As a result, existing competitors and any subsequent entrants in Europe and Asia may engage in aggressive consumer acquisition campaigns, develop superior offerings, or consolidate with other entities and achieve benefits of scale in response to our acquisition of Wolt. Such competitive pressures in an already highly competitive market may erode our category share, adversely impact our business, and increase the expenses associated with, or otherwise hinder, our expansion in both existing and new markets, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Many of our competitors are well capitalized and offer discounted services, lower merchant commission rates and consumer fees, greater incentives for independent contractors who provide delivery services, consumer discounts and promotions, innovative platforms and offerings, and alternative pay models, any of which may be more attractive than those that we offer. Such competitive pressures may lead us to maintain or lower our commission rates and fees or maintain or increase our incentives, discounts, and promotions to remain competitive, particularly in markets where we are not in a leading position. Such efforts have negatively affected, and will continue to negatively affect, our financial performance, and there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. Further, the markets in which we compete have attracted significant investments from a wide range of funding sources, and we anticipate that many of our competitors will continue to be highly capitalized. These investments, along with the other competitive advantages discussed above, may allow our competitors to continue to lower their prices and fees, or increase the incentives, discounts, and promotions they offer, and compete more effectively against us. Local on-demand delivery services for food and the other verticals in which we compete are nascent, and we cannot guarantee that they will stabilize at a competitive equilibrium that will allow us to achieve, maintain or increase profitability. Further, merchants could determine that it is more cost effective to develop their own platforms to offer online pickup and delivery rather than use our platform. 
 It is relatively easy to switch between offerings in our industry. Consumers have a propensity to shift to the lowest-cost provider and could use more than one local commerce platform, independent contractors who provide delivery services could use multiple platforms concurrently as they attempt to maximize earnings, and merchants could prefer to use the local commerce platform that offers the lowest commission rates and adopt more than one platform to maximize their volume of orders. As we and our competitors introduce new offerings and as existing offerings evolve, we expect to become subject to additional competition. Our competitors may adopt certain of our platform features or may adopt innovations that merchants, consumers, or Dashers value more highly than ours, which would make our platform less attractive and more difficult to differentiate. Increased competition could result in, among other things, a reduction of the revenue we generate from the use of our platform, the number of platform users, the frequency of use of our platform, and our margins. 
 For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully. If we lose existing merchants, consumers, or Dashers that utilize our platform, fail to attract new merchants, consumers, or Dashers, or are forced to reduce our commission rate or make pricing concessions as a result of increased competition, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to retain our existing merchants and consumers or acquire new merchants and consumers in a cost-effective manner, our revenue, revenue growth, and margins may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We believe that growth of our business and revenue is dependent on our ability to continue to cost-effectively grow our platform by retaining our existing merchants and consumers and adding new merchants and consumers, including in new markets. The increase in merchants attracts more consumers to our platform and the increase in consumers attracts more merchants. This network takes time to build and may grow slower than we expect or slower than it has grown in the past. If we fail to retain either our existing merchants, especially our most popular merchants and our national brand partners, or consumers, the value of our network would be diminished. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses to acquire 
 14 

Table of Contents 

additional merchants and consumers. In expanding our operations into new markets to acquire additional merchants and consumers, we may be placed into unfamiliar competitive environments, and we may invest significant resources with the possibility that the return on such investments will not be achieved for several years or at all. We cannot assure you that the revenue from the merchants and consumers we acquire will ultimately exceed the cost of acquisition. 
 In addition, if merchants on our platform were to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, or face financial distress or other business disruption, or if our relationships with merchants on our platform deteriorate, we may not be able to provide consumers with sufficient merchant selection. This risk is particularly pronounced with restaurants, as each year a significant percentage of restaurants go out of business, and in markets where we have fewer merchants. Similarly, if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining popular merchants, if merchants enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors, if we fail to negotiate satisfactory terms with merchants, or if we ineffectively manage our relationships with merchants, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our agreements with partner merchants generally remain in effect until terminated by partner merchants or us. Partner merchants may generally terminate their agreements with us by providing us at least seven or 30 days advance notice and such agreements do not generally provide for any exclusivity. In the event that our partner merchants terminate their agreements with us, the merchant selection available on our local commerce platform could be adversely affected. Changes to our business and to our relationships with some of our constituencies may also impact our ability to attract and retain other constituencies. For example, the increased growth of our membership products, DashPass and Wolt+, and how compelling these offerings are to consumers, depends on our ability to sign up eligible merchants to our membership products. Additionally, many of our consumers initially access our platform to take advantage of certain promotions, such as discounts and other reduced fees. We strive to demonstrate the value of our platform and offerings to such consumers, thereby encouraging them to access our platform regularly or become a paid user of our membership products, through prompts and notifications and time-limited trials of our membership product and other offerings. However, these consumers may never convert to a paid membership of our membership products or access our platform after they take advantage of our promotions. If we are not able to expand our consumer base, convert our consumers to regular paying consumers, or increase the spending of our current consumer base on our platform, demand for our full-price or paid services, including DashPass and Wolt+, and our revenue may grow slower than expected or decline. 
 Further, certain consumers are indirect users of our platform, as they place orders through third-party websites and applications, such as Google, and merchant websites. Consumers may perceive these third-party websites and applications to be more efficient or user-friendly or have a stronger brand affinity to these third parties. If consumers increasingly use such third-party websites and applications to make orders on our platform, rather than through our websites and consumer mobile applications directly, our ability to establish relationships and build brand loyalty with consumers, collect information about consumer trends and preferences, and provide a customized experience based on such preferences would be adversely affected. This in turn could impact our ability to attract and retain consumers and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we fail to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers or to increase the use of our platform by existing Dashers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our continued growth depends in part on our ability to cost-effectively attract and retain Dashers who satisfy our screening criteria and procedures and to increase use of our platform by existing Dashers. Dashers have the ability to decline orders or stop using our platform entirely at any time and we do not have any exclusivity provisions with Dashers. Accordingly, if we do not continue to provide Dashers with flexibility on our platform and compelling opportunities to earn income, we may fail to attract new Dashers or retain existing Dashers or increase their use of our platform, or we may experience complaints, negative publicity, or work stoppages that could adversely affect our users and our business. Relatedly, If merchants and consumers choose to use competing offerings, we may lack sufficient opportunities for Dashers to earn, which may reduce the perceived utility of our platform and impact our ability to attract and retain Dashers. To attract and retain Dashers, we have, among other things, invested in making the use of our Dasher applications, and dashing, as frictionless as possible, created new ways for Dashers to earn and get paid, offered monetary incentives and perquisites, including credits to be used for orders on our platform, tips and assistance using the Dasher applications, and access to programs that provide cashback rewards on certain purchases, including gasoline. We also frequently test Dasher incentives with subsets of existing Dashers and potential Dashers, and these incentives could fail to attract and retain Dashers or fail to increase use of our platform by existing Dashers or could have other unintended adverse consequences, including negative press, adverse reactions from existing and potential Dashers, and harm to our brand and reputation. Changes in certain laws and regulations, including immigration and labor and employment laws, may result in a decrease in the pool of Dashers, which may result in increased competition for Dashers or higher costs of recruitment and engagement. Other factors outside of our control, such as increases in the price of gasoline, vehicles, or insurance, may also reduce the number of Dashers that utilize our platform or the use of our platform by Dashers. If we fail to attract Dashers, retain existing Dashers on favorable terms, or maintain or increase the use of our platform by 
 15 

Table of Contents 

existing Dashers, we may not be able to meet the demand of merchants and consumers and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on merchants on our platform for many aspects of our business, and to the extent they fail to maintain their service levels or increase the prices they charge consumers on our platform, our business would be adversely affected. 
 We rely on merchants on our platform to provide quality goods to our consumers at expected price points. If these merchants experience difficulty servicing consumer demand, producing quality goods at affordable prices, meeting our requirements and standards, experience problems with their point-of-sale or other technologies, or choose to raise the prices of their goods on our platform for any other reason, our reputation and brand could be damaged. Further, an increase in merchant operating costs, or other deterioration in financial condition, whether due to inflation or otherwise, could cause merchants on our platform to raise prices, renegotiate commission rates, or cease operations, which could in turn adversely affect our revenue, operational costs, and efficiency. If merchants on our platform were to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, we may not be able to provide consumers with sufficient merchant selection, which we expect would reduce the number of consumers on our platform. Additionally, some items on our platform are listed at higher prices relative to their in-store prices. This practice can negatively affect consumer perception of our platform and could result in a decline in consumers or order volume, or both, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We expect a number of factors to cause our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. 
 Our results of operations have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that our results of operations will continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. In addition to other risk factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include: 
 our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform in a cost-effective manner; 
 our ability to accurately forecast revenue and appropriately plan expenses; 
 the effects of increased competition on our business; 
 our ability to successfully expand in existing markets and successfully enter new markets; 
 our ability to successfully integrate acquired technologies and businesses, including in the case of our acquisition of Wolt; 
 changes in consumer behavior with respect to on-demand delivery; 
 increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and acquire new merchants, consumers, and Dashers; 
 our business mix between our Marketplaces and Platform Services; 
 the contribution to our overall business of our membership products, DashPass and Wolt+; 
 the impact of worldwide economic conditions, including the resulting effect on consumer spending on on-demand delivery; 
 the seasonality of our business, including the effect of academic calendars on college campuses and seasonal patterns in restaurant dining; 
 the impact of weather on our business; 
 our ability to maintain an adequate rate of growth and effectively manage that growth; 
 our ability to maintain and increase traffic to our platform; 
 the contribution to our overall business of our advertising products and services, including the effect that market conditions may have on our ability to sell these products and services; 
 the effects of changes in search engine placement and prominence; 
 our ability to keep pace with technology changes in our industry; 
 16 

Table of Contents 

the success of our sales and marketing efforts; 
 the effects of negative publicity on our business, reputation, or brand; 
 our ability to protect, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property; 
 costs associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims, and related judgments or settlements; 
 changes in governmental or other regulations affecting our business, including regulations regarding the classification of Dashers that utilize our platform and regulations impacting the commission rates we charge to merchants; 
 interruptions in service and any related impact on our business, reputation, or brand; 
 the effects of natural or human-made catastrophic events; 
 the effects of outbreaks of contagious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and the response of governments and private industry; 
 the impact of price controls that may be imposed by various jurisdictions, and any associated increase in the fees we may have to impose to offset such price controls; 
 the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; 
 the impact of payment processor costs and procedures; 
 changes in the online payment transfer rate; and 
 changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities. 
 The variability and unpredictability of our results of operations could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other results of operations for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations, the market price of our Class A common stock could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, mobile applications, or platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 It is critical to our success that merchants, consumers, and Dashers be able to access our platform at all times. Our systems, or those of third parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation or other performance problems because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, infrastructure changes, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, or other events. Our systems also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft, and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees. It may become increasingly difficult and expensive to maintain and improve the performance of our systems and the availability of our platform, especially during peak usage times, as our operations grow and the usage of our platform increases. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures and similar events. 
 We have experienced and will likely continue to experience system failures and other events or conditions from time to time that interrupt the availability or reduce or affect the speed or functionality of our platform. These events have resulted in losses in revenue in the past and in the future could result in significant losses of revenue and may harm our brand and reputation. Moreover, we have in the past voluntarily provided credits to consumers on our platform to compensate them for the inconvenience caused by a system failure or similar event, including for orders that are delivered late or orders that are cancelled by us or the merchant, and may voluntarily provide similar such credits in the future. In addition, affected users could seek monetary recourse from us for their losses and such claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. Further, in some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or other functionality of our platform could adversely affect our business and reputation and could result in the loss of users. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to make acquisitions and investments, or successfully integrate acquisitions into our business, including in the case of our acquisition of Wolt, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 As part of our business strategy, we will continue to consider a wide array of strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, and investments in, businesses, technologies, intellectual property, services, and other assets and arrangements that complement our business. For example, on May 31, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Wolt. We have previously acquired and invested in, and continue to evaluate, targets that operate in relatively nascent markets and there is no assurance that such acquired businesses, or any investment or strategic transaction that we enter into, will be successfully integrated into our business, generate revenue, or achieve any expected benefits on a timely basis or at all. 
 Acquisitions and similar strategic transactions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, including: 
 intense competition for suitable acquisition and strategic transaction targets, which could increase prices and adversely affect our ability to consummate deals on favorable or acceptable terms; 
 transaction-related lawsuits or claims; 
 difficulties associated with managing a larger, more complex, combined company; 
 difficulties integrating the technologies, operations, including compensation structures, existing contracts, and personnel of an acquired business; 
 difficulties retaining, integrating, and motivating key employees or business partners of an acquired business, and difficulties retaining or motivating our existing key employees or business partners after an acquisition; 
 difficulties retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers, as applicable, of an acquired business; 
 challenges integrating accounting, finance, and forecasting practices of acquired businesses with our own, especially in the context of international businesses; 
 challenges relating to the structure of an investment, such as governance, accountability, operations, expense sharing, and decision-making conflicts that may arise in the context of a joint venture or other majority ownership investments; 
 challenges with integrating the brand identity of an acquired company with our own; 
 difficulties in operating a geographically dispersed organization, including as a result of different time zones, languages, and cultural, political, and business practices; 
 currency, regulatory, and compliance risks associated with foreign jurisdictions and entry into new markets; 
 diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations or alternative acquisition or investment opportunities; 
 the need to implement internal controls, procedures, and policies appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company like ours at companies we may acquire that prior to acquisition may not have robust controls, procedures, and policies, in particular, with respect to the effectiveness of internal controls, cyber and information security practices, incident response plans, and business continuity and disaster recovery plans, compliance with privacy, data protection, information security, and other regulations, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies and sanctions which may not have previously been applicable to the acquired company s operations; 
 failure to realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of a transaction; 
 failure to identify the problems, liabilities, or other shortcomings or challenges of an investment or acquired business, technology, or asset, including issues related to intellectual property, regulatory compliance practices, litigation, information security vulnerabilities, trust and safety practices, brand management, revenue recognition or other accounting practices, or employee or user issues; 
 the enactment of new laws or regulations that are adverse to an investment or acquired business, or impede our ability to achieve the expected benefits of such investments; 
 regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay, or impose conditions (such as divestitures, ownership, or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) on the completion of transactions or the integration of acquired businesses; 
 an acquired business or investment in new technologies, products, or services cannibalizing a portion of our existing business; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with an acquisition or strategic transaction, which may in turn impact our stock price and results of operations; 
 as a result of an acquisition, third parties we or an acquired business works with may delay or defer certain business decisions, seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us or the acquired business, or consider working with a competitor instead; and 
 adverse market reaction to an acquisition, particularly if we are unable to achieve any expected benefits in our results of operation, or if the anticipated benefits are not realized as rapidly or to the extent anticipated or if the transaction costs are greater than expected. 
 In particular, the ongoing integration of Wolt into our business poses heightened risks, including write-offs or restructuring charges, unanticipated costs, regulatory and compliance risk associated with operating in a number of new jurisdictions, operational difficulties, and the loss of key employees. There can be no assurance that the integration will be accomplished effectively or in a timely manner. In addition, the integration of Wolt will subject us to liabilities that may exist at Wolt or may arise in connection with the completion of the acquisition, some of which may be unknown. Although we and our advisers have conducted due diligence on the operations of Wolt and we have certain rights of indemnification, including an escrow of acquisition consideration to secure certain obligations of Wolt's securityholders, there can be no guarantee that we are aware of all liabilities of Wolt or that the amounts in escrow will be sufficient. Further, the escrow consists of shares and therefore, even if we are able to recover from the escrow, we will need to use our cash and resources to pay for the liabilities and damages. These liabilities, and any additional risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition not currently known to us or that we may currently deem immaterial or unlikely to occur, could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our profitability. 
 We have made and may continue to make strategic investments as part of our business strategy. For example, in October 2021, we closed a 395 million investment in preferred shares of a private grocery delivery platform company based in Europe. Strategic investments inherently involve less control over business operations of the investee, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, regulatory, and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or strategic investment. In addition, we may be dependent on partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them and who may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are inconsistent or competitive with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, and may otherwise damage our reputation and brand. Our ability to sell or transfer, or realize value from our investments may be limited by applicable securities laws and regulations. Entry into certain transactions with foreign entities now or in the future may be subject to government regulations, including review related to foreign direct investment by U.S. or foreign government entities. If a transaction with a foreign entity is subject to regulatory review, such regulatory review might limit our ability to enter into the desired strategic alliance and thus our ability to carry out our long-term business strategy. We can provide no assurance that our strategic investments will generate returns for our business, or that we will not lose our initial investment in whole or in part. For example, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, in the course of evaluating our investments, we determined impairment indicators existed for a previously disclosed investment in a grocery delivery platform company. Following a valuation of this investment, we incurred an impairment of 312 million associated with our non-marketable equity securities. 
 If we fail to address the foregoing risks or other problems encountered in connection with past or future acquisitions of, and investments in, businesses, technologies, services, intellectual property, and other assets and arrangements and investments, or if we fail to successfully integrate or otherwise realize the benefits of such acquisitions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our international operations and any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful. 
 We have significant international operations, and we expect to continue to make significant investments in non-U.S. markets as part of our growth strategy. We launched our platform in Canada in 2015, Australia in 2019, Japan and Germany in 2021, and New Zealand in 2022. We continued our expansion in Europe and Asia through our acquisition of Wolt in 2022, which brings the number of countries that we operate in outside the United States to 26. Our operations outside of the United States require significant operating expenses and management attention in order to oversee operations over broad geographic areas with varying regulations, cultural norms, and customs, in addition to placing strain on our finance, analytics, compliance, legal, engineering, and operations teams. Our current international operations and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

our plans for investment in non-U.S. markets subject us to a number of risks and we may not be successful in our international operations for a variety of reasons, including: 
 an inability to recruit and retain talented and capable employees in foreign countries and maintain our company culture across all of our offices; 
 an inability to attract merchants, consumers, and Dashers; 
 competition from local incumbents that better understand the local market, may market and operate more effectively, and may enjoy greater local affinity or awareness; 
 differing demand dynamics, which may make our platform less successful; 
 difficulty localizing, or an inability to localize, services for merchants, Dashers, and consumers in non-U.S. markets; 
 complying with varying laws and regulatory standards across jurisdictions, including with respect to labor and employment, data privacy, data protection, tax, export control and sanctions, public health, payment processing, transactions, and local regulatory restrictions; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting requirements and complexities, including with respect to revenue recognition and similar accounting principles; 
 difficulties with communication and information sharing as a result of communication barriers, cultural norms and customs, and differing legal, compliance, trust and safety, accounting, and financial standards, especially as it relates to compliance with laws, internal controls and processes, and financial reporting; 
 adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added and digital services tax systems, and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; 
 unique and varying terms and conditions in contract negotiations across jurisdictions; 
 varying payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; 
 obtaining any required government approvals, licenses, or other authorizations; 
 varying levels of Internet and mobile technology adoption and infrastructure; 
 currency exchange restrictions or costs; 
 operating in jurisdictions that do not protect intellectual property rights in the same manner or to the same extent as the United States; 
 public health concerns or emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other highly communicable diseases or viruses, outbreaks of which have from time to time occurred, and which may occur, in various parts of the world in which we operate or may operate in the future; and 
 limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds as well as foreign currency exchange restrictions. 
 Our limited experience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake may not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our operations internationally and are unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, international expansion may subject our business to broader economic, political, and other international risks, including economic volatility, security risks, and geopolitical conflicts, and may increase our risks in complying with various laws and standards, including with respect to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, export controls, and trade and economic sanctions such as U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions and similar European Union ("EU") sanctions. For example, the civil unrest in Kazakhstan required Wolt to temporally suspend its business operations in the country due to safety and security concerns, as well as the unavailability of, and significant disruptions to, Internet service. While we have been able to resume business operations in Kazakhstan, such events may occur in the future in other countries or regions leading to similar disruptions. In addition, Wolt's operations in markets that are in close proximity to Russia increases the difficulty in complying with trade and economic sanction regimes related to business with Russia. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Our pricing methodologies are impacted by a number of factors and ultimately may not be successful in attracting and retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers. Price controls on local commerce platforms will have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Demand for our platform is highly sensitive to a range of factors, including the price of the goods delivered, the amount of compensation and gratuities required to attract and retain Dashers, incentives paid to Dashers, and the fees and commissions we charge merchants and consumers. Many factors, including operating costs, legal and regulatory requirements, constraints or changes, and our current and future competitors pricing and marketing strategies, could significantly affect our pricing strategies. For example, fees and commissions charged by local commerce platforms have been under increased scrutiny and are expected to continue to be subject to political and public debate in the jurisdictions in which we and our subsidiaries operate. Many jurisdictions in which we have operations have price control measures in effect on local commerce platforms and we expect other such measures may be enacted in the future. These price controls have caused, and may in the future cause, us to increase the fees we charge to consumers. To the extent that price control measures lead to an increase in the fees we charge to consumers, consumer demand for our services could be reduced, which would further harm our business and results of operations. Our risks related to price controls are described in more detail under Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations globally, including those related to worker classification, Dasher pay, and merchant pricing and commissions, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations and subject us to legal claims . 
 Certain of our competitors offer, or may in the future offer, lower-priced or a broader range of offerings. Similarly, certain competitors may use marketing strategies that enable them to attract and retain new merchants, consumers, and Dashers at a lower cost than us. There can be no assurance that we will not be forced, through competition, regulation, or otherwise, to reduce the price of delivery for consumers, increase the incentives we pay to Dashers that utilize our platform, further reduce the fees and commissions we charge merchants, or increase our marketing and other expenses to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers in response to competitive pressures. We have launched, and may in the future launch, new pricing strategies and initiatives, including Dasher or consumer loyalty programs, such as our membership products like DashPass and Wolt+, or modify existing pricing methodologies or the way in which fees, taxes, or similar items are presented on our platform, any of which may not ultimately be successful in attracting and retaining merchants, consumers, or Dashers and which may result in lower commissions or fees, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, our consumers price sensitivity may vary by geographic location, and as we expand, our business model and pricing methodologies may not be competitive in these locations. As a result, our continued international expansion may require us to change our operations and pricing strategies to adjust to different cultural norms, including with respect to consumer pricing and gratuities. 
 Our assessments about optimal pricing strategy may not be accurate and may not enable us to compete in the categories and regions in which we operate effectively. There may also be errors or defects in the technology we use to set our prices, which could result in underpricing or overpricing our services. In addition, if the services on our platform change, then we may need to revise our pricing methodologies. Any such pricing assumptions, technological errors or defects in pricing, or changes to our pricing methodology could adversely affect demand for our platform, our brand and reputation, and results of operations. 
 We face certain risks associated with our pay models for Dashers. 
 Our pay models for Dashers in the United States, particularly with respect to tips for Dashers, has previously led, and may continue to lead, to negative publicity, lawsuits, arbitration demands, and government inquiries. For example, under a former pay model for Dashers in the United States, we would increase the amount paid to Dashers on a delivery in cases when a consumer left little or no tip. Although this boost pay was intended to help Dashers by making every delivery economically worthwhile, it also had the unintended effect of causing some people to be under the misimpression that not all tips were being received by Dashers. Government authorities have brought claims against us related to our former DoorDash Dasher pay model and may bring similar claims in the future. For example, on November 19, 2019, the District of Columbia filed an action in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia alleging violations of the District of Columbia s Consumer Protection Procedures Act with respect to our former DoorDash Dasher pay model and on November 30, 2020, the court entered a consent order and judgment to resolve the litigation. We could face similar claims related to our former DoorDash Dasher pay model from other government authorities in the future. 
 We have also launched, and may in the future launch, changes to the rates and fee structure for Dashers that utilize our platform, which may not ultimately be successful in attracting and retaining Dashers and may result in negative publicity. For example, we increased the amount we pay to DoorDash Dashers per order when we changed our pay model in September 2019, but this pay model also causes less consistency in earnings across deliveries in some cases. Further, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

this pay model has resulted in, and in the future may result in, negative publicity related to perceptions of its complexity, inconsistency in earnings for Dashers, and lack of flexibility in the ways consumers can leave tips, and as a result, we may not be successful in attracting and retaining merchants, consumers, and Dashers. In the future, based on a variety of factors, including legal and regulatory changes and expansion into new categories and geographies, we may change our Dasher pay models again. Our current Dasher pay models, and any future changes to our pay models or our ability to cost-effectively acquire and retain Dashers, could result in an increase to the fees we charge to consumers, which in turn could affect our ability to attract and retain consumers, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Further, while we maintain that Dashers that utilize our platform are independent contractors, there is a risk that Dashers may be reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law or laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. As discussed further elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have been involved in and continue to be involved in numerous legal proceedings related to Dasher classification in the United States, and such proceedings have increased in volume since the California Supreme Court s 2018 ruling in Dynamex Operations West, Inc. v. Superior Court Dynamex ), including an action brought by the San Francisco District Attorney in June 2020. Certain risks related to reclassification of Dashers that use our platform are described in more detail under If Dashers that utilize our platform are reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law , or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate , our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected . A reclassification of Dashers as employees could require us to revise our pricing methodologies and Dasher pay models to account for such a change to Dasher classification, and to make other substantive internal adjustments to account for any transition of a subset of Dashers to employment positions, which would have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Since 2013, we have experienced rapid growth in our employee headcount, the number of users on our platform, our geographic reach, and our operations, and we expect to continue to experience growth in the future. We have experienced rapid employee headcount growth at our San Francisco headquarters, in a number of our offices across the United States, internationally, and with employees working remotely globally. We have also expanded our presence, both in employee headcount and operationally, in Europe and Asia through our acquisition of Wolt. This growth has placed, and may continue to place, substantial demands on management and our operational and financial infrastructure. 
 Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as a result of our rapid growth, including at Wolt and other companies we may acquire, could result in errors in our consolidated financial statements that could result in a restatement of our financial statements, and could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, any of which could diminish investor confidence in us and could cause a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. We will need to continue to improve our operational and financial infrastructure in order to manage our business effectively and accurately report our results of operations. Similarly, our failure to implement and maintain effective data and information security systems with respect to our platform as we grow could result in breaches, security incidents, theft or fraud, service disruptions, loss of user confidence in our platform, legal claims, regulatory investigations, and damage to our reputation or brand, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have made, and intend to continue to make, substantial investments in our technology, customer service, and sales and marketing infrastructure. Our ability to manage our growth effectively and to integrate new employees, technologies, services, and acquisitions into our existing business will require us to continue to expand our operational and financial infrastructure and to continue to effectively integrate, develop, and motivate a large number of new employees, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our culture. Continued growth could challenge our ability to develop and improve our operational, financial, and management controls, enhance our reporting systems and procedures, recruit, train, and retain highly skilled personnel, and maintain user satisfaction. Additionally, if we do not manage the growth of our business and operations effectively, the quality of our platform and the efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could adversely affect our reputation and brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Growth of our business will depend on a strong reputation and brand, and any failure to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to retain or expand our base of merchants, consumers, and Dashers and our ability to increase their level of engagement. 
 We believe that building a strong reputation and brand and continuing to increase the strength of the local network effects among the merchants, consumers, and Dashers that use our platform are critical to our ability to attract and retain all three constituencies and increase their engagement with our platform and will only become more important as competition in 
 22 

Table of Contents 

our industry further intensifies. Similarly, maintaining and enhancing the Wolt reputation and brand will be particularly important for our continued growth in Europe and Asia. Successfully maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our reputation and brand and increasing the local network effects of our platform will depend on the success of our marketing efforts, our ability to provide consistent, high-quality services and support, and our ability to successfully secure, maintain, and defend our rights to use the DoorDash and "Wolt" marks, our logos, and other trademarks important to our brand, as well as a number of other factors, many of which are outside our control. We believe that our paid marketing initiatives have been critical in promoting awareness of our platform, which in turn drives new user growth and engagement, but future marketing efforts may not be successful or cost-effective. Our users have a wide variety of options for delivery of goods, including other local commerce platforms and services, and consumer preferences may also change from time to time. To expand our user base, we must appeal to new users who may have historically used other methods of delivering goods or other local commerce platforms. 
 Our reputation, brand, and ability to build trust with existing and new merchants, consumers, and Dashers may be adversely affected by complaints and negative publicity about us, our platform, merchants, and Dashers that utilize our platform or our competitors platforms, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents. The effect of negative publicity could be exacerbated to the extent dissatisfaction with, or complaints concerning, us are disseminated via social media, due to its immediacy and accessibility as a means of communication. Any such expressions of dissatisfaction or complaints, even if ultimately concluded to be unfounded or successfully resolved without direct adverse financial effects, could still harm our brand, reputation, and local network effects. Negative perception of our platform or company may result from: 
 complaints or negative publicity about us, our platform, services or items provided through our platform, including highly regulated products, Dashers, merchants, consumers, or our policies and guidelines, including Dasher pay; 
 missing or incorrect items, inaccurate orders, or cancelled orders; 
 fraud; 
 illegal, negligent, reckless, or otherwise inappropriate behavior by users or third parties; 
 food tampering or inappropriate or unsanitary food preparation, handling, or delivery; 
 traffic accidents caused by, or involving, Dashers or employee couriers or death or serious injury involving a Dasher or employee couriers or any party associated with us; 
 a pandemic or an outbreak of disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, in which constituencies of our network become infected; 
 a failure to provide Dashers with a sufficient level of orders or otherwise pay Dashers competitively; 
 a failure to offer consumers competitive pricing and delivery times; 
 a failure to provide a range of delivery options sought by consumers; 
 a failure to provide environmentally friendly delivery and packaging options; 
 actual or perceived disruptions to or defects in our platform or similar incidents, such as privacy or data security breaches or other security incidents, site outages, payment disruptions, or other incidents that impact the reliability of our services; 
 litigation over, or investigations by regulators into, our platform; 
 users lack of awareness of, or compliance with, our policies; 
 changes to our policies that users or others perceive as overly restrictive, unclear, inconsistent with our values or mission, or not clearly articulated; 
 a failure to comply with legal, tax, privacy, and regulatory requirements, including violations of food information and alcohol delivery age verification regulations; 
 changes to our practices with respect to collection and use of consumer, merchant, and Dasher data; 
 a failure to enforce our policies in a manner that users perceive as effective, fair, and transparent; 
 a failure to operate our business in a way that is consistent with our values and mission; 
 inadequate or unsatisfactory user support experiences; 
 illegal or otherwise inappropriate behavior by our management team or other employees or contractors; 
 negative responses by merchants, consumers, or Dashers to new services on our platform; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

a failure to register and prevent misappropriation of our trademarks; 
 perception of our treatment of employees, merchants, consumers, and Dashers and our response to employee, merchant, consumer, and Dasher sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of management; 
 our operations in regions that are or become subject to geopolitical instability, conflict, or economic sanctions, and any negative consequences of such operations to us, our merchants, consumers, or Dashers; or 
 any of the foregoing with respect to our competitors, to the extent such resulting negative perception affects the public s perception of us or our industry as a whole. 
 If we do not successfully develop, protect, and enhance our reputation and brand and increase the local network effects of our platform, our business may not grow, and we may not be able to compete effectively. If existing and new merchants and consumers do not perceive the delivery services provided by Dashers that utilize our platform to be reliable, safe, and affordable, or if we fail to offer new and relevant services and features on our platform, we may not be able to attract or retain merchants, consumers, or Dashers or to increase their use of our platform, any of which we expect would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, changes we may make to enhance and improve our platform and balance the needs and interests of merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform may be viewed positively from one group s perspective but negatively from another group s perspective, or may not be viewed positively by any group. If we fail to balance the interests of merchants, consumers, and Dashers or make changes that they view negatively, merchants, consumers, and Dashers may stop or reduce usage of our platform or use alternative platforms, any of which could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Outbreaks of contagious diseases, viruses or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could disrupt our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Outbreaks of contagious diseases, viruses, or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and related mitigation efforts have disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, our business. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or outbreak of disease, on our business will depend on factors that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as the availability of effective vaccines, regulatory actions impacting merchant operations, consumer and merchant pricing, Dasher pay, and our product offerings, and changes to consumer behavior or spending patterns. 
 We may also be adversely affected as a result of the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic or any other future outbreak of disease could have on our third-party providers and merchants. Merchants may experience temporary closures of their businesses, supply chain delays, labor shortages, and the unavailability of certain products, which could cause merchants to limit their operating hours or cease operations entirely, impact the selection available on our platform, and disrupt our ability to operate. To the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or a similar public health threat has an impact on our business, it is likely to also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 Unfavorable media coverage could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are the subject of media coverage from time to time. Unfavorable publicity regarding our business model, Dasher pay models, user support, technology, platform policies, platform changes, platform quality, delivery issues, privacy or security practices, management team, compliance with laws and regulations, or the health and safety of Dashers, employee couriers, merchants, and consumers using our platform could adversely affect our reputation. Such negative publicity could also harm the size of our network and the engagement and loyalty of merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, we have previously received negative media coverage related to the manner in which Dashers were compensated, in particular with respect to gratuities, concerns related to food tampering and general food safety and quality, and concerns regarding the safety of Dashers, consumers, and merchants using our platform, which has adversely affected our reputation and brand. As our platform continues to scale and public awareness of our brand increases, any future issues that draw media coverage could have an amplified negative effect on our reputation and brand. In addition, negative publicity related to key brands, influencers, or other third parties that we have partnered with or may partner with in the future may damage our reputation, even if the publicity is not directly related to us. Any negative publicity that we may receive could diminish confidence in, and the use of, our platform, which could adversely affect our business. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We have been subject to cybersecurity incidents in the past and anticipate being the target of future attacks. Any actual or perceived cybersecurity incident or security or privacy breach could interrupt our operations, harm our brand, subject us to claims, litigation, regulatory investigations and liability, and adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business involves the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of personal data and other sensitive and proprietary data of our merchants, consumers, and Dashers. Additionally, we maintain sensitive and proprietary data relating to our business, including our own proprietary data and personal data relating to our employees. Cybersecurity incidents are increasing in severity and sophistication and can originate with external actors or with our employees and contractors, whether acting maliciously or by inadvertently providing access to an external party or having their credentials compromised by an external party. Further, due to the current geopolitical environment, there is heightened risk of cybersecurity incidents sponsored by state actors, which could target businesses. These incidents can originate on our vendors systems, which can be leveraged to access our websites, platforms, and data, including personal data. We and our vendors have previously experienced these types of breaches and other incidents. For example, in August 2022, we reported an incident affecting one of our vendors that resulted in unauthorized access to personal data of certain consumers and Dashers. In addition, in December 2021, we investigated and patched Log4j vulnerabilities that, if exploited, could have allowed for unauthorized remote code execution in our systems. We have undertaken steps to enhance our data security and governance program, which include adding security layers around data, improving access controls, hiring additional personnel with data security experience, and using outside expertise to identify and repel threats. We cannot assure you that all potential causes of these incidents have been identified and remediated or will not lead to recurrence or other incidents. 
 Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or to sabotage information systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our vendors, we and our vendors may be unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventive measures, and we and our vendors may face delays in our detection or remediation of, or other responses to, breaches and other incidents. Unauthorized parties have in the past gained access, and may in the future gain access, to systems used in our business through various means, including gaining unauthorized access to the systems of merchants, consumers, and Dashers that use our platform. In addition, there may be attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, merchants, consumers, Dashers, vendors, or others into disclosing user names, passwords, payment card information, or other sensitive information resulting in the fraudulent transfer of funds to bad actors. With the prevalence of remote work, we may be exposed to increased risks of breaches or incidents via such methods. 
 Although we have taken measures to protect our systems and the data in our possession, these measures have not fully protected our systems in the past and cannot guarantee security in the future. Our IT and infrastructure may be vulnerable to viruses, social engineering, vulnerabilities, denial of service, credential stuffing, ransomware and other malware, employee error and malfeasance, and other sources of disruption, and unauthorized parties may be able to access data, including personal data and other sensitive and proprietary data, through those systems. Although we have policies restricting the access to the personal data we store, these policies may not be effective in all cases. Any actual or perceived breach or similar incident could interrupt our operations, harm our reputation, brand, and competitive position, result in our platform being unavailable, loss or improper access to, or unavailability of, data, fraudulent transfer of funds, regulatory investigations, proceedings, and significant legal, regulatory, and financial exposure. Any such incidents or any perception that our security measures are inadequate could lead to loss of merchant, consumer, or Dasher confidence in, or decreased use of, our platform, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, any cyberattacks or actual or perceived breaches or other incidents directed at, or suffered by, our competitors could reduce confidence in our industry as a whole and, as a result, reduce confidence in us. 
 Any actual or perceived breach or other security incident, impacting any entities with which we share or disclose data (including, for example, our vendors) could have similar effects. Our ability to monitor our vendors security measures is limited. There have been and may continue to be significant supply chain attacks, and we cannot guarantee that our or our vendors systems have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities that could result in an incident, breach, or other disruption to, our or our vendors systems. 
 Additionally, defending against claims or litigation based on any breach or incident, regardless of their merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. While we maintain cyber insurance that may help provide coverage for these types of incidents and resulting claims, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities incurred relating to any breach or incident, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of any claim against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases 
 25 

Table of Contents 

or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The on-demand local commerce category is still in relatively early stages of growth, and if this category does not continue to grow, or grows slower than we expect, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The on-demand local commerce category has grown rapidly since we launched our platform in 2013, but it is still relatively new, and it is uncertain to what extent market acceptance will continue to grow, if at all. The markets for certain services we facilitate, in particular convenience, grocery, advertising, and certain other categories, may be in even earlier stages of development than our restaurant category, and it is uncertain whether demand for these services will continue to grow and achieve wide market acceptance, if at all. In addition, through our acquisition of Wolt, we have entered many geographies where the development of the on-demand local commerce category may be at different stages of market acceptance. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of people to widely adopt on-demand local commerce platforms. Changing traditional ordering habits is difficult, and if merchants and consumers do not embrace the transition to on-demand local commerce platforms as we expect, including as a result of concerns regarding safety, affordability, or for other reasons, whether as a result of incidents on our platform or on our competitors platforms or otherwise, or instead adopt alternative solutions that may arise, then the market for our platform may not further develop or may develop slower than we expect, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are committed to expanding our platform and enhancing the DoorDash experience, which may not maximize short-term financial results and may yield results that conflict with the market s expectations, which could result in our stock price being adversely affected. 
 We are passionate about expanding our platform and continually enhancing the DoorDash experience, with a focus on driving long-term engagement through innovation, the expansion of our platform and services, and providing high-quality support, which may not necessarily maximize short-term financial results. We frequently make business decisions that may negatively impact our short-term financial results when we believe that the decisions are consistent with our goals to improve the DoorDash experience, which we believe will improve our financial results over the long term. These decisions may not be consistent with the short-term expectations of our stockholders and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our growth, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activity of merchants, consumers, or Dashers, whether or not occurring while using our platform, could expose us to liability and adversely affect our business, brand, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities by merchants, consumers, or Dashers, including the activities of individuals who may have previously engaged with, but are not then receiving or providing services offered through, our platform or individuals who are intentionally impersonating consumers or Dashers, have occurred, and in the future may occur, which could adversely affect our brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. These activities include food tampering, inappropriate or unsanitary food preparation, handling, or delivery, including the use of unsafe or inappropriate delivery equipment, assault, battery, theft, unauthorized use of credit and debit cards or bank accounts, sharing of consumer accounts, registering Dasher accounts with us with stolen personal information, consumer identity theft, and other misconduct. Such activities may result in injuries, property damage, or loss of life for consumers and third parties, or business interruptions, reputational and brand damage, or other significant liabilities for us. 
 We have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, losses from various types of fraud, including use of stolen or fraudulent credit card data, referral fraud by both consumers and Dashers, fraud with respect to background checks, fraud by employees or agents relating to payments or credits on our platform, attempted payments by consumers with insufficient funds, exploitation of system bugs or vulnerabilities to circumvent payment requirements, fraud committed by consumers in concert with Dashers, and account takeovers of Dasher accounts by bad actors. Bad actors use increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving personal information, such as unauthorized use of another person s identity, account information, or payment information and unauthorized acquisition or use of credit or debit card details, bank account information, and mobile phone numbers. For example, bad actors have created Dasher accounts using other people s stolen personal identifying information to commit fraud on our platform and for other illicit purposes. Among other things, in the United States, this has caused Form 1099s to be incorrectly sent to individuals who are not performing services as Dashers. We have launched a series of initiatives and product changes to help prevent these practices, but there can be no assurances that our efforts will be successful in fully remediating this or similar issues. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Under current credit card practices, we may be liable for orders facilitated on our platform with fraudulent credit card data, even if the associated financial institution approved the credit card transaction. Despite measures we have taken to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent or other malicious activity on our platform, we cannot guarantee that any of our measures will be effective or will scale efficiently with our business. Our failure to adequately detect or prevent fraudulent transactions could harm our reputation or brand, result in litigation or regulatory action, and lead to expenses that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 While we have implemented various measures intended to anticipate, identify, and address the risk of these types of illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities of merchants, consumers, and Dashers, these measures may not adequately address or prevent all such activity from occurring and such conduct could expose us to liability, including through litigation, or adversely affect our brand or reputation. For example, Dashers whose accounts we have deactivated from our platform may nevertheless find a way to create a new account on our platform and perform deliveries. At the same time, if the measures we have taken to guard against these illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities, such as our requirement that all Dashers undergo a background check where permitted by applicable law, are too restrictive and inadvertently prevent Dashers and consumers otherwise in good standing from using our platform, or if we are unable to implement and communicate these measures fairly and transparently or are perceived to have failed to do so, or if our competitors do not adopt similar measures, the growth and engagement of the number of Dashers and consumers on our platform and their use of our platform could be adversely affected. In addition, our ability to adopt measures to anticipate, identify, and address illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activity may be particularly limited with our Self-Delivery service, which enables merchants on our Marketplaces to fulfill orders with their own delivery fleets. These delivery providers are retained directly by merchants, and as a result, we do not conduct background checks on such providers or engage in any of the other activities that are a part of the typical onboarding process for Dashers on our platform. Any negative publicity related to incidents involving illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities, or the measures we adopt to mitigate the risk of such incidents, whether such incident occurred on our platform or on our competitors platforms, could adversely affect our reputation and brand or public perception of our industry as a whole, which could negatively affect demand for platforms like ours, and potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our platform facilitates deliveries to consumers from non-partner merchants, and we face certain risks associated with these deliveries. 
 We aim to have a broad selection of merchants on our platform, which sometimes includes facilitating deliveries to consumers from non-partner merchants. Facilitating deliveries from non-partner merchants is generally less operationally efficient than doing so with partner merchants, as our platform is not integrated with non-partner merchants systems. As a result, we generally experience higher operational expenses for each order and a higher likelihood of errors. The occurrence of any errors, delays with orders, or other problems associated with facilitating deliveries with non-partner merchants could create a negative perception of our platform and cause damage to our reputation and brand. 
 Some non-partner merchants may not want to be included on our platform and may request to be removed. There is a risk that non-partner merchants will bring legal claims against us relating to their inclusion on our platform. For example, in 2015, In-N-Out Burger filed a complaint against us claiming unfair competition, among other claims, and sought a permanent injunction to stop us from delivering their food. In addition, measures have been enacted in many U.S. jurisdictions that prohibit, among other things, on-demand local commerce platforms like ours from facilitating deliveries from restaurants without the restaurants prior consent. We have adopted internal policies pursuant to which we generally do not add new non-partner restaurants for delivery on our platform in the United States and require the use of disclaimers with existing non-partner restaurants on our platform in the United States to inform consumers that such restaurants are not partnered with us. However, we continue to add non-partner merchants in categories other than restaurants. In the future, we may continue to revise and update our internal policies related to non-partner restaurants and other merchants. To the extent we are required or we choose to remove non-partner merchants for any reason, this may adversely affect our ability to provide a broad selection of merchants on our platform, attract and retain consumers and could directly and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we do not continue to innovate and further develop our platform, our platform developments do not perform, or we are not able to keep pace with technological developments, we may not remain competitive and our business and results of operations could suffer. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to continue to innovate and further develop our platform. To remain competitive, we must continuously enhance and improve the functionality and features of our platform, including our websites and mobile applications and the suite of merchant services that we offer through our platform. If we fail to expand the suite of merchant services that we offer through our platform, or if we fail to continuously enhance and 
 27 

Table of Contents 

improve our existing merchant services, our ability to retain and acquire merchants could be adversely affected. To compete effectively, we must also provide a convenient, efficient, and reliable consumer experience on our platform, and we may be unable to effectively address consumer needs or identify emerging consumer trends. If competitors introduce new features, offerings, or technologies, or if new industry standards and practices or consumer trends emerge, our existing technology, services, websites, and mobile applications may become less popular or obsolete. For example, our competitors may develop and commercialize autonomous and drone delivery technologies at scale before we or our partners do. In the event that our competitors bring autonomous or drone delivery to market before we do, or their technology is, or is perceived to be, superior to our or our partners technology, they may be able to leverage such technology to compete more effectively with us, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our future success could depend on our ability to invest in, develop, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner. 
 We have scaled our business rapidly and significant new platform features and services have in the past resulted in, and in the future may continue to result in, operational challenges affecting our business. Developing and launching enhancements to, and new services on, our platform may involve significant technical risks, the time and attention of our personnel, including management and key employees, and upfront capital investments that may not generate return on investment. We may use new technologies ineffectively, or we may fail to adapt to emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new or enhanced platform features and services or if our recently introduced offerings do not perform in accordance with our expectations, the merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform may forego the use of our services in favor of those of our competitors. 
 We face certain risks with our convenience, grocery, and other retail operations in connection with our self-operated convenience and grocery stores. 
 We face certain risks in connection with the operation of DashMart and Wolt Market, our first-party owned and self-operated convenience and grocery delivery businesses. To build and expand DashMart and Wolt Market, we have made substantial investments, including in establishing and managing a reliable supply chain for groceries, including the maintenance of a cold chain to ensure food safety and hygiene, establishing supply-related contractual partnerships, inventory management, leasing premises, hiring personnel, and rolling out relevant technologies and processes. We also plan to continue to invest in such businesses in the future. The maintenance and expansion of our DashMart and Wolt Market businesses requires significant investments, and there is no assurance that we will realize any of the anticipated benefits. In locations where we operate DashMart and Wolt Market, we may not be able to generate a sufficient number of orders to make such services viable in certain locations and we may incur significant costs before we can determine the viability of these DashMart and Wolt Market locations. Our self-operated retail locations also expose us to different regulatory requirements and risks than our Marketplaces and Platform Services, in particular with respect to food safety, alcoholic beverage licenses, and zoning restrictions. Our expansion into convenience, grocery, and other retail categories, may also result in the diversion of management s attention from other business opportunities as well as the diversion of resources from support functions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our marketing efforts to help grow our business may not be effective. 
 Promoting awareness of our platform is important to our ability to grow our business and to attract new merchants, consumers, and Dashers and can be costly. We believe that much of the growth in the number of merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform is attributable to our paid marketing initiatives. Our marketing efforts currently include referrals, affiliate programs, free or discount trials, partnerships, display advertising, television, billboards, radio, video, direct mail, social media, email, podcasts, hiring and classified advertisement websites, mobile push communications, search engine optimization, and keyword search campaigns. Our marketing initiatives may become increasingly expensive and generating a meaningful return on these initiatives may be difficult. Even if we successfully increase revenue as a result of our paid marketing efforts, it may not offset the additional marketing expenses we incur. If our marketing efforts to help grow our business are not effective, we expect that our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to maintain or improve the cost-effectiveness of our local commerce platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to provide a cost-effective local commerce platform depends on a number of factors, including Dasher efficiency and Dasher pay. Dasher efficiency relies on the technology that powers our platform and while we continue to make significant investments to improve the efficiency and sophistication of our technology, including enhancements to demand prediction, forecasting food preparation times at merchants, and optimizing our routing and batching algorithms, there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful and produce the resulting gains in efficiency to our platform that 
 28 

Table of Contents 

we expect, or at all. Dasher pay is a major component of the cost of our business and subject to a number of risks, including changes to our Dasher pay models and changes in macroeconomic conditions. The cost effectiveness of our platform would also be adversely affected if our operational and technological improvements do not reduce the number of defective orders and accordingly our cost of revenue and refunds and credits. If we are unable to maintain or improve the cost effectiveness of our platform, including with respect to Dasher efficiency and Dasher pay, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality support may harm our relationships with merchants, consumers, and Dashers and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers is dependent in part on our ability to provide high-quality support. Merchants, consumers, and Dashers depend on our support organization to resolve any issues relating to our platform. We rely on third parties to provide some support services and our ability to provide effective support is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain third-party service providers who are not only qualified to support users of our platform but are also well versed in our platform. As we continue to grow our business and improve our offerings, we will face challenges related to providing high-quality support services at scale. Additionally, as we continue to grow our international business and the number of non-U.S. based users on our platform, our support organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support in languages other than English and in ways consistent with the customs and dominant technologies used in the various geographies in which we operate. Any failure to maintain high-quality support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our ability to scale our platform and business, our financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We experience significant seasonal fluctuations in our financial results, which could cause our Class A common stock price to fluctuate. 
 Our business is highly dependent on consumer spending habits and Dasher behavior patterns, each of which have a significant impact on our growth and expenses. We may experience changes in consumer activity over the course of the calendar year, although our rapid growth and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has made, and may continue to make, seasonal fluctuations difficult to detect. For example, consumer activity may be impacted by weather. Colder or more inclement weather may increase consumer demand, while warmer or sunny weather may decrease consumer demand. In contrast, the number of available Dashers may decrease during periods of cold or inclement weather, during times when we need more Dashers available to fulfill orders driven by increased consumer demand. In such instances, we typically rely on incentive pay to attract sufficient Dashers to maintain the quality of our platform, which increases our costs. Further, severe weather can cause businesses, including restaurants, to close, making it impossible for Dashers to fulfill deliveries. We also benefit from increased order volume in our campus markets when school is in session, and we experience a decrease in order volume when school is not in session and during summer breaks and other vacation periods, causing a decrease in Dasher pay and adverse effects to our results of operations during impacted periods. Seasonality will likely cause fluctuations in our financial results on a quarterly basis. In addition, other seasonal trends may develop and the existing seasonal trends that we experience may become more pronounced and contribute to greater fluctuations in our results of operations as we continue to scale and our growth slows. As such, we may not accurately forecast our results of operations and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our revenue is less than expected, causing our results of operations to fail to meet our expectations or the expectations of investors. 
 The impact of adverse economic conditions and other trends, including the resulting effects on consumer spending and merchant operations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our performance is subject to variable global economic conditions in the regions in which we do business and their impact on levels of consumer spending. Some of the factors that may impact consumer spending on our platform include general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer debt, fluctuations in household net worth, inflation generally, fluctuations in gasoline, vehicle, and transportation costs, increased food costs, fluctuations in commodity prices, declines in asset prices, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, energy prices, changes in interest rates and credit availability, consumer confidence, uncertainty regarding the current and future political and economic environment, and other macroeconomic factors. Economic conditions in certain regions may also be affected or exacerbated by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, wildfires, and threats to public health, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Consumer purchases, particularly of discretionary items, may decline during recessions and other periods in which disposable income is adversely affected, periods of economic uncertainty, or when there is a loss of consumer confidence in the economy. Consumers may choose to reduce their spending on our platform or forego spending on our platform 
 29 

Table of Contents 

altogether. Further, because spending on our platform is generally considered to be discretionary, we expect that any decline in consumer spending would have a disproportionate effect on our business relative to those businesses that sell products or services considered to be necessities. If spending on our platform declines, or grows at a slower rate, including as a result of reduced discretionary consumer spending, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 In addition, merchants on our platform may be negatively impacted by supply chain issues, labor shortages, inflation, or other macroeconomic factors. Labor shortages and supply chain issues at merchants could negatively impact their ability to fulfill orders, which could negatively impact volume on our Marketplaces and in our Drive business. Inflationary pressures could drive merchant prices higher, which could negatively impact consumer demand and drive lower order volume on our Marketplaces and in our Drive business. Small businesses that do not have substantial resources, like many of the merchants on our platform, tend to be more adversely affected by poor economic conditions than large businesses. If merchants on our platform, including our small business merchants, cease operations, temporarily or permanently, or face financial distress or other business disruption, we may not be able to provide consumers with sufficient merchant selection, and they may be less likely to use our platform. 
 As our business has grown, including in connection with our acquisition of Wolt, we have increasingly become subject to risks arising from adverse global economic and political conditions, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine. While our business does not operate in Russia or Ukraine, we have operations in countries that border Russia and Ukraine and are exposed to the economic impacts of that conflict on the region. Russia s invasion of Ukraine has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on macroeconomic conditions in the region and give rise to volatility and instability in a manner that adversely affects our business and merchants, consumers, and Dashers on our platform. Russia s invasion of Ukraine could also negatively impact consumer confidence and spending globally and in the neighboring countries in which we operate, disrupt supply chains, and drive inflationary cost increases for labor, fuel, materials, food, and services, all of which may negatively impact our business. 
 We may face difficulties as we expand our operations into new geographic markets and categories in which we have limited or no prior operating experience. 
 Our capacity for continued growth depends in part on our ability to expand our operations into, and compete effectively in, new geographic markets and categories. It may be difficult for us to understand and accurately predict consumer preferences and purchasing habits in these new geographic markets and categories. In addition, each market and category has unique regulatory dynamics. These include laws and regulations that can directly or indirectly affect our ability to operate, the pool of Dashers that are available, and our costs associated with insurance, support, fraud, and onboarding new Dashers. In addition, each market and category is subject to distinct competitive and operational dynamics. These include our ability to offer more attractive services than alternative options and our ability to efficiently attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers, all of which affect our sales, results of operations, and key business metrics. As a result, we may experience fluctuations in our results of operations due to the changing dynamics in the geographic markets and categories in which we operate. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our operations and are unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. For more information on risks associated with entry into new markets internationally see the section titled Our international operations and any future international expansion will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful. For more information on risks associated with the entry into new categories see the section titled We face certain risks in expanding our convenience, grocery, and other retail operations, especially in connection with our self-operated convenience and grocery stores . 
 We are subject to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk as a result of our operations in foreign countries. When conducting business in foreign countries, including through Wolt and our other subsidiaries and affiliates, such business is typically denominated in the local currency of the respective country. Our most significant foreign currency exposure is currently to the euro, the Canadian dollar, the Israeli shekel, the Australian dollar, and the Japanese yen. Because our financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, local currencies will be converted into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements, thereby increasing the foreign exchange translation risk. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We depend on our highly skilled employees to grow and operate our business, and if we are unable to hire, retain, manage, and motivate our employees, or if our new employees do not perform as we anticipate, we may not be able to grow effectively and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our future success will depend in part on the continued service of our founders, senior management team, key technical employees, and other highly skilled employees, including Tony Xu, our co-founder and Chief Executive Officer, and on our ability to continue to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain talented employees. We may not be able to retain the services of any of our employees or other members of senior management in the future. Also, all of our U.S.-based employees, including our senior management team and Mr. Xu, work for us on an at-will basis, and there is no assurance that any such employee will remain with us. Our competitors may be successful in recruiting and hiring members of our management team or other key employees, and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms, or at all. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary employees, particularly in critical areas of our business, we may not achieve our strategic goals. In addition, from time to time, there may be changes in our senior management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our senior management team fails to work together effectively and to execute its plans and strategies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We face intense competition for highly skilled employees, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area where we have a substantial presence and need for highly skilled employees. To attract and retain top talent, we have had to offer, and we believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages. Job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in response to various factors and may not appreciate. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines for this or other reasons, it may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees. Certain of our employees have received significant proceeds from sales of our equity in private transactions and many of our employees have received, and may in the future receive, significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees and expend significant time and resources to identify, recruit, train, and integrate such employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. If we are unable to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts, and employee morale, productivity, and engagement could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain and evolve our culture as we grow, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We believe that our company culture, which promotes authenticity, empathy, support for others, and bias for action, has been critical to our success. We face a number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate culture, including: 
 failure to identify, attract, reward, and retain people in leadership positions in our organization who share and further our culture, values, and mission; 
 the increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce; 
 an increasing share of our workforce working remotely, on hybrid schedules, and spending less time collaborating in offices; 
 the integration of new personnel and businesses from acquisitions, including in the case of our acquisition of Wolt; 
 competitive pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our mission, vision, and values; 
 the continued challenges of a rapidly evolving industry; 
 the increasing need to develop expertise in new areas of business that affect us; and 
 negative perception of our treatment of employees, merchants, consumers, and Dashers or our response to employee sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of management. 
 Any of the foregoing factors may be further exacerbated as a result of the reduction in workforce that was disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K on December 1, 2022. If we are not able to maintain and evolve our culture, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting, which includes hiring additional accounting and financial personnel to implement such processes and controls. 
 In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. If any of these new or improved controls and systems, or the existing systems and third-party software applications that we rely on for financial reporting, do not perform as expected, we may experience further deficiencies in our controls and we may not be able to meet our financial reporting obligations. We also need to implement, integrate, and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting at companies we acquire, including in the case of our acquisition of Wolt, and any failure to do so could impact our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. 
 Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and could cause a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 We may not timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology and network infrastructure to ensure that our platform is accessible, which would adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve the availability of our platform and to enable rapid releases of new features and services. However, it may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the availability of our platform, especially during peak usage times and as our platform becomes more complex and our user traffic increases. If our platform is unavailable when merchants, consumers, and Dashers attempt to access it or it does not load as quickly as they expect or it experiences capacity constraints due to an excessive number of users accessing our platform simultaneously, users may seek other offerings, and may not return to our platform as often in the future, or at all. This would adversely affect our ability to attract merchants, consumers, and Dashers and decrease the frequency with which they use our platform. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, or continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and 
 32 

Table of Contents 

anticipated changes in technology, our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Defects, errors, or vulnerabilities in our applications, backend systems, or other technology systems and those of third-party technology providers could harm our reputation and brand and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The software underlying our platform is highly complex and may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may only be discovered after the code has been released. Our practice is to effect frequent releases of software updates, sometimes multiple times per day. The third-party software that we incorporate into our platform may also be subject to errors or vulnerabilities. Any errors or vulnerabilities discovered in our code or from third-party software after release could result in negative publicity and a loss of users, revenue, and availability of our platform, as well as other performance issues. Such vulnerabilities could also be exploited by malicious actors and result in exposure of data of users on our platform, or otherwise result in a security breach or other security incident. We may need to expend significant financial and development resources to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities. Any failure to timely and effectively resolve any such errors, defects, or vulnerabilities could adversely affect our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have implemented sell-to-cover in which shares of our Class A common stock are sold into the market on behalf of RSU holders upon vesting and/or settlement of RSUs to cover tax withholding liabilities and such sales will result in dilution to our stockholders. We also permit certain RSU holders to elect to cover the RSU tax withholding liabilities by providing to us a cash payment amount. 
 To fund the tax withholding and remittance obligations arising in connection with the future vesting and/or settlement of RSUs, we will either (i) withhold shares of our Class A common stock that would otherwise be issued with respect to such RSUs and pay the relevant tax authorities in cash to satisfy such tax obligations, (ii) have the holders of such RSUs use a broker to sell a portion of such shares into the market on the applicable settlement date, with the proceeds of such sales to be delivered to us for remittance to the relevant taxing authorities, in order to satisfy such tax withholding and remittance obligations, which is generally referred to as "sell-to-cover," or (iii) allow certain holders of such RSUs to pay us an amount in cash, via a broker, sufficient to cover the applicable RSU tax withholding obligations. If we withhold shares of our Class A common stock that would otherwise be issued with respect to the vesting and/or settlement of RSUs and pay the relevant tax authorities in cash to satisfy such tax obligations, this may result in significant cash expenditures by us. We have implemented sell-to-cover to satisfy tax withholding obligations, pursuant to which shares with a market value equivalent to the tax withholding obligation are sold on behalf of the holder of the RSUs upon vesting and settlement to cover the tax withholding liability and the cash proceeds from such sales are remitted by us to the taxing authorities. Such sales or any cash amount that the holder provides to us to cover the applicable RSU tax withholding obligations, in either case, will not result in the expenditure of additional cash by us to satisfy the tax withholding obligations for RSUs, but will cause dilution to our stockholders and, to the extent a large number of shares are sold in connection with any vesting event, such sales volume may cause our stock price to fluctuate. 
 We track certain operational metrics with internal systems and tools and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and any real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 We track certain operational metrics, including our merchant, consumer, and Dasher counts, key business and non-GAAP metrics, such as Total Orders, Marketplace GOV, Contribution Profit (Loss), Contribution Margin, Adjusted Gross Profit (Loss), Adjusted Gross Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Free Cash Flow, and certain other metrics required by regulatory and administrative bodies, such as the monthly active recipients of our services in the EU (as required by Article 24(2) of the Digital Services Act), with internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by any third party and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our platform is used across large populations. For example, the accuracy of our operating metrics could be impacted by fraudulent users of our platform, and further, we believe that there are consumers who have multiple accounts, even though this is prohibited in our Terms of Service and we implement measures to detect and prevent this behavior. Consumer usage of multiple accounts may cause us to overstate the number of consumers on our platform. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data 
 33 

Table of Contents 

or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, investors may lose confidence in our operating metrics and business and we expect that we could be subject to legal claims, including securities class action lawsuits, and our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Our actual losses may exceed our insurance reserves, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We establish insurance reserves for claims incurred but not yet paid and claims incurred but not yet reported and any related estimable expenses, and we periodically evaluate and, as necessary, adjust our actuarial assumptions and insurance reserves as our experience develops or new information is learned. We employ various predictive modeling and actuarial techniques and make numerous assumptions based on limited historical experience and industry statistics to estimate our insurance reserves. Estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related judgment or settlement amounts, is inherently difficult, subjective, and speculative. Additionally, actuarial projections make no provision for the extraordinary future emergence of losses or types of losses not sufficiently represented in the historical data or which are not yet quantifiable. A number of external factors can affect the actual losses incurred for any given claim, including but not limited to the length of time the claim remains open, fluctuations in healthcare costs, legislative and regulatory developments, judicial developments and unexpected events such as natural or human-made catastrophic disasters or negative publicity. Such factors can impact the reserves for claims incurred but not yet paid as well as the actuarial assumptions used to estimate the reserves for claims incurred but not yet reported and any related estimable expenses for current and historical periods. For any of the foregoing reasons, our actual losses for claims and related expenses may deviate, individually or in the aggregate, from the insurance reserves reflected in our consolidated financial statements. If we determine that our estimated insurance reserves are inadequate, we may be required to increase such reserves at the time of the determination, which could result in an increase to our net loss in the period in which the shortfall is determined and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by changes in the Internet and mobile device accessibility of users. 
 Our business depends on users access to our platform via a mobile device or personal computer and the Internet. Internet access and access to a mobile device or personal computer are frequently provided by companies with significant market power that could take actions that degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of consumers ability to access our platform. In addition, the Internet infrastructure that we and users of our platform rely on in any particular geographic area may be unable to support the demands placed upon it and could interfere with the speed and availability of our platform. Any such failure in Internet or mobile device or computer accessibility, even for a short period of time, could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Operating as a public company requires us to incur substantial costs and requires substantial management attention. In addition, key members of our management team have limited experience managing a public company. 
 As a public company, we incur substantial legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For example, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the rules and regulations of the SEC, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are also required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, and increase demand on our systems. In addition, as a public company, we may be subject to stockholder activism, which can lead to additional substantial costs, distract management, and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. As a result of disclosure of information in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors. 
 Many members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our operations as a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituencies will require significant attention from our senior 
 34 

Table of Contents 

management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 If Dashers that utilize our platform are reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law, or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, administrative actions, government investigations, and other legal and regulatory proceedings at the U.S. federal, state, and municipal levels, as well as in jurisdictions in Europe and Asia, challenging the classification of Dashers that utilize our platform as independent contractors. The tests governing whether a Dasher is an independent contractor or an employee vary by governing law and are typically highly fact intensive. Laws and regulations that govern the status and classification of independent contractors are subject to changes and divergent interpretations by various authorities, which can create uncertainty and unpredictability for us, as well as the Dashers, merchants, and consumers that use our platform. For example, in October 2022, the U.S Department of Labor released a proposed rule regarding the classification of employees and independent contractors under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act. The proposed rule would implement new interpretative guidance for classification of workers. We maintain that Dashers that utilize our platform are properly classified as independent contractors. However, Dashers may be reclassified as employees, especially in light of the evolving rules and restrictions on worker classification and their potential impact on the local commerce industry. A reclassification of Dashers as employees would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including as a result of: 
 monetary exposure arising from, or relating to, failure to withhold and remit taxes, unpaid wages and wage and hour laws and requirements (such as those pertaining to failure to pay minimum wage and overtime, or to provide required breaks and wage statements), expense reimbursement, statutory and punitive damages, penalties, including related to California Labor Code Private Attorneys General Act PAGA and government fines; 
 injunctions prohibiting continuance of existing business practices; 
 claims for employee benefits, social security, workers compensation, and unemployment; 
 claims of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation under civil rights laws; 
 claims under laws pertaining to unionizing, collective bargaining, and other concerted activity; 
 other claims, charges, or other proceedings under laws and regulations applicable to employers and employees, including risks relating to allegations of joint employer liability or agency liability; and 
 harm to our reputation and brand. 
 In addition to the harms listed above, a reclassification of Dashers as employees would require us to significantly alter our existing business model and operations and impact our ability to add and retain Dashers to our platform and grow our business, which we would expect to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have been involved in and continue to be involved in numerous legal proceedings related to Dasher classification, and such proceedings have increased in volume since the California Supreme Court s 2018 ruling in Dynamex. We are currently involved in a number of putative class actions and representative actions brought, for example, pursuant to PAGA, and numerous individual claims, including those brought in arbitration or compelled pursuant to the terms of our independent contractor agreements to arbitration, challenging the classification of Dashers that utilize our platform as independent contractors. In addition, in June 2020, the San Francisco District Attorney filed a claim against us in the Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco, alleging that we misclassified California Dashers as independent contractors as opposed to employees. For more details on this action, please see the section titled " Legal Proceedings " above in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Some jurisdictions in the United States, Europe, and Asia have modified, or are considering modifying, their standards used to determine worker classification. For example, the California Legislature passed Assembly Bill ("AB 5") and it was signed into law by Governor Gavin Newsom on September 18, 2019 and became effective on January 1, 2020. AB 5 codified the Dynamex standard regarding contractor classification, expanded its application, and created numerous carve-outs. We, along with certain other companies, supported a campaign for Proposition 22 Proposition 22 to address AB 5 and preserve flexibility for California Dashers, which was approved by voters in November 2020 and went into effect in December 2020. However, on August 20, 2021, the Alameda County Superior Court in California issued an order finding that the entirety of Proposition 22 is unenforceable. The California Attorney General and other groups and individuals 
 35 

Table of Contents 

appealed to the California Court of Appeal. To the extent Proposition 22 remains in effect, certain provisions regarding compensation, along with certain other requirements, are applicable to us and Dashers in California. These provisions have increased our costs related to Dashers in California. To offset a portion of these increased costs, in certain circumstances we charge higher fees and commissions, which could result in lower order volumes over time. Depending on whether and how much we choose to increase fees and commissions, these increased costs could also lead to a lower Net Revenue Margin, which we referred to in past SEC filings as Take Rate, defined as revenue expressed as a percentage of Marketplace GOV. The provisions resulting from Proposition 22 that are now applicable to us include, but are not limited to, (i) net earnings (which excludes tips, tolls, and certain other amounts) to Dashers no less than a net earnings floor equal to (A) 120 of the minimum wage for a Dasher s engaged time and (B) for Dashers using a motor vehicle, 0.30 per engaged mile (which amount shall be adjusted for inflation in future years) and (ii) for Dashers averaging at least 15 hours per week of engaged time during a calendar quarter who subscribe to a qualifying health plan, payments to such Dashers of healthcare subsidies of varying dollar amounts depending on a Dasher s engaged time per week. As such, Proposition 22 has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Several other jurisdictions where we operate may be considering adopting legislation, or we may propose or support legislation, ballot initiatives, or other legislative processes, that would pair worker flexibility and independence with new protections and benefits. To the extent other jurisdictions adopt such legislation, or we propose or support legislation, ballot initiatives, or other legislative processes, we would expect our costs related to Dashers in such jurisdictions to increase. We may also experience lower order volumes in such jurisdictions if it becomes necessary to charge higher fees and commissions as a result of such laws, which would adversely impact our results of operations. Even with the passage of Proposition 22 and similar legislation, such initiatives and legislation could still be challenged and subject to litigation. For example, certain plaintiffs filed a claim in California Superior Court challenging the constitutionality of Proposition 22, which resulted in the Alameda County Superior Court s order finding the entirety of Proposition 22 unenforceable. If Dashers are determined to be employees under U.S. federal or state law, or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate, including as a result of litigation, this could result in increases to our costs related to Dashers, which would likely lead us to increase fees and commissions and may result in lower order volumes, which in turn would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 With the breadth of our geographic scope, the classification of Dashers that utilize our platform as independent contractors may be subject to challenge in other jurisdictions. In particular, through Wolt, we are subject to local regulations and challenges in Europe and Asia to the classification of Wolt courier partners as independent contractors. For example, on November 1, 2021, the Finnish Occupational Safety and Health Administration (through the Division at the Regional State Administrative Agency for Southern Finland) issued a decision which deemed that Wolt courier partners in Finland are in an employment relationship with Wolt, and that Wolt should be mandated to keep statutory records of Wolt courier partners' working hours. We have appealed the decision to the Administrative Court of H meenlinna. In addition, other jurisdictions are considering changing the standards used to determine worker classification, which may impact our classification of Dashers using our platform. For example, the EU is considering new criteria for determining worker classification, which could be adopted by member states. Any potential EU-wide legislative reform may adversely affect our ability to operate our current independent contractor model within the EU. 
 In certain jurisdictions where there are uncertainties associated with the interpretation of applicable law, we may decide to adopt employment-based models, as Wolt already does in Germany, which could result in certain operational challenges and increased costs and cause us to withdraw from certain jurisdictions or decide not to expand our business in or into a certain jurisdiction, which could limit our growth and expansion opportunities. 
 We are subject to various claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings, and face potential liability, expenses, and harm to our business as a result. 
 We face potential liability, legal expenses, and harm to our business relating to the nature of our business generally, and with the delivery services we facilitate in particular. Specifically, we are subject to claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, government investigations, and other legal, regulatory, and other administrative proceedings, including those involving personal injury, property damage, worker classification, labor and employment, anti-discrimination, commercial disputes, competition, consumer complaints, intellectual property disputes, marketing and advertising to merchants, consumers, and Dashers, compliance with regulatory requirements, and other matters, and we may become subject to additional types of claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and legal or regulatory proceedings as our business grows and as we deploy new services. 
 We are also subject to claims, lawsuits, and other legal proceedings seeking to hold us vicariously liable for the actions of merchants, consumers, and Dashers. For example, third parties could assert legal claims against us in connection with personal injuries related to food poisoning, tampering, or other food safety issues or accidents caused by merchants and 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Dashers that utilize our platform. We have incurred expenses to settle personal injury claims, which we sometimes choose to settle for reasons including expediency, protection of our reputation, and to prevent the uncertainty of litigating, and we expect that such expenses will continue to increase as our business grows and we face increasing public scrutiny. Similarly, we could be subject to legal claims relating to the sale of alcoholic beverages or alcohol consumption. Regardless of the outcome of any legal proceeding, any injuries to, or deaths of, any consumers, Dashers, employees, or third parties could result in negative publicity and harm to our brand, reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Reports, whether true or not, of food-borne illnesses (such as E. Coli, avian flu, bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis A, trichinosis, or salmonella) and injuries caused by food tampering or inappropriate or unsanitary food preparation, handling, or delivery, or other food safety incidents have led to threatened and actual legal claims against, and severely injured the reputations of, participants in the food business and could do so in the future as well. Further, if any such report were to affect one or more of the merchants on our platform that generate a significant percentage of our overall Marketplace GOV, it could seriously harm our business. The potential for acts of terrorism on the United States or international food supply also exists and, if such an event occurs, it could harm our business and results of operations. Further, food that is ordered through our platform could be subject to a recall, but we may have limited ability, if any, to ensure compliance with a food recall. In addition, reports of food-borne illnesses, food recalls, food tampering, or inappropriate or unsanitary food preparation, handling, or delivery, even those occurring solely at merchants that are not on our platform, could, as a result of negative publicity about the restaurant or grocery industry, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We also face potential liability and expense for claims, including class, collective, and other representative actions, by or relating to Dashers regarding, among other things, the classification of Dashers that utilize our platform as well as our Dasher pay models, including claims regarding disclosures we make with respect to Dasher earnings, sales tax, service fees, delivery fees, and gratuities, the process of signing up to become a Dasher, including our background check processes, and the nature and frequency of our communications to Dashers via email, text, or telephone. We also face potential liability and expense for claims, including class actions, by consumers relating to, among other things, our Dasher pay models, including claims regarding disclosures we make with respect to sales tax, service fees, delivery fees, and gratuities, the local food delivery fulfillment services we facilitate, discrepancies between the menus on our websites and consumer mobile applications and the menus at the restaurant from which the food is delivered, including discrepancies in menu items and the prices of such items and taxes on such items, and the nature and frequency of our marketing communications to consumers via email, text, or telephone. In addition, we face potential liability and expense for claims, including class, collective, and other representative actions, by or relating to merchants regarding, among other things, menu pricing, exclusivity arrangements, and the listing of merchants on our platform without an agreement. 
 In addition, we face potential liability and expense for claims relating to the information that we publish on our websites and mobile applications, including claims for trademark and copyright infringement, defamation, libel, and negligence, among others. We also face potential liability and expense for claims arising from a data security incident, including claims regarding the adequacy and timeliness of our response to such an incident and our notification to affected consumers and Dashers. 
 The results of any such claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, government investigations, or other legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, be harmful to our reputation, require significant management attention, and divert significant resources. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in substantial damages, settlement costs, fines, and penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex and fact-intensive process that requires significant subjective judgment and speculation. There can be no guarantee that our litigation reserves will be sufficient to offset such liabilities. These proceedings could also result in harm to our reputation and brand, sanctions, consent decrees, injunctions, or other orders requiring a change in our business practices. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, under certain circumstances, we have contractual and other legal obligations to indemnify and to incur legal expenses on behalf of our business and commercial partners and current and former directors and officers. 
 In the United States and certain other jurisdictions in which we operate, we include arbitration and class action waiver provisions in our terms of service with the merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform. These provisions are intended to streamline the litigation process for all parties involved, as they can in some cases be faster and less costly than litigating disputes in court. However, arbitration can be costly and burdensome, and the use of arbitration and class action waiver provisions subjects us to certain risks to our reputation and brand, as these provisions have been the subject of increasing public scrutiny. In order to minimize these risks to our reputation and brand, we may limit our use of 
 37 

Table of Contents 

arbitration and class action waiver provisions or be required to do so in a legal or regulatory proceeding, either of which could cause an increase in our litigation costs and exposure. Additionally, we permit certain users of our platform to opt out of such provisions, which could also cause an increase in our litigation costs and exposure. 
 Further, with the potential for conflicting rules regarding the scope and enforceability of arbitration and class action waivers on a state-by-state basis, as well as between U.S. state and federal law, there is a risk that some or all of our arbitration and class action waiver provisions could be subject to challenge or may need to be revised to exempt certain categories of protection. If these provisions were found to be unenforceable, in whole or in part, or specific claims are required to be exempted, we could experience an increase in our costs to litigate disputes and the time involved in resolving such disputes, and we could face increased exposure to potentially costly lawsuits, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we have not properly collected or remitted, or in the future should collect or remit, sales and use, gross receipts, value added, or similar taxes or withholding taxes, and may successfully impose additional obligations on us, and any such assessments, obligations, or inaccuracies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The application of non-income, or indirect, taxes, such as sales and use tax, value-added tax, goods and services tax, business tax, and gross receipt tax, to businesses like ours is a complex and evolving issue. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the adoption and growth of the Internet and e-commerce. Significant judgment is required on an ongoing basis to evaluate applicable tax obligations, and as a result, amounts recorded are estimates and are subject to adjustments. In many cases, the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it is not clear how new and existing statutes might apply to our business or to local commerce platforms generally. 
 In addition, governments are increasingly looking for ways to increase revenue, which has resulted in discussions about tax reform and other legislative action to increase tax revenue, including through indirect taxes and digital services taxes. Such taxes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to indirect taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, goods and services, and gross receipt taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions where we operate, such as Canada, Australia, and several countries in Europe and Asia, and we may face various indirect tax audits in various U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. In certain jurisdictions, we collect and remit indirect taxes. However, tax authorities may raise questions about, or challenge or disagree with, our calculation, reporting, or collection of taxes and may require us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to remit additional taxes and interest, including tax on the cost of goods sold, and could impose associated penalties and fees. A successful assertion by one or more tax authorities requiring us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to collect additional taxes in a jurisdiction in which we currently collect taxes, could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest, could discourage merchants, consumers, and Dashers from utilizing our offerings, or could otherwise harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, even where we are collecting taxes and remitting them to the appropriate authorities, we may fail to accurately calculate, collect, report, and remit such taxes. Additionally, if merchants try to pass along increased additional taxes and raise prices to consumers, order volume may decline. Although we have reserved for potential payments of possible past tax liabilities in our consolidated financial statements, if these liabilities exceed such reserves, our financial condition and results of operations would be harmed. 
 Under U.S. state tax law, we may be deemed responsible for collecting and remitting sales taxes directly to certain states. Our responsibility for these taxes may be applicable to past sales and to the cost of goods, fees, or other items charged on our platform. A successful assertion that we should be collecting additional sales, use, or other taxes or remitting such taxes directly to states could result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales and additional administrative expenses. These taxes could also increase the cost for consumers using our platform. Any of the foregoing would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, one or more states, localities, or other taxing jurisdictions may seek to impose additional reporting, record-keeping, or indirect tax collection obligations on businesses like ours. For example, taxing authorities in the United States and other countries have identified e-commerce platforms as a means to calculate, collect, and remit indirect taxes for transactions taking place over the Internet, and are considering related legislation. After the U.S. Supreme Court decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair Inc. , certain states have enacted laws that require tax reporting, collection, or tax remittance on certain online sales. Requiring tax reporting or collection could decrease merchant, consumer, or Dasher activity, which would harm our business. These laws could require us or Dashers to incur substantial costs in order to comply, including 
 38 

Table of Contents 

costs associated with tax calculation, collection, and remittance and audit requirements, which could make our offerings less attractive and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Also, the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions have tax rules generally requiring payors to obtain payee taxpayer information and report payments to unrelated parties to the government. Under certain circumstances, a failure to comply with such obligations may cause us to become liable for monetary penalties or to withhold a percentage of the amounts paid to Dashers and merchants and remit such amounts to the taxing authorities. Due to the large number of Dashers and merchants, and the amounts paid to each, process failures with respect to these reporting obligations could result in substantial financial liability and other consequences to us if we were unable to remedy such failures in a timely manner. 
 Further, we have several subsidiaries operating in jurisdictions with local transfer pricing rules and regulations, and failure to comply with such rules could adversely affect our financial condition. Transfer pricing rules generally require pricing on intra-group transactions to meet an arm's-length standard, which is inherently subjective and subject to challenge. Additionally, these rules generally require documentation substantiating the appropriateness of such pricing, which may vary based on the jurisdiction. As a result, we may be exposed to transfer pricing risks, as governmental authorities may challenge our compliance with these rules. 
 As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and any such difference may adversely affect our results of operations in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined. 
 We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses, and the realization of deferred tax assets. Increases in our effective tax rate would reduce profitability or increase losses. As we expand the scale of our international business activities, any changes in the United States or foreign taxation of such activities may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Further, income earned by us and our subsidiaries may be subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction, such as in the jurisdiction we or the applicable subsidiary is incorporated or organized, as well as the jurisdiction from which such income is derived. This may result in double taxation if relief is not available under applicable U.S. or non-U.S. law or an applicable tax treaty. Any double taxation may impact the financial results of our operations. 
 Federal, state, local, and foreign governments may amend existing taxation laws or enact new taxation legislation applicable to our business activities, including but not limited to legislation adopting the Pillar One and Pillar Two agreements of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD ). These changes in legislation could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have been subject to examination, and may be subject to examination in the future, by federal, state, local, and foreign tax authorities on income, employment, sales, and other tax matters. In addition, the application of federal, state, local, and foreign taxation laws to our business is novel and evolving, and new judicial or administrative interpretations of these laws may increase our tax exposure. While we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from tax examinations and the adequacy of our provision for taxes, there can be no assurance that such provision is sufficient and that a determination by a tax authority or judicial body would not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Certain risks relating to employment taxes and sales taxes are described in more detail under If Dashers that utilize our platform are reclassified as employees under U.S. federal or state law, or the laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected and Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we have not properly collected or remitted, or in the future should collect or remit, sales and use, gross receipts, value added, or similar taxes or withholding taxes, and may successfully impose additional obligations on us, and any such assessments, obligations, or inaccuracies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had accumulated 2.1 billion and 1.6 billion of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs"), respectively, available to reduce future taxable income, some of which will begin to expire in 2036 for U.S. federal and 2024 for state tax purposes. It is possible that we will not generate sufficient taxable income in time to use these NOLs before their expiration, or at all. Under Section 382 and Section 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
 39 

Table of Contents 

1986, as amended (the "Code"), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes, including R D tax credits, to offset its post-change income may be limited. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 percent stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Our ability to use NOLs and other tax attributes, including R D credit carryforwards, to reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be subject to annual limitations as a result of prior ownership changes and ownership changes that may occur in the future. Prior to the utilization of NOLs in the future, we will determine whether there are any limitations under Section 382 of the Code. In addition, we have accumulated 692 million of foreign net operating losses, which may be available to reduce future taxable income in the relevant jurisdiction. Some of these foreign NOLs will begin to expire in 2025 and it is possible that we may never realize the benefits of these losses. 
 There is also a risk that due to changes in applicable law or regulatory changes (such as suspensions on the use of NOLs and other tax attributes by certain jurisdictions, possibly with retroactive effect) or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs and other tax attributes could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. For these reasons, we may not be able to realize a tax benefit from the use of our NOLs and other tax attributes. 
 Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations globally, including those related to worker classification, Dasher pay, and merchant pricing and commissions, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations and subject us to legal claims. 
 The on-demand local commerce industry and our business model are relatively nascent and rapidly evolving. We are or may become subject to a variety of laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, including those related to worker classification, Dasher pay, insurance, and merchant pricing and commissions. Laws, regulations, and standards governing issues such as worker classification or our relationship with Dashers more generally (for example, those concerning Dasher pay and insurance requirements), labor and employment, anti-discrimination, food safety, alcoholic beverages and other highly regulated products, online credit card payments, gratuities, merchant pricing and commissions, text messaging, membership products, intellectual property, data retention, privacy, data sharing, data security, consumer protection, background checks, website and mobile application accessibility, and tax and other government-imposed fees are often complex, subject to change, and subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity. The scope and interpretation of these laws, and whether they are applicable to us, are often uncertain and may be conflicting, including varying standards and interpretations between U.S. law and the laws of other countries, U.S. state and federal law, between individual states, and even at the city and municipality level. As a result, their application in practice may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory and governing bodies, such as federal, state, and local administrative agencies. We have been proactively working with national, federal, state, and local governments and regulatory bodies to ensure that our platform is available broadly in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how existing laws would be applied to our business and the new laws to which it may become subject. 
 Additionally, laws relating to the potential liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the ads posted, or the content provided by users. In addition, regulatory authorities in the United States at the federal and state level are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning privacy and other matters that may be applicable to our business. 
 Further, we are subject to regulatory review, proceedings, and audits pursuant to national, federal, state, and local laws regulating the sale and delivery of alcoholic beverages and other highly regulated products, such as products containing Cannabidiol (CBD). These regulations and laws dictate matters such as licensing requirements, advertising restrictions, and consumer age verification. Any governmental litigation, fines, or restrictions on our operations resulting from the enforcement of these existing regulations, any changes to existing regulations or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of existing regulations, or the adoption of any new legislation or regulations could result in penalties or cause us to have to suspend sales and delivery of alcoholic beverages or other highly regulated products in a jurisdiction for a period of time or result in increased production, sales or marketing costs, or changes to our business practices, each of which could have an adverse effect on our brand, reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 As our business grows and evolves and our services are used in a greater number of geographies, particularly following our acquisition of Wolt, we have become subject to a growing array laws and regulations, which increase the complexity and compliance risk inherent in our business. For example, the EU recently enacted various regulations that govern digital services and markets and impose environmental sustainability obligations and disclosure requirements on businesses like 
 40 

Table of Contents 

ours. In particular, in November 2022, the Digital Services Act entered into force in the EU and includes new obligations to limit the spread of illegal content and illegal products online, increase the protection of minors, and provide users with more choice and transparency. The impact of these new regulations on the overall industry, business models, and our operations is uncertain. We may be required to enhance our disclosures and undertake certain changes to our products, services, fees and commissions structure, and operations as a result of these new requirements. Furthermore, we could be subject to administrative costs, regulatory proceedings, and fines, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Further, competition authorities in some of the markets in which Wolt operates have made queries regarding, or investigated, Wolt s pricing-related terms or other practices and decisions have been issued by competition authorities and courts concerning Wolt s pricing-related terms and practices. Any violation of competition laws could result in restraints in the way in which we operate our business. We could also be subject to claims of violations of competition laws in other aspects of our business, such as alleged market sharing, price fixing, or exchange of competitively sensitive information. Any potential violations of competition laws could result in fines, render applicable pricing-related provisions or contracts unenforceable, require contractual amendments, and lead to claims for damages and reputational harm, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our ability to comply with laws and regulations across the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate and to predict and adapt to changes in these laws is critical to our success, particularly for our continued expansion efforts, which may include entries into new geographic markets or new verticals in existing or new geographic markets. Additional regulatory scrutiny or changes in legal requirements may impose significant compliance costs and make it uneconomical for us to continue to operate in all of our current markets or to continue with our expansion plans, particularly if regulations or their interpretations vary greatly or conflict between different operating countries. This may adversely affect our business and financial condition by preventing us from reaching sufficient scale in particular markets or having to change our business model or incur additional costs. Our inability, or perceived inability, to comply with existing or new compliance obligations, could lead to additional regulatory scrutiny, which could result in administrative or enforcement actions, such as fines, penalties, or enforceable undertakings. 
 Recent financial, political, and other events may increase the level of regulatory scrutiny on larger companies, technology companies in general, and companies engaged in dealings with independent contractors. Regulatory and administrative bodies may enact new laws or promulgate new regulations that are adverse to our business, or they may view matters or interpret laws and regulations differently than they have in the past or in a manner adverse to our business, including by changing employment-related laws, requiring businesses like ours to maintain specific auto insurance coverage, or by regulating or capping the commissions businesses like ours agree to with merchants or the fees that we may charge consumers. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have price control measures in effect on local commerce platforms and we expect other such measures may be enacted in the future. These price controls have had in the past, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our results of operations. These price controls have also caused, and may in the future cause, us to increase the fees we charge to consumers. To the extent that price control measures lead to an increase in the fees we charge to consumers, consumer demand for our services could be reduced, which would further harm our business and results of operations. In addition, certain jurisdictions may challenge the way in which we categorize or collect such increased consumer fees on our platform. For example, the City of Chicago has challenged such fees as confusing and/or misleading to consumers. 
 Our success, or perceived success, and increased visibility may also drive some businesses or other organizations that perceive our business model negatively to raise their concerns to policymakers and regulators. These businesses and their trade association groups or other organizations may take actions and employ significant resources to shape the legal and regulatory regimes in jurisdictions where we may have, or seek to have, a market presence in an effort to change such legal and regulatory regimes in ways intended to adversely affect or impede our business and the ability of merchants, consumers, and Dashers to use our platform. If we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations, including any future laws or obligations that we may not be able to anticipate at this time, we could be adversely affected, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain services or platform features, which would adversely affect our business. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could also subject us to claims and other legal and regulatory proceedings, fines, or other penalties, criminal and civil proceedings, forfeiture of significant assets, and other enforcement actions. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could adversely affect our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred to prevent or mitigate this potential liability are also expected to adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to various U.S. and non-U.S. anti-corruption laws and other anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-money laundering laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business, both domestic and abroad, including EU anti-money laundering directives and related regulations in connection with our operations in Europe. The FCPA and other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws generally prohibit us and our employees from improperly influencing government officials or commercial parties in order to obtain or retain business, direct business to any person, or gain any improper advantage. These laws may also hold us liable for acts of corruption and bribery committed by our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents who are acting on our behalf. We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party business partners and intermediaries and our employees, representatives, contractors, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. In addition, we may be subject to liability, including penalties and fines, for any failure to satisfy certain requirements under anti-money laundering laws, such as meeting local know your customer and ongoing due diligence standards. For example, in connection with our operations in Europe, we could be liable for penalties of up to 10 of our revenue in a fiscal year in the event that our anti-money laundering compliance measures are found to be insufficient. All of these laws may also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible, and our exposure for violating these laws increases as our international presence expands, including as a result of our acquisition of Wolt, and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, imposition of significant legal fees, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion of management s attention, a drop in our stock price, or overall adverse consequences to our business, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to various regulations relating to payment processing. 
 The majority of payments by our consumers are made by credit card or debit card or through third-party payment services, which subjects us to certain payment-related regulations. We may in the future offer new payment options to consumers that may be subject to additional regulations and risks. In the United States, money transmitters are regulated by numerous state and local governments and agencies, many of which may define money transmitter differently. If we are found to be a money transmitter under any applicable regulations and we are not in compliance with such regulations, we may be subject to fines or other penalties levied by national, federal, state, or local regulators in one or more jurisdictions. Outside of the United States, we are subject to additional laws, rules, and regulations related to the provision of payments and financial services. For example, as a result of our operations in Europe, we are subject to the revised EU Payment Services Directive ("PSD II") and related regulations. One of our subsidiaries acts as an intra-group licensed payment service provider for its payment services to merchants in European Economic Area ("EEA") countries and has obtained a payment institution license from the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority in accordance with PSD II. Should our payment institution license be revoked in the future, or any other enforcement measures be taken by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority, such as imposing penalties or forcing us to cease offering certain payment facilities, our operations in Europe would be adversely affected. Furthermore, as we expand into new jurisdictions, the payment-related regulations that we are subject to will expand as well. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to comply with applicable rules and regulations related to payment processing could include criminal and civil proceedings, forfeiture of significant assets, or other enforcement actions. We could also be required to make significant changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny, which could interrupt our ability to operate in certain jurisdiction and otherwise adversely effect our business and results of operations. 
 Government regulation of the Internet, mobile devices, and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes could substantially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet, mobile devices, and e-commerce that are constantly evolving. Existing and future laws and regulations, or changes thereto, may impede the growth of the Internet, mobile devices, e-commerce, or other online services, and increase the cost of providing online services, require us to change our business practices, or raise compliance costs or other costs of doing business. These regulations and laws, which continue to evolve, may cover taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing and commissions, content, copyrights, distribution, social media marketing, advertising 
 42 

Table of Contents 

practices, sweepstakes, mobile, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, broadband residential Internet access, and the characteristics and quality of services. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales, use, and other taxes, libel, and personal privacy apply to the Internet and e-commerce. In addition, as we continue to expand internationally, it is possible that foreign government entities may seek to censor content available on our mobile applications or websites or may even attempt to block access to our mobile applications and websites. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation and brand, a loss in business, and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy or the protection or transfer of data relating to individuals, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy or the protection or transfer of data relating to individuals, could adversely affect our business. 
 We receive, transmit, and store a large volume of personal data relating to the users on our platform, as well as other personal data relating to individuals such as our employees. Numerous local, municipal, state, federal, national, and international laws and regulations address privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data and require the notification of certain security breaches involving personal data. These laws and regulations evolve frequently, and their scope may continually change through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, or changes in enforcement, and such changes may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Any changes in these laws or regulations could add further complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions, and legal risk; require additional investment of resources in compliance and data management programs; and result in changes or increased compliance costs in business practices and policies. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses in our efforts to comply with current and evolving privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, or contractual obligations. 
 Applicable laws or regulations could force us to disclose our intellectual property and the personal data of our users. For example, the City Council of New York passed a law effective in December 2021 that would require us to provide consumer data, such as names, phone numbers, email addresses, and delivery addresses to restaurant merchants for orders on our platform in New York City, unless a consumer opts out. This could result in consumers receiving unsolicited communications from merchants, which could lead to a negative consumer experience. We have filed a lawsuit challenging this law, and New York City has agreed not to enforce the law against us during the pendency of the litigation. If our lawsuit is not successful, complying with this law could have an adverse effect on our intellectual property or result in harm to our reputation or brand. 
 We are increasingly subject to additional laws relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity as we expand our international operations. For example, with our acquisition of Wolt, we expanded our liability under the EU s General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which imposes strict requirements relating to the processing of personal data as well as significant penalties, such as fines, injunctions against the processing of personal data, and civil litigation claims for noncompliance. 
 We rely on legal mechanisms for transferring personal data subject to GDPR. In 2020, the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework was invalidated in the Schrems II case by the Court of Justice of the European Union, which has created significant challenges in using other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data from the EEA to other countries. The uncertainty around data transfers and global trends relating to national data localization could present risks with respect to non-compliance, as well as increased costs to comply with complex and evolving requirements. 
 We are also subject to industry standards, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, which requires companies to adopt certain measures to ensure the security of cardholder information. We may also be contractually required to process and secure data in certain manners and to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any laws, regulations, or other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection, information security, or consumer protection. 
 Additionally, our success depends, in part, on our ability to access, collect, and use data relating to Dashers, merchants, consumers, and other individuals. If the use of tracking technologies, such as cookies, is further restricted, regulated, or blocked by new laws, regulations, and other practices, the amount or accuracy of Internet user information we collect would decrease, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. U.S. and foreign jurisdictions have enacted or are considering enacting legislation or regulations that significantly restrict the practice of online tracking. Other regulators are increasingly scrutinizing the use of online tracking tools and compliance with requirements related to the online behavioral advertising ecosystem. Moreover, some providers of consumer devices and web browsers, such as Apple and Google, plan to or have implemented means to make it easier for Internet users to block 
 43 

Table of Contents 

tracking technologies or to require new permissions from users for certain activities, which could, if widely adopted, significantly reduce the effectiveness of such practices and technologies. As a result, we may have to develop alternative systems to determine our customers behavior, customize their online experience, or efficiently market to them. 
 Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, it is possible that our interpretations of the law and regulations or our practices and platform could be inconsistent with, be alleged to fail, or fail to meet all requirements of, such laws, regulations, or obligations. Our failure, or the failure by our vendors, merchants, or Dashers on our platform, to comply with applicable laws or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or use or release of personal data or other data relating to merchants, consumers, Dashers, or other individuals, or the perception of privacy concerns or that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation and brand, discourage new and existing merchants, consumers, and Dashers from using our platform, or result in fines, investigations, or proceedings by governmental agencies and private claims and litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to legal claims resulting from unauthorized text messages sent in violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act. 
 The actual or perceived improper sending of text messages may subject us to certain risks, including liabilities or claims relating to consumer protection laws. For example, the TCPA restricts telemarketing and the use of automated SMS text messages without proper consent. This has resulted, and may in the future result, in civil claims against us. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to the delivery of text messages are continuously evolving and developing. If we are not able to comply with these laws and regulations, including the TCPA, in an effective manner, we could be subject to legal claims and liability, our brand and reputation may be harmed, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our reported results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in GAAP. 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB"), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported results of operations and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. For example, in May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Consumers (Topic 606) ASC 606 ), which superseded nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance, and in February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ASC 842 ), which increases lease transparency and comparability among organizations. It is difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which could negatively affect our reported results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We rely primarily on third-party insurance policies from a limited number of insurance providers to insure our operations-related risks. If our insurance coverage is insufficient for the needs of our business or our insurance providers are unable to meet their obligations, we may not be able to mitigate the risks facing our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We procure third-party insurance policies from a limited number of insurance providers to cover various operations-related risks including auto liability, employment practices liability, workers compensation, business interruptions, cybersecurity and data breaches, crime, directors and officers liability, occupational accident liability for Dashers, and general business liabilities. For certain types of operations-related risks or risks related to our new and evolving services, we may not be able to, or may choose not to, acquire insurance. Even if we do acquire insurance for our operations-related risks or risks related to our new and evolving services, we may not obtain enough insurance to adequately mitigate such risks, and we may have to pay high premiums, self-insured retentions, or deductibles for the coverage we do obtain. If any of our insurance providers becomes insolvent, it would be unable to pay any operations-related claims that we make. In addition, if any of our insurance providers terminate their relationship with us or refuse to renew their relationships with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would be required to find alternate insurance providers and may not be able to secure similar terms or a suitable replacement in an acceptable time frame. Further, some of our agreements with merchants require that we procure certain types of insurance, and if we are unable to obtain and maintain such insurance, we would be in violation of the terms of these merchant agreements and could be subject to additional liabilities as a result. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

If the amount of one or more operations-related claims were to exceed our applicable aggregate coverage limits, we would be responsible for the excess, in addition to amounts already incurred in connection with deductibles, self-insured retentions, or otherwise paid by our insurance subsidiary. Insurance providers have raised premiums and deductibles for many businesses and may do so in the future. As a result, our insurance and claims expense could increase substantially, or we may decide to raise our deductibles or self-insured retentions when our policies are renewed or replaced. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected if (i) the cost per claim, premiums, or the number of claims significantly exceeds our historical experience and coverage limits, (ii) we experience a claim in excess of our coverage limits, (iii) our insurance providers fail to pay on our insurance claims, (iv) we experience a claim for which coverage is not provided, or (v) the number of claims under our deductibles or self-insured retentions differs from historical averages. 
 We primarily rely on Amazon Web Services to deliver our services to users on our platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of Amazon Web Services could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We primarily host our platform and support our operations on data centers provided by Amazon Web Services AWS ), a third-party provider of cloud infrastructure services, in a limited number of locations. We do not have control over the operations of the AWS facilities that we use. AWS s facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, cybersecurity attacks, terrorist attacks, power outages, and similar events or acts of misconduct. We have experienced, and expect that in the future we will continue to experience, interruptions, delays, and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions, and capacity constraints. In addition, any changes in AWS service levels may adversely affect our ability to meet the requirements of users on our platform. Any negative publicity arising from these disruptions could harm our reputation and brand. Since our platform s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success, sustained or repeated system failures would reduce the attractiveness of our platform, usage of our platform, lead to loss of revenue, increase our costs, and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our primary commercial agreement with AWS will remain in effect until terminated by AWS or us. AWS may terminate the agreement for convenience by providing us at least 30 days advanced notice. AWS may also terminate the agreement for cause upon a material breach of the agreement, subject to AWS providing prior written notice and a 30-day cure period, and may in some cases terminate the agreement immediately for cause upon written notice. Although it would be difficult for a number of reasons, we believe that we could transition to one or more alternative cloud infrastructure providers on commercially reasonable terms if it became necessary. In the event that our agreement with AWS is terminated or we add additional cloud infrastructure service providers, we may experience significant costs or downtime for a short period in connection with the transfer to, or the addition of, new cloud infrastructure service providers. However, we do not believe that such transfer to, or the addition of, new cloud infrastructure service providers would cause substantial harm to our business, financial condition, or results of operations over the longer term. 
 We primarily rely on a third-party payment processor to process payments made to merchants and Dashers and a small number of third-party payment processors to process payments made by consumers, and if we cannot manage our relationship with such third parties and other payment-related risks, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We primarily rely on a third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process payments made to merchants and Dashers and a small number of third-party payment processors to process payments made by consumers, primarily PayPal and Stripe. Under our commercial agreements with Stripe and PayPal, each of these parties may terminate our relationship with advanced notice. If both Stripe and PayPal terminate their relationship with us or refuse to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would be required to find alternate payment processors and may not be able to secure similar terms or a suitable replacement in an acceptable time frame. Further, the software and services provided by a replacement for Stripe or PayPal may not meet our expectations, may contain errors or vulnerabilities, and could be compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our ability to accept online payments or other payment transactions, verify payment information, or make timely payments to merchants and Dashers, any of which could disrupt our business for an extended period of time, make our platform less convenient and attractive to users, result in losses and legal liability to us, and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified merchants, consumers, and Dashers. 
 If we fail to or are alleged to fail to comply with applicable payment, payment processing, anti-money laundering, and similar regulations as a result of our relationships with our third-party payment processors, we may be subject to claims and litigation, regulatory investigations and proceedings, civil or criminal penalties, fines, or higher transaction fees and 
 45 

Table of Contents 

may lose the ability to accept online payments or other payment card transactions, which could make our platform less convenient and attractive to consumers. We also rely on data provided by Stripe and other payment service provider partners for financial statement reporting, and there could be inaccuracies and other errors in such data. If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, our primary third-party payment processor requires us to comply with payment card network operating rules, which are set and interpreted by the payment card networks. The payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or re-interpret existing rules in ways that might prohibit us from providing certain services to some users, be costly to implement, or difficult to follow. If we fail to comply with these rules or regulations, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from consumers or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We have also agreed to reimburse our third-party payment processor for any reversals, chargebacks, and fines they are assessed by payment card networks if we violate these rules. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We rely on third-party background check providers to screen potential Dashers and if such providers fail to provide accurate information or we are not able to maintain business relationships with them, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on third-party background check providers to provide the criminal and/or driving records of potential Dashers and, in some cases, existing Dashers to help identify those that are not qualified to use our platform pursuant to applicable law or our internal standards, and our business may be adversely affected to the extent such providers do not meet their contractual obligations, our expectations, or the requirements of applicable law or regulations. If any of our third-party background check providers terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we may need to find an alternate provider, and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such partners in an acceptable time frame. In certain jurisdictions, including the United States, we rely on a single third-party background check provider. If we cannot find alternate third-party background check providers on terms acceptable to us, we may not be able to timely onboard potential Dashers, and as a result, our platform may be less attractive to potential Dashers and we may have difficulty finding enough Dashers to meet consumer demand. Further, if the background checks conducted by our third-party background check providers are inaccurate or do not otherwise meet our expectations, unqualified Dashers may be permitted to make deliveries on our platform, and as a result, we may be unable to adequately protect or provide a safe environment for our merchants and consumers and qualified Dashers may be inadvertently excluded from our platform. As a result of inaccurate background checks, our reputation and brand could be adversely affected and we could be subject to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. In addition, if a Dasher engages in criminal activity after the third-party background check has been conducted, we may not be informed of such criminal activity and this Dasher may be permitted to continue making deliveries on our platform. 
 We are also subject to a number of laws and regulations applicable to background checks for potential and existing Dashers that utilize our platform. If we or our third-party background check providers fail to comply with applicable laws, rules, and legislation, our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, and we could face legal action, including class, collective, or other representative actions. For example, we have faced issues in the past, including lawsuits and demand letters, related to notice requirements around background checks. In addition, background check qualification processes may be limited in certain jurisdictions based on national and local laws, and our third-party service providers may fail to conduct such background checks adequately or disclose information that could be relevant to a determination of eligibility. 
 In jurisdictions where our industry does not have regulations establishing standards for background checks, we decide on the scope of our background checks and the cadence with which we conduct such background checks. By choosing background checks that are less thorough in scope than we are permitted to conduct under applicable law or regulation, or by failing to run additional background checks after Dashers are on-boarded, we may face negative publicity or become subject to litigation in the future. 
 Any negative publicity related to any of our third-party background check providers, including publicity related to safety incidents or actual or perceived privacy or data security breaches or other security incidents, could adversely affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We rely on third parties to provide some of the software for our platform. If such third parties interfere with the distribution of our platform or with our use of such software, our business would be adversely affected. 
 We rely upon certain third parties to provide software for our platform. For example, we use Google Maps for the mapping 
 46 

Table of Contents 

function that is critical to the functionality of our platform, and accordingly, we do not control all mapping functions employed by our platform or Dashers using our platform, and it is possible that such mapping functions may not be reliable. Any failure by us to understand and manage our exposure to the risks associated with the use of third party software, such as the risk of misuse of confidential or proprietary information or the exposure to cybersecurity incidents, could adversely impact us. For example, integration issues could prevent the onboarding of new third party software providers or lead to the loss of existing providers. Furthermore, updates to third party software that integrates with our offerings could cause our platform to not operate as efficiently as it previously had or at all. Any changes in these systems that degrades the functionality of our platform or gives preferential treatment to competitive services may impose could adversely affect usage of our platform. From time to time we have had, and may in the future have, disputes with certain of our third-party software providers. If, in connection with such a dispute, a software provider terminates its relationship with us or otherwise limits the provision of their software to us, the availability or usage of our platform could be disrupted. If the third parties we rely upon cease to provide access to the third-party software that we and Dashers use, whether in connection with disputes or otherwise, do not provide access to such software on terms that we believe to be attractive or reasonable, or do not provide us with the most current version of such software, we may be required to seek comparable software from other sources, which may be more expensive or inferior, or may not be available at all, any of which would adversely affect our business. 
 We depend on the interoperability of our platform across third-party applications and services that we do not control. 
 We have integrations with PayPal, Stripe, Twilio, Olo, Google Maps, AWS, and a variety of other vendors. Third-party applications, products, and services are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to maintain or modify our platform to ensure its compatibility with third-party offerings following development changes. In addition, some of our competitors or merchants on our platform may take actions that disrupt the interoperability of our platform with their own products or services, or exert strong business influence on our ability to, and the terms on which we, operate and distribute our platform. As our platform evolves, we expect the types and levels of competition we face to increase. Should any of our competitors or merchants on our platform modify their technologies, standards, or terms of use in a manner that degrades the functionality or performance of our platform or is otherwise unsatisfactory to us or gives preferential treatment to our competitors products or services, our platform, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on mobile operating systems and application marketplaces to make our applications available to merchants, consumers, and Dashers. If our applications do not effectively operate with or receive favorable placements within such application marketplaces or if the mobile operating system providers make changes to their platforms that reduce the functionality of our platform or effectiveness of our advertising, our usage or brand recognition could decline and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We depend in part on mobile operating systems, such as Android and iOS, and their respective application marketplaces to make our applications available to merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform. If such mobile operating systems or application marketplaces limit or prohibit us from making our applications available to merchants, consumers, and Dashers, make changes that degrade the functionality of our applications, give preferential treatment to our competitors applications, increase the cost of using our applications, impose terms of use unsatisfactory to us, or modify their search or ratings algorithms in ways that are detrimental to us, or if our competitors placement in such mobile operating systems application marketplace is more prominent than the placement of our applications, our user growth could slow. 
 As new mobile devices and mobile platforms are released, there is no guarantee that these new devices and platforms will continue to support our platform or that we will be able to maintain the same level of service on these devices and platforms. In order to deliver effective applications, we need to ensure that our platform is designed to work effectively with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks, and standards. We may not be successful in developing or maintaining relationships with key participants in the mobile industry that enhance users experience. If merchants, consumers, or Dashers that utilize our platform encounter any difficulty accessing or using our applications on their mobile devices or if we are unable to adapt to changes in popular mobile operating systems, we expect that our user growth and user engagement would be adversely affected. 
 In addition, mobile operating system and browser providers, such as Apple and Google, have announced changes as well as future plans to limit the ability of application developers like us to collect and use certain data about users of our platform, including merchants, consumers, and Dashers. For example, Apple has imposed new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy practices, and has implemented a new application tracking transparency 
 47 

Table of Contents 

framework that requires opt-in consent for certain types of tracking. In February 2022, Google announced it planned to adopt restrictions to restrict tracking activity across Android devices. These changes have, and we expect that these changes will continue to, negatively impact the effectiveness of our advertising and promotions. If we are unable to mitigate the effects of these developments, we could experience a decline in the growth of new users as well as order rates from existing consumers on our platform. 
 Internet search engines drive traffic to our platform and our new user growth could decline if we fail to appear prominently in search results. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to attract consumers through unpaid Internet search results on search engines like Google. The number of consumers we attract to our platform from search engines is due in large part to how and where our websites rank in unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not under our direct control and may change frequently. For example, a search engine may change its ranking algorithms, terms of service, methodologies, or design layouts. As a result, links to our websites may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our websites, and we may not know how or otherwise be in a position to influence the results. In some instances, search engine companies may change these rankings in a way that promotes their own competing products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. Search engines may also adopt a more aggressive auction-pricing system for keywords that would cause us to incur higher advertising costs or reduce our market visibility to prospective consumers. Any reduction in the number of consumers directed to our platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Certain estimates and information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on information from third-party sources and we do not independently verify the accuracy or completeness of the data contained in such sources or the methodologies for collecting such data, and any real or perceived inaccuracies in such estimates and information may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 Certain estimates and information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including general expectations concerning our industry and the market in which we operate, category share, market opportunity, and market size, are based to some extent on information provided by third-party providers. This information involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and although we believe the information from such third-party sources is reliable, we have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the data contained in such third-party sources or the methodologies for collecting such data. If there are any limitations or errors with respect to such data or methodologies, or if investors do not perceive such data or methodologies to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to such data or methodologies, we may lose the confidence of our investors and our reputation, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 
 Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright law and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information by requiring our employees and consultants who develop intellectual property on our behalf to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements, and third parties we share information with to enter into nondisclosure agreements. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property, or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information or technology, or infringement of our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may copy aspects of our platform or other software, technology, and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. In addition, unauthorized parties may also attempt, or successfully endeavor, to obtain our intellectual property, confidential information, and trade secrets through various methods, including through cybersecurity attacks, and legal or other methods of protecting this data may be inadequate. 
 We have registered, among other trademarks, the term DoorDash in the United States, Canada, and other jurisdictions, and "Wolt" throughout the EU and in other countries in which Wolt operates. Competitors have and may continue to adopt service names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to user confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. Litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other governmental authorities and administrative bodies in the United States and abroad may be necessary in the future to 
 48 

Table of Contents 

enforce our intellectual property rights and to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Further, we may not timely or successfully apply for a patent or register our trademarks or otherwise secure our intellectual property. Our efforts to protect, maintain, or enforce our proprietary rights may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Intellectual property infringement assertions by third parties could result in significant costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 We operate in an industry with frequent intellectual property litigation. Other parties have asserted, and in the future may assert, that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We could be required to pay substantial damages or cease using intellectual property or technology that is deemed infringing. 
 Further, we cannot predict whether other assertions of third-party intellectual property rights or claims arising from such assertions would substantially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The defense of these claims and any future infringement claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, may result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. Further, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay damages, potentially including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a party s patent or copyright rights, cease making, licensing, or using products that are alleged to incorporate the intellectual property of others, expend additional development resources to redesign our offerings, and enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may be unavailable on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In any event, we may need to license intellectual property which would require us to pay royalties or make one-time payments. Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, the time and resources necessary to resolve them could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to continue to use the domain names that we use in our business or prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brand, trademarks, or service marks. 
 We have registered domain names that we use in, or are related to, our business, most importantly www.doordash.com. If we lose the ability to use a domain name, whether due to trademark claims, failure to renew the applicable registration, or any other cause, we may be forced to market our offerings under a new domain name, which could cause us substantial harm, or to incur significant expense in order to purchase rights to the domain name in question. We may not be able to obtain preferred domain names outside the United States due to a variety of reasons. In addition, our competitors and others could attempt to capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain names similar to ours. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brand or our trademarks or service marks. Protecting, maintaining, and enforcing our rights in our domain names may require litigation, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our platform contains third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to provide our platform. 
 Our platform contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our platform. 
 Some open source licenses contain requirements that may, depending on how the licensed software is used or modified, require that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the licensed open source software, authorize further modification and redistribution of that source code, make that source code available at little or no cost, or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could be required under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software under the terms of an open source software license. This could enable our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. To avoid the release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to purchase additional licenses, expend substantial time, and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software or cease use or distribution of some or all of our software until we can adequately address the concerns. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Although we have certain policies and procedures in place to monitor our use of open source software that are designed to avoid subjecting our platform to conditions we do not intend, those policies and procedures may not be effective to detect or address all such conditions. In addition, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our platform. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their offerings. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could face infringement or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our platform on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our platform, to discontinue or delay the provision of our platform if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Liquidity 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 Historically, we have financed our operations primarily through equity issuances and cash generated from our operations. To support our growing business and to effectively compete, we must have sufficient capital to continue to make significant investments in our platform. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new platform features and services or enhance and expand our existing platform, improve our operating infrastructure, acquire complementary businesses and technologies, or respond to challenging macroeconomic conditions. We believe our working capital will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next 12 months and beyond. From time to time, we may seek additional equity or debt financing to fund capital expenditures, strategic initiatives, or investments and our ongoing operations. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity, equity-linked securities, or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. We evaluate financing opportunities from time to time, and our ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, and operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be impaired, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our revolving credit facility contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions that may limit our operational flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The terms of our revolving credit facility include a number of covenants that limit our ability and our subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate with other companies or sell substantially all of our assets, pay dividends, make redemptions and repurchases of stock, make investments, loans and acquisitions, or engage in transactions with affiliates. The terms of our revolving credit facility may restrict our current and future operations and could adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs. In addition, complying with these covenants may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy, including potential acquisitions, and compete against companies which are not subject to such restrictions. 
 A failure by us to comply with the covenants or payment requirements specified in our credit agreement could result in an event of default under the agreement, which would give the lenders the right to terminate their commitments to provide additional loans under our revolving credit facility and to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. If the debt under our revolving credit facility were to be accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash or be able to borrow sufficient funds to refinance the debt or sell sufficient assets to repay the debt, which could immediately adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations, and financial condition. Even if we were able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms or on terms that are acceptable to us. As of December 31, 2022, there were no revolving loans outstanding and 99 million in aggregate face amount of letters of credit issued under our revolving credit facility. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock 
 The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting Agreement between our Co-Founders has the effect of concentrating voting power with Tony Xu, our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chair of our board of directors, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. 
 Our Class A common stock has one vote per share, our Class B common stock has 20 votes per share, and our Class C common stock has no voting rights, except as otherwise required by law. Our Co-Founders together hold all of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2022, Tony Xu, our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chair of our board of directors, Andy Fang, our co-founder, Head of Consumer Engineering, and a member of our board of directors, and Stanley Tang, our co-founder, Head of DoorDash Labs, and a member of our board of directors collectively held 61 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock in aggregate, which voting power may increase over time as our Co-Founders exercise or vest in outstanding equity awards (including those equity awards granted to our Co-Founders prior to our initial public offering ("IPO") and subject to equity exchange right agreements whereby each of our Co-Founders has a right (but not an obligation) to require us to exchange any shares of Class A common stock received upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of Class A common stock or the vesting and settlement of RSUs related to shares of Class A common stock for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock). If all such equity awards held by our Co-Founders (including the CEO Performance Award) had been exercised or vested and exchanged for shares of Class B common stock as of December 31, 2022, our Co-Founders would collectively hold 73 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Our Co-Founders have also entered into the Voting Agreement, whereby Mr. Xu will have the authority (and irrevocable proxy) to direct the vote and vote the shares of Class B common stock held by Messrs. Fang and Tang, and their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees, at his discretion on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. As a result, Mr. Xu will be able to determine or significantly influence any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction. Mr. Xu may have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of our company, and might ultimately affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Further, the separation between voting power and economic interests could cause conflicts of interest between our Co-Founders and our other stockholders, which may result in Mr. Xu undertaking, or causing us to undertake, actions that would be desirable for himself or our Co-Founders but would not be desirable for our other stockholders. 
 Future transfers by the holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares automatically converting into shares of Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning or other transfers among our Co-Founders and their family members. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon (i) the date fixed by our board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more than 180 days following the first date on which the number of shares of our capital stock, including Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock, and any shares of capital stock underlying equity securities or other convertible instruments, held by Mr. Xu and his permitted entities and permitted transferees is less than 35 of the Class B common stock held by Mr. Xu and his permitted entities as of immediately following the completion of our IPO, which we sometimes refer to herein as the "35 Ownership Threshold;" (ii) 12 months after the death or permanent and total disability of Mr. Xu, during which 12-month period the shares of our Class B common stock shall be voted as directed by a person designated by Mr. Xu and approved by our board of directors (or if there is no such person, then our secretary then in office); (iii) the date fixed by our board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more than 180 days following the date on which Mr. Xu is terminated for cause (as defined in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation); or (iv) the date fixed by our board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more than 180 days following the date upon which (A) Mr. Xu is no longer providing services to us as an officer, employee, or consultant and (B) Mr. Xu is no longer a member of our board of directors, either as a result of Mr. Xu s voluntary resignation or as a result of a request or agreement by Mr. Xu at a meeting of our stockholders for Mr. Xu not to be renominated as a member of our board of directors. We refer to the date on which such final conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation occurs as the "Final Conversion Date." 
 We have no current plans to issue shares of our Class C common stock, which entitle the holder to zero votes per share (except as otherwise required by law). These shares will be available to be used in the future to further strategic initiatives, such as financings or acquisitions, or issue future equity awards to our service providers. Over time the issuance of shares of Class A common stock will result in voting dilution to all of our stockholders and this dilution could eventually 
 51 

Table of Contents 

result in our Co-Founders, in particular Mr. Xu, holding less than a majority of our total outstanding voting power. Once our Co-Founders own less than a majority of our total outstanding voting power, Mr. Xu would no longer have the unilateral ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of any matter submitted for a vote of our stockholders. Because the shares of Class C common stock would have no voting rights (except as required by law), the issuance of such shares will not result in further voting dilution, which would prolong the voting control of Mr. Xu. Further, the issuance of such shares of Class C common stock to Mr. Xu would also delay the final conversion of all of our outstanding Class B common stock because shares of Class C common stock issued to Mr. Xu would be counted when determining whether the 35 Ownership Threshold has been met. As a result, the issuance of shares of Class C common stock could prolong the duration of Mr. Xu s control of our voting power and his ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. In addition, we could issue shares of Class C common stock to our Co-Founders and, in that event, they would be able to sell such shares of Class C common stock and achieve liquidity in their holdings without diminishing Mr. Xu s voting control. Any future issuances of shares of Class C common stock will not be subject to approval by our stockholders except as required by the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Although we do not expect to rely on the controlled company exemption under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, we expect to have the right to use such exemption and therefore we could in the future avail ourselves of certain reduced corporate governance requirements. 
 As a result of our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement, our Co-Founders collectively hold a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock as of December 31, 2022, and Mr. Xu will have the authority (and irrevocable proxy) to direct the vote and vote the shares of Class B common stock held by Messrs. Fang and Tang, and their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees, at his discretion on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. Therefore, we are considered a controlled company as that term is set forth in the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. Under these listing standards, a company in which over 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group, or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange regarding corporate governance, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that its nominating or corporate governance committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities and an annual performance evaluation of the committee; and 
 the requirement that its compensation committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities, an annual performance evaluation of the committee, and the rights and responsibilities of the committee relate to any compensation consultant, independent legal advisors, or any other advisor retained by the committee. 
 These requirements would not apply to us if, in the future, we choose to avail ourselves of the controlled company exemption. Although we qualify as a controlled company, we do not currently expect to rely on these exemptions and intend to fully comply with all corporate governance requirements under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. However, if we were to utilize some or all of these exemptions, we would not comply with certain of the corporate governance standards of the New York Stock Exchange, which could adversely affect the protections for other stockholders. 
 We cannot predict the effect our multi-class structure may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock, in adverse publicity, or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multi-class share structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE Russell announced that it plans to require new constituencies of its indices to have greater than 5 of the company s voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, and S P Dow Jones announced that it will no longer admit companies with multi-class share structures to certain of its indices. Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S P 500, S P MidCap 400, and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. Under such announced policies, the multi-class structure of our common stock makes us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to track those indices would not invest in our Class A common stock. These policies are relatively new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the long-term valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible that they may depress valuations, as compared to similar companies that are included. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into 
 52 

Table of Contents 

passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A common stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock include the following: 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 volatility in the trading prices and trading volumes of technology stocks; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our stockholders, as well as the perception that such sales could occur; 
 failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet those projections; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new services or platform features; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC, or those of our competitors or others in our industry; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally; 
 litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 actual or perceived privacy or security breaches or other incidents; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 any significant change in our management; 
 general economic conditions, including the effects of increased inflation and interest rates, and slow or negative growth of our markets; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, public health concerns or epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, or responses to these events. 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 Sale of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our Class A common stock in the market, and the perception that these sales could occur may also depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Certain stockholders are entitled, under our investors rights agreement, to require us to register shares owned by them for public sale in the United States. In addition, we have previously registered shares for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. As a result, subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods, the shares issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options or upon settlement of outstanding RSU awards will be available for immediate resale in the United States in the open market. 
 Sales of our Class A common stock may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales could also cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Class A common stock. 
 We may not realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of our share repurchase programs, and any failure to repurchase our Class A common stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our stock price. 
 We have authorized share repurchase programs in the past and may authorize other share repurchase programs in the future. Under existing or any future share repurchase programs, we may make share repurchases through a variety of methods, including open share market purchases, block transactions, or privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. Our share repurchase programs may have no time limit, may not obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares, and may be suspended at any time at our discretion and without prior notice. The timing and amount of repurchases, if any, will be subject to liquidity, stock price, market and economic conditions, compliance with applicable legal requirements, such as Delaware surplus and solvency tests, management discretion, and other relevant factors. Any failure to repurchase stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us and may negatively impact our stock price. 
 The existence of these share repurchase programs could cause our stock price to be higher than it otherwise would be and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Although these programs are intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance they will do so because the market price of our Class A common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the effectiveness of our repurchase programs. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that our stock repurchases in the past or in the future will be able to successfully mitigate the dilutive effect of the equity awards we grant to our employees. 
 Repurchasing our Class A common stock will reduce the amount of cash we have available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions or business opportunities, and other general corporate requirements, and we may fail to realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of these share repurchase programs. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require the approval of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock; 
 our amended and restated bylaws provide that approval of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock voting as a single class is required for stockholders to amend or adopt any provision of our bylaws; 
 our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement, which provide Tony Xu with the ability to determine or significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock; 
 our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and directors are only able to be removed from office for cause; 
 54 

Table of Contents 

until the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the total combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock (the Voting Threshold Date ), our stockholders will only be able to take action by written consent if such action is first recommended or approved by our board of directors; 
 after the Voting Threshold Date, our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and will not be able to take action by written consent for any matter; 
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting; 
 vacancies on our board of directors will be able to be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders; 
 a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by the chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or a majority of our board of directors; 
 certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware; 
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without further action by our stockholders; and 
 advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate a U.S. state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Nothing in our amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or federal court, subject to applicable law. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. For example, in December 2018, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determined that a provision stating that U.S. federal district courts are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act is not enforceable. Although this decision was reversed by the Delaware Supreme Court in March 2020, courts in other states may still find these provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendation regarding our Class A common stock adversely, the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. The analysts estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations. If any of the analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our Class A common stock adversely, provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities would likely decline. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets and demand for our securities could decrease, which could cause the price and trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends to holders of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, our revolving credit facility contains restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We are headquartered in San Francisco, California, where we have lease commitments for approximately 240,000 square feet of office facilities. We also lease office, retail, warehouse, and distribution facilities in multiple locations in the United States and internationally. We believe that these facilities are suitable to meet our current needs. We may expand our facilities or add new facilities as we add employees, enter new geographic markets, and expand our retail, warehouse, and distribution facilities. We believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available as needed to accommodate any such growth. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings, claims, regulatory inquiries, audits, and governmental investigations (collectively, Legal Proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including suits by merchants, consumers, Dashers, or other third parties (individually or as class actions). 
 The outcomes of our Legal Proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. For some matters for which a material loss is reasonably possible, an estimate of the amount of loss or range of losses is not possible nor are we able to estimate the loss or range of losses that could potentially result from the application of nonmonetary remedies. Until the final resolution of Legal Proceedings, there may be an exposure to a material loss in excess of the amount recorded. 
 Except as set forth below, we are not, and have not been within the past 12 months, party to any material administrative, legal, or arbitration proceeding that may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of DoorDash, and we are not aware of any such proceedings being pending or threatened. 
 Independent contractor classification matters 
 We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, administrative actions, government investigations, and other legal and regulatory proceedings at the federal, state, and municipal levels challenging the classification of Dashers on our platform as independent contractors, and claims that, by the alleged misclassification, we have violated various labor and other laws that would apply to delivery employees. Laws and regulations that govern the status and classification of independent contractors are subject to change and divergent interpretations by various authorities, which can create uncertainty and unpredictability for us. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

We are currently involved in a number of putative class actions, representative actions, such as those brought under PAGA and individual claims both in court as well as arbitration and other matters challenging the classification of Dashers on our platform as independent contractors. In January 2022, the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, granted final approval of a revised settlement agreement pursuant to which we agreed to pay 100 million to the representatives of Dashers that had filed certain actions in California and Massachusetts in settlement of claims under PAGA and class action claims alleging worker misclassification of Dashers (the "Marko settlement"). All legal matters under the Marko settlement have been resolved and all amounts related to the Marko settlement were paid by us during the second quarter of 2022. See the section titled Legal Proceedings in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 for additional information regarding the proceedings related to the Marko settlement. 
 Various other Dashers have challenged or threatened to challenge, and may challenge in the future, their classification on our platform, as an independent contractor under U.S. federal and state and international law, seeking monetary, injunctive, or other relief. We are currently involved in a number of such actions filed by individual Dashers, with many additional claims threatened, including those brought in, or compelled pursuant to our independent contractor agreement to, individual arbitration. In addition, in June 2020, the San Francisco District Attorney filed an action in the Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco, alleging that we misclassified California Dashers as independent contractors as opposed to employees in violation of the California Labor Code and the California Unfair Competition Law, among other allegations. This action is seeking both restitutionary damages and a permanent injunction that would bar us from continuing to classify California Dashers as independent contractors. It is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred; however, the possible range of losses is not estimable given the status of the case. 
 We believe that we have meritorious defenses and intend to dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and defend ourselves vigorously in these matters. Legal Proceedings related to these matters can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs individually and in the aggregate, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 We have been proactively working with state and local governments and regulatory bodies to ensure that our platform can continue to operate in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. New laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations continue to be adopted, implemented, and interpreted in response to our industry and related technologies. For example, the California Legislature passed AB 5, which was signed into law in September 2019 and became effective in January 2020. AB 5 codified the standard in Dynamex regarding contractor classification, expanded its application, and created numerous carve-outs. We, along with certain other companies, supported a campaign for Proposition 22 to address AB 5 and preserve flexibility for California Dashers, which was approved by voters in November 2020 and went into effect in December 2020. However, in February 2021, petitioners consisting of a number of individuals and labor groups filed a writ of mandate petitioning the Alameda County Superior Court to compel the State of California not to enforce any provisions of Proposition 22 as unconstitutional. In August 2021, after a merits hearing, the Alameda County Superior Court issued an order finding that the entirety of Proposition 22 is unenforceable. The California Attorney General, the Protect App-Based Drivers and Services coalition and individual sponsors of Proposition 22 filed appeals in the California Court of Appeal. 
 In addition, several other jurisdictions where we operate may be considering adopting legislation, or we may propose or support legislation, ballot initiatives, or other legislative processes, which would pair worker flexibility and independence with new protections and benefits, and we are engaged in ongoing discussions with Dashers, policy makers, and other stakeholders regarding the future of the type of work that Dashers perform. To the extent other jurisdictions adopt such legislation, or we propose or support legislation, ballot initiatives, or other legislative processes, we would expect our costs related to Dashers in such jurisdictions to increase and we could experience lower order volumes in such jurisdictions if we charge higher fees and commissions as a result of such laws, which would adversely impact our results of operations. Even with the passage of Proposition 22 and similar legislation, such initiatives and legislation could still be challenged and subject to litigation. Additionally, some jurisdictions are considering implementing standards similar to AB 5 to determine worker classification. 
 With the breadth of our geographic scope, the classification of Dashers that utilize our platform as independent contractors may be subject to challenge in other jurisdictions. In particular, through Wolt, we are subject to local regulations and challenges in Europe and Asia to the classification of Wolt courier partners as independent contractors. Further, in certain jurisdictions where there are uncertainties associated with the interpretation of applicable law, we may decide to adopt employment-based models, as Wolt already does in Germany, which could result in certain operational challenges and increased costs and cause us to withdraw from certain countries or decide not to expand our business in or into a certain jurisdiction, which could limit our growth and expansion opportunities. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Consumer protection and other actions 
 We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be involved in other Legal Proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including class action lawsuits and actions brought by government authorities, alleging violations of consumer protection laws, data protection laws, civil rights laws and other laws. In addition, we have been subject to Legal Proceedings related to representations regarding tips paid to Dashers and our former DoorDash Dasher pay model. We dispute any allegations of wrongdoing and intend to continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters. 
 Intellectual property matters 
 We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be involved in Legal Proceedings related to alleged infringement of patents and other intellectual property and, in the ordinary course of business, we receive correspondence from other purported holders of patents and other intellectual property offering to license such property and/or asserting infringement of such property. We dispute any allegation of wrongdoing and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters. 
 Regulatory and administrative investigations, audits, and inquiries 
 We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be the subject of regulatory and administrative investigations, audits, and inquiries conducted by federal, state, or local governmental agencies concerning our business practices, the classification and compensation of Dashers, DoorDash Dasher pay models, compliance with consumer protection laws, privacy, data security, tax issues, unemployment insurance, workers compensation insurance, and other matters. For example, we are currently under audit by the Employment Development Department of the State of California (the "CA EDD") for payroll tax liabilities. In January 2023, the CA EDD issued a negative assessment in connection with such audit. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to the CA EDD s assessment, and intend to vigorously appeal this assessment. For more information on the CA EDD's assessment, see Note 10 "Commitments and Contingencies" included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Results of investigations, audits, and inquiries and related governmental action are inherently unpredictable and, as such, there is always the risk of an investigation, audit, or inquiry having a material impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly in the event that an investigation, audit, or inquiry results in a lawsuit or unfavorable regulatory enforcement or other action. Regardless of the outcome, these matters can have an adverse impact on us in light of the costs associated with cooperating with, or defending against, such matters, and the diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 Personal injury matters 
 We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be involved in Legal Proceedings where various parties may claim that we are liable for damages related to accidents or other incidents involving Dashers who have been active on our platform. We are currently named as a defendant in a number of matters related to accidents or other incidents involving Dashers that utilize our platform. In many of these matters, we believe we have meritorious defenses, dispute the allegations of wrongdoing, and intend to defend ourselves vigorously. There is no pending or threatened legal proceeding that has arisen from these accidents or incidents that individually, in our opinion, is likely to have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations; however, results of litigation and claims are inherently unpredictable and legal proceedings related to such accidents or incidents, in the aggregate, could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, these matters can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs individually and in the aggregate, the diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DASH since December 9, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 Our Class B common stock and Class C common stock are neither listed nor traded. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 228 holders of record of our Class A common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 17 holders of record of our Class B common stock. All shares of our Class B common stock are beneficially owned by Tony Xu, Andy Fang, or Stanley Tang or their affiliates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no holders of our Class C common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We may enter into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements in the future that will restrict our ability to declare or pay cash dividends or make distributions on our capital stock. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of DoorDash, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders on our Class A common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 and the S P 500 IT. An investment of 100 is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock and in each index on December 9, 2020, the date our Class A common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange, and its relative performance is tracked through December 30, 2022, the last trading day in 2022. The graph uses the closing market price on December 9, 2020 of 189.51 per share as the initial value of our Class A common stock. 
 The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Use of Proceeds 
 Our initial public offering of our Class A common stock was effected pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250056), which was declared effective by the SEC on December 8, 2020. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on December 8, 2020, pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those identified below and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. 
 In addition, the section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 Overview 
 DoorDash, Inc. is incorporated in Delaware with headquarters in San Francisco, California. We provide a local commerce platform that enables local businesses to address consumers expectations of ease and immediacy and thrive in today s convenience economy. 
 We operate a local commerce platform that connects merchants, consumers, and Dashers. Our primary offerings are the DoorDash Marketplace, which operates in four countries including the United States, and the Wolt Marketplace, which operates in 23 countries, most of which are in Europe. Both of our Marketplaces provide a suite of services that enable merchants to establish an online presence, generate demand, seamlessly transact with consumers, and fulfill orders primarily through Dashers. As part of our Marketplaces, we also offer Pickup, which allows consumers to place advance orders, skip lines, and pick up their orders conveniently with no consumer fees, as well as DoorDash for Work, which 
 60 

Table of Contents 

provides merchants on our platform with large group orders and catering orders for businesses and events. The DoorDash Marketplace also includes DashPass and the Wolt Marketplace includes Wolt+. DashPass and Wolt+ are our membership products, which provide members with unlimited access to eligible merchants with zero delivery fees and reduced service fees on eligible orders. 
 In addition to our Marketplaces, we offer Platform Services, which primarily includes DoorDash Drive and Wolt Drive, which are white-label delivery fulfillment services that enable merchants that have generated consumer demand through their own channels to fulfill this demand using our platform. Platform Services also includes Storefront, which enables merchants to create their own branded online ordering experience, providing them with a turnkey solution to offer consumers on-demand access to e-commerce without investing in in-house engineering or fulfillment capabilities, and Bbot, which offers merchants solutions for their in-store and online channels, including in-store digital ordering and payments. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On December 9, 2020, we completed our IPO in which we issued and sold 33,000,000 shares of Class A common stock at the public offering price of 102 per share. We received net proceeds of 3.3 billion from sales of our shares in the IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. For additional information, see Note 1 "Organization and Description of Business" included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Financial and Operational Metrics 
 We use the following financial and operational metrics to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Total Orders 816 1,390 1,736 Total Orders Y/Y growth 210 70 25 Marketplace GOV 24,664 41,944 53,414 Marketplace GOV Y/Y growth 207 70 27 Revenue 2,886 4,888 6,583 Revenue Y/Y growth 226 69 35 Net Revenue Margin 11.7 11.7 12.3 GAAP Gross Profit 1,421 2,452 2,824 GAAP Gross Profit as a of Marketplace GOV 5.8 5.8 5.3 Contribution Profit (1) 
 663 1,071 1,567 Contribution Profit as a of Marketplace GOV 2.7 2.6 2.9 GAAP Net Loss including redeemable non-controlling interests (461) (468) (1,368) GAAP Net Loss including redeemable non-controlling interests as a of Marketplace GOV (1.9) (1.1) (2.6) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 189 289 361 Adjusted EBITDA as a of Marketplace GOV 0.8 0.7 0.7 Basic shares, options and RSUs outstanding as of period end 381 393 452 
 (1) Contribution Profit and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information regarding our use of these measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, see the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 
 Total Orders. We define Total Orders as all orders completed through our Marketplaces and Platform Services businesses over the period of measurement. 
 In 2022, Total Orders increased to 1.7 billion, or 25 growth compared to 2021. The increase in Total Orders was driven primarily by growth in consumers and increased consumer engagement as well as our acquisition of Wolt. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Marketplace GOV . We define Marketplace GOV as the total dollar value of orders completed on our Marketplaces, including taxes, tips 5 , and any applicable consumer fees, including membership fees related to DashPass and Wolt+. Marketplace orders include orders completed through Pickup and DoorDash for Work. Marketplace GOV does not include the dollar value of orders, taxes and tips, or fees charged to merchants, for orders fulfilled through Drive and Storefront. 
 In 2022, Marketplace GOV increased to 53.4 billion, or 27 growth compared to 2021, driven primarily by organic growth in Total Orders as well as our acquisition of Wolt. 
 Contribution Profit (Loss). We define Contribution Profit (Loss) as our gross profit (loss) less sales and marketing expense plus (i) depreciation and amortization expense related to cost of revenue, (ii) stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense included in cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, (iii) allocated overhead included in cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, and (iv) inventory write-off related to restructuring. Gross profit (loss) is defined as revenue less (i) cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization and (ii) depreciation and amortization related to cost of revenue. 
 We use Contribution Profit (Loss) to evaluate our operating performance and trends. We believe that Contribution Profit (Loss) is a useful indicator of the economic impact of orders fulfilled through DoorDash as it takes into account the direct expenses associated with generating and fulfilling orders. 
 In 2022, Contribution Profit improved to 1.6 billion, compared to a Contribution Profit of 1.1 billion in 2021, driven primarily by growth in Marketplace GOV, an increase in Net Revenue Margin, defined as revenue expressed as a percentage of Marketplace GOV, and leverage on sales and marketing expenses, partially offset by an increase in cost of revenue. 
 Contribution Profit (Loss) is a non-GAAP financial measure with certa in limitations regarding its usefulness. It does not reflect our financial results in accordance with GAAP as it does not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our consolidated statements of operations. Accordingly, Contribution Profit (Loss) is not indicative of our overall results or an indicator of past or future financial performance. Further, it is not a financial measure of total company profitability and it is neither intended to be used as a proxy for total company profitability nor does it imply profitability for our business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) including redeemable non-controlling interests, adjusted to exclude (i) certain legal, tax, and regulatory settlements, reserves, and expenses, (ii) loss on disposal of property and equipment, (iii) transaction-related costs (primarily consists of acquisition, integration, and investment related costs), (iv) impairment expenses, (v) restructuring charges, (vi) inventory write-off related to restructuring, (vii) provision for (benefit from) income taxes, (viii) interest (income) and expense, (ix) other (income) expense, net, (x) stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense, and (xi) depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a performance measure that we use to assess our operating performance and the operating leverage in our business. 
 In 2022 , Adjusted EBITDA increased to 361 million, compared to Adjusted EBITDA of 289 million in 2021 , as growth in Contribution Profit was partially offset by organic increases in adjusted research and development expenses and adjusted general and administrative expenses, as well as our acquisition of Wolt. 
 Free Cash Flow. We define Free Cash Flow as cash flows from operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software and website development costs. 
 In 2022 , Free Cash Flow decreased to 21 million, compared to Free Cash Flow of 455 million in 2021, driven primarily by changes in operating assets and liabilities and increases in cash outflows from purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software and website development costs. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate a substantial majority of our revenue from orders completed through our Marketplaces and the related commissions charged to partner merchants and fees charged to consumers. Commissions from partner merchants are 
 
 5 Dashers receive 100 of tips. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

based on an agreed-upon rate applied to the total dollar value of goods ordered in exchange for using our Marketplaces to sell the partner merchants products. Fees from consumers are for use of our Marketplaces to arrange for delivery services. We recognize reve nue from Marketplace orders on a net basis as we are an agent for both partner merchants and consumers. Our revenue therefore reflects comm issions charged to partner merchants and fees charged to consumers less (i) Dasher payout and (ii) refunds, credits, and promotions, which includes certain discounts and incentives provided to consumers, including those for referring a new customer. Revenue from our Marketplaces is recognized at the point in time when the consumer obtains control of the merchant s products. 
 We also generate revenue from membership fees paid by consumers for DashPass and Wolt+, which is recognized as part of our Marketplaces revenue. Revenue generated from our DashPass and Wolt+ memberships is recognized on a ratable basis over the contractual period, which is generally one month to one year depending on the type of membership purchased by the consumer. 
 In addition, we generate revenue from other sources, including from our Platform Services, which primarily consists of our Drive and Storefront offerings. We generate revenue from Drive by collecting per-order fees from merchants to arrange for delivery services that fulfill demand generated through their own channels. Revenue from Drive is recognized at the point in time when the consumer obtains control of the merchant s products. 
 Cost of Revenue, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of (i) order management costs, which include payment processing charges, net of rebates issued from payment processors, costs associated with cancelled orders, insurance expenses, costs related to placing orders with non-partner merchants, and costs related to first party product sales, for which we take control of inventory (ii) platform costs, which include costs for onboarding merchants and Dashers, costs for providing support for consumers, merchants, and Dashers, and technology platform infrastructure costs, and (iii) personnel costs, which include personnel-related compensation expenses related to our local operations, support, and other teams, and allocated overhead. Personnel-related compensation expenses primarily include salary, bonus, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense. Allocated overhead is determined based on an allocation of shared costs, such as facilities (including rent and utilities) and information technology costs, among all departments based on employee headcount. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of advertising and other ancillary expenses related to merchant, consumer, and Dasher acquisition, including certain consumer referral credits and Dasher referral fees paid to the referrers to the extent they represent fair value of acquiring a new consumer or a new Dasher, brand marketing expenses, personnel-related compensation expenses for sales and marketing employees, and commissions expense including amortization of deferred contract costs, as well as allocated overhead. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related compensation expenses related to data analytics and the design of, product development of, and improvements to our platform, as well as expenses associated with the licensing of third-party software and allocated overhead. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses primarily consist of legal, tax, and regulatory expenses, which include litigation settlement expenses and sales and indirect taxes, personnel-related compensation expenses related to administrative employees, which include finance and accounting, human resources and legal, chargebacks associated with fraudulent credit card transactions, professional services fees, transaction-related expenses, bad debt expense, and allocated overhead. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses primarily consist of depreciation and amortization expenses associated with our property and equipment and intangible assets. Depreciation primarily includes expenses associated with equipment for merchants, computer equipment and software, office equipment, and leasehold improvements. Amortization includes expenses associated with our capitalized software and website development costs, as well as acquired intangible assets. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Restructuring Charges 
 Restructuring charges primarily consist of separation-related payments and other termination benefit costs associated with a reduction in workforce that is discussed in further detail in Note 17 "Restructuring" included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as costs associated with other restructuring activities in 2022. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest costs primarily related to our revolving credit facility and payment-in-kind interest on our Convertible Notes issued in February 2020. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of adjustments to non-marketable equity securities, including impairment, as well as gains and losses from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency. 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes primarily results from losses generated outside the U.S. for which an income tax benefit was recognized, as well as the income tax expense associated with U.S. state and foreign operations. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our historical consolidated statements of operations data: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Revenue 2,886 4,888 6,583 Costs and expenses: (1) 
 Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below 1,368 2,338 3,588 Sales and marketing 957 1,619 1,682 Research and development 321 430 829 General and administrative 556 797 1,147 Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 120 156 369 Restructuring charges 92 Total costs and expenses 3,322 5,340 7,707 Loss from operations (436) (452) (1,124) Interest income 7 3 32 Interest expense (32) (14) (2) Other income (expense), net 3 (305) Loss before income taxes (458) (463) (1,399) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 3 5 (31) Net loss including redeemable non-controlling interests (461) (468) (1,368) Less: net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests, net of tax (3) Net loss attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders (461) (468) (1,365) 
 64 

Table of Contents 

(1) Costs and expenses include stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 31 46 102 Sales and marketing 37 52 98 Research and development 171 182 365 General and administrative 83 206 313 Restructuring Charges 11 Total stock-based compensation expense 322 486 889 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization related to the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Cost of revenue 97 98 171 Sales and marketing 14 20 81 Research and development 6 30 104 General and administrative 3 8 13 Total depreciation and amortization 120 156 369 
 The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Revenue 100 100 100 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below 47 48 54 Sales and marketing 33 33 26 Research and development 11 9 13 General and administrative 20 16 17 Depreciation and amortization 4 3 6 Restructuring charges 1 Total costs and expenses 115 109 117 Loss from operations (15) (9) (17) Interest income 1 Interest expense (1) Other income (expense), net (5) Loss before income taxes (16) (9) (21) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes Net loss including redeemable non-controlling interests (16) (9) (21) Less: net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests, net of tax Net loss attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders (16) (9) (21) 
 Comparison of the Years Ended 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Revenue 2,886 4,888 6,583 1,695 35 
 Revenue increased by 1.7 billion, or 35 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a 27 increase in Marketplace GOV to 53.4 billion. For 2022, revenue grew at a faster rate than Marketplace GOV primarily due to improvements in Dasher supply. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Cost of Revenue, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 1,368 2,338 3,588 1,250 53 
 Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased by 1.3 billion, or 53 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 813 million in order management costs and an increase of 190 million in platform costs, driven primarily by growth in Total Orders and Marketplace GOV. Order management costs also increased due to an increase in insurance reserves, and costs associated with our first-party distribution business. Additionally, personnel-related compensation expenses and allocated overhead increased by 226 million driven by increased headcount. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Sales and marketing 957 1,619 1,682 63 4 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 63 million, or 4 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase of 138 million in personnel-related compensation expenses and allocated overhead due to increased headcount, partially offset by a decrease of 66 million in advertising expenses. 
 Research and Development 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Research and development 321 430 829 399 93 
 Research and development expenses increased by 399 million, or 93 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase of 460 million in personnel-related compensation expenses and allocated overhead due to increased headcount, partially offset by an increase in capitalized software and website development costs of 92 million. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change General and administrative 556 797 1,147 350 44 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 350 million, or 44 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase of 213 million in personnel-related compensation expenses and allocated overhead due to increased headcount and an increase of 58 million in transaction-related costs primarily associated with the acquisition of Wolt. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Depreciation and amortization 120 156 369 213 137 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by 213 million, or 137 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase of 94 million in amortization expenses related to capitalized software and website development costs and an increase of 87 million in amortization expenses for acquired intangible assets. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Restructuring Charges 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Restructuring Charges 92 92 
 Percentage not meaningful . 
 Restructuring charges were 92 million, in 2022. The charge was primarily the result of a reduction in workforce announced in November 2022 consisting of 82 million of separation-related payments and other termination benefit costs. 
 Interest Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Interest income 7 3 32 29 967 
 Interest income increased by 29 million, or 967 , in 2022 , compared to 2021 . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in average interest rates earned on our investments during 2022. 
 Interest Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Interest expense (32) (14) (2) 12 (86) 
 Interest expense was not material for 2022 and 2021 . 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Other income (expense), net 3 (305) (305) 
 Percentage not meaningful . 
 Other income (expense), net, decreased by 305 million in 2022, compared to 2021 . The decrease was primarily driven by a 312 million impairment to an investment in non-marketable equity securities. 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 to 2022 (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Change Change Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 3 5 (31) (36) 
 Percentage not meaningful . 
 The provision for income taxes decreased by 36 million, in 2022 , compared to 2021 . The decrease in income tax expense was primarily driven by losses from non-U.S. operations which were acquired during 2022. A partial income tax benefit was recognized for these losses and the remaining income tax benefit was offset by a valuation allowance. As a result of the valuation allowance, such income tax benefit is not expected to recur in the future. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use adjusted cost of revenue, adjusted sales and marketing expense, adjusted research and development expense, adjusted general and administrative expense, Contribution Profit (Loss), Contribution Margin, Adjusted Gross Profit (Loss), Adjusted Gross Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Free Cash Flow in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our overall 
 67 

Table of Contents 

assessment of our performance, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies and to communicate with our board of directors concerning our business and financial performance. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors about our business and financial performance, enhance their overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allow for greater transparency with respect to metrics used by our management in their financial and operational decision making. We are presenting these non-GAAP financial measures to assist investors in seeing our business and financial performance through the eyes of management, and because we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide an additional tool for investors to use in comparing results of operations of our business over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. 
 Our definitions may differ from the definitions used by other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition, other companies may not publish these or similar metrics. Further, these metrics have certain limitations in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our consolidated statements of operations. Thus, our adjusted cost of revenue, adjusted sales and marketing expense, adjusted research and development expense, adjusted general and administrative expense, Contribution Profit (Loss), Contribution Margin, Adjusted Gross Profit (Loss), Adjusted Gross Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Free Cash Flow should be considered in addition to, not as substitutes for, or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 We compensate for these limitations by providing a reconciliation of adjusted cost of revenue, adjusted sales and marketing expense, adjusted research and development expense, adjusted general and administrative expense, Contribution Profit (Loss), Contribution Margin, Adjusted Gross Profit (Loss), Adjusted Gross Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Free Cash Flow to their respective related GAAP financial measures. We encourage investors and others to review our business, results of operations, and financial information in its entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure, and to view adjusted cost of revenue, adjusted sales and marketing expense, adjusted research and development expense, adjusted general and administrative expense, Contribution Profit (Loss), Contribution Margin, Adjusted Gross Profit (Loss), Adjusted Gross Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Free Cash Flow in conjunction with their respective related GAAP financial measures. 
 Adjusted Cost of Revenue 
 We define adjusted cost of revenue as cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, excluding stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense, allocated overhead, and inventory write-off related to restructuring. We exclude stock-based compensation as it is non-cash in nature and we exclude allocated overhead as it is generally a fixed cost and is not directly impacted by Total Orders. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, to adjusted cost of revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 1,368 2,338 3,588 Adjusted to exclude the following Stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense (32) (48) (103) Allocated overhead (18) (25) (32) Inventory write-off related to restructuring (2) Adjusted cost of revenue 1,318 2,265 3,451 
 Adjusted Sales and Marketing Expense 
 We define adjusted sales and marketing expense as sales and marketing expenses excluding stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense and allocated overhead. We exclude stock-based compensation as it is non-cash in nature and we exclude allocated overhead as it is generally a fixed cost and is not directly impacted by Total Orders. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

The following table provides a reconciliation of sales and marketing expense to adjusted sales and marketing expense: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Sales and marketing 957 1,619 1,682 Adjusted to exclude the following Stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense (38) (53) (98) Allocated overhead (14) (14) (19) Adjusted sales and marketing 905 1,552 1,565 
 Adjusted Research and Development Expense 
 We define adjusted research and development expense as research and development expenses excluding stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense and allocated overhead. We exclude stock-based compensation as it is non-cash in nature and we exclude allocated overhead as it is generally a fixed cost and is not directly impacted by Total Orders. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of research and development expense to adjusted research and development expense: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Research and development 321 430 829 Adjusted to exclude the following: Stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense (177) (186) (366) Allocated overhead (14) (13) (16) Adjusted research and development 130 231 447 
 Adjusted General and Administrative Expense 
 We define adjusted general and administrative expense as general and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense, certain legal, tax, and regulatory settlements, reserves, and expenses, transaction-related costs (primarily consists of acquisition, integration, and investment related costs), impairment expenses, and including allocated overhead from cost of revenue, sales and marketing, and research and development. We exclude stock-based compensation as it is non-cash in nature and we exclude certain legal, tax, and regulatory settlements, reserves, and expenses, transaction-related costs, impairment expenses, as well as restructuring charges, as these costs are not indicative of our operating performance. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of general and administrative expense to adjusted general and administrative expense: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 General and administrative 556 797 1,147 Adjusted to exclude the following: Stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense (86) (210) (313) Certain legal, tax, and regulatory settlements, reserves, and expenses (1) 
 (160) (77) (72) Transaction-related costs (2) 
 (1) (10) (68) Impairment expenses (3) 
 (11) (1) (2) Allocated overhead from cost of revenue, sales and marketing, and research and development 46 52 67 Adjusted general and administrative 344 551 759 
 
 (1) We exclude certain costs and expenses from our calculation of adjusted general and administrative expense because management believes that these costs and expenses are not indicative of our core operating performance, do not reflect the underlying economics of our business, and are not necessary to operate our business. These excluded costs and expenses consist of (i) certain legal costs primarily related to worker classification matters, (ii) reserves for the collection of sales and indirect taxes that we do not expect to incur on a recurring basis, (iii) costs related to the settlement of an intellectual property matter, (iv) expenses related to supporting various policy matters, including those related to worker classification and price controls, and (v) donations as part of our relief efforts in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia's invasion of Ukraine. We believe it is appropriate to exclude the foregoing matters from our calculation of adjusted general and administrative expense because (1) the timing and magnitude of such expenses are unpredictable and thus not part of management s budgeting or forecasting 
 69 

Table of Contents 

process, and (2) with respect to worker classification matters, management currently expects such expenses will not be material to our results of operations over the long term as a result of increasing legislative and regulatory certainty in this area, including as a result of Proposition 22 in California and similar legislation. 
 (2) Consists of acquisition, integration, and investment related costs, primarily related to the Wolt acquisition for 2022. 
 (3) Consists of impairment expense related to an operating lease right-of-use asset associated with our former headquarters. 
 Contribution Profit (Loss) 
 We use Contribution Profit (Loss) to evaluate our operating performance and trends. We believe that Contribution Profit (Loss) is a useful indicator of the economic impact of orders fulfilled through DoorDash as it takes into account the direct expenses associated with generating and fulfilling orders. We define Contribution Profit (Loss) as our gross profit (loss) less sales and marketing expense plus (i) depreciation and amortization expense related to cost of revenue, (ii) stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense included in cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, (iii) allocated overhead included in cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses, and (iv) inventory write-off related to restructuring. We define gross margin as gross profit (loss) as a percentage of revenue for the same period and we define Contribution Margin as Contribution Profit (Loss) as a percentage of revenue for the same period. 
 Gross profit (loss) is the most directly comparable financial measure to Contribution Profit (Loss). The following table provides a reconciliation of gross profit to Contribution Profit: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Revenue 2,886 4,888 6,583 Less: Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization (1,368) (2,338) (3,588) Less: Depreciation and amortization related to cost of revenue (97) (98) (171) Gross profit 1,421 2,452 2,824 Gross Margin 49.2 50.2 42.9 Less: Sales and marketing (957) (1,619) (1,682) Add: Depreciation and amortization related to cost of revenue 97 98 171 Add: Stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense included in cost of revenue and sales and marketing 70 101 201 Add: Allocated overhead included in cost of revenue and sales and marketing 32 39 51 Add: Inventory write-off related to restructuring 2 Contribution Profit 663 1,071 1,567 Contribution Margin 23.0 21.9 23.8 
 Adjusted Gross Profit (Loss) 
 We define Adjusted Gross Profit (Loss) as gross profit (loss) plus (i) depreciation and amortization expense related to cost of revenue, (ii) stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense included in cost of revenue, (iii) allocated overhead included in cost of revenue, and (iv) inventory write-off related to restructuring. Gross profit (loss) is defined as revenue less (i) cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization and (ii) depreciation and amortization related to cost of revenue. Adjusted Gross Margin is defined as Adjusted Gross Profit (Loss) as a percentage of revenue for the same period. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of gross profit to Adjusted Gross Profit: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except percentages) 2020 2021 2022 Gross profit 1,421 2,452 2,824 Add: Depreciation and amortization related to cost of revenue 97 98 171 Add: Stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense included in cost of revenue 32 48 103 Add: Allocated overhead included in cost of revenue 18 25 32 Add: Inventory write-off related to restructuring 2 Adjusted Gross Profit 1,568 2,623 3,132 Adjusted Gross Margin 54.3 53.7 47.6 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a measure that we use to assess our operating performance and the operating leverage in our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) including redeemable non-controlling interests, adjusted to exclude (i) certain legal, tax, and regulatory settlements, reserves, and expenses, (ii) loss on disposal of property and equipment, (iii) transaction-related costs (primarily consists of acquisition, integration, and investment related costs), (iv) impairment expenses, (v) restructuring charges, (vi) inventory write-off related to restructuring, (vii) provision for (benefit from) income taxes, (viii) interest (income) expense, net, (ix) other (income) expense, net, (x) stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense, and (xi) depreciation and amortization expense. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss including redeemable non-controlling interests to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Net loss including redeemable non-controlling interests (461) (468) (1,368) Certain legal, tax, and regulatory settlements, reserves, and expenses (1) 
 160 77 72 Transaction-related costs (2) 
 1 10 68 Impairment expenses (3) 
 11 1 2 Restructuring charges 92 Inventory write-off related to restructuring 2 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 3 5 (31) Interest (income) expense, net 25 11 (30) Other (income) expense, net (4) 
 (3) 305 Stock-based compensation expense and certain payroll tax expense (5) 
 333 497 880 Depreciation and amortization expense 120 156 369 Adjusted EBITDA 189 289 361 
 (1) We exclude certain costs and expenses from our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA because management believes that these costs and expenses are not indicative of our core operating performance, do not reflect the underlying economics of our business, and are not necessary to operate our business. These excluded costs and expenses consist of (i) certain legal costs primarily related to worker classification matters, (ii) reserves for the collection of sales and indirect taxes that we do not expect to incur on a recurring basis, (iii) costs related to the settlement of an intellectual property matter, (iv) expenses related to supporting various policy matters, including those related to worker classification and price controls, and (v) donations as part of our relief efforts in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia's invasion of Ukraine. We believe it is appropriate to exclude the foregoing matters from our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA because (1) the timing and magnitude of such expenses are unpredictable and thus not part of management s budgeting or forecasting process, and (2) with respect to worker classification matters, management currently expects such expenses will not be material to our results of operations over the long term as a result of increasing legislative and regulatory certainty in this area, including as a result of Proposition 22 in California and similar legislation. 
 (2) Consists of acquisition, integration, and investment related costs, primarily related to the Wolt acquisition for 2022. 
 (3) Consists of impairment expense related to an operating lease right-of-use asset associated with our former headquarters. 
 (4) Consists primarily of adjustments to non-marketable equity securities, including impairment, for 2022. 
 (5) Excludes stock-based compensation related to restructuring, which is included in restructuring charges in the table above. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We define Free Cash Flow as cash flows from operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software and website development costs. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to Free Cash Flow: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 252 692 367 Purchases of property and equipment (106) (129) (176) Capitalized software and website development costs (53) (108) (170) Free Cash Flow 93 455 21 
 Credit Facilities 
 On November 19, 2019, we entered into a revolving credit and guaranty agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., an affiliate of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, an affiliate of Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, which, as amended and restated on August 7, 2020, and further amended on October 31, 2022, provides for a 300 
 71 

Table of Contents 

million unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on August 7, 2025, which increased to 400 million in aggregate revolving commitments upon the consummation of our IPO, with a sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate face amount of up to 200 million. Loans under the credit facility bear interest, at our option, at (i) a base rate equal to the highest of (A) the prime rate, (B) the higher of the federal funds rate or a composite overnight bank borrowing rate plus 0.50 , or (C) an adjusted SOFR rate for a one-month interest period plus 1.00 , or (ii) an adjusted SOFR rate (based on an interest period of one, three, or six months) plus a margin equal to 1.00 . We are also obligated to pay other customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type, including letter of credit fees, an upfront fee, and an unused commitment fee. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants under the revolving credit and guaranty agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no revolving loans were outstanding under the credit facility. 
 We maintain letters of credit established primarily for real estate leases and insurance policies. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we had 60 million and 132 million of issued letters of credit outstanding, respectively, of which 39 million and 99 million were issued under the revolving credit and guaranty agreement. 
 Convertible Notes 
 On February 19, 2020, we issued 340 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes pursuant to the Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2020, among us, Caviar, and the investors party thereto. We received net proceeds of 333 million, net of 2 million in debt issuance costs and an original issue discount of 5 million. The interest rate under the Convertible Notes was 10.00 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. In February 2021, we repaid the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the Convertible Notes in full for 375 million. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 In December 2020, we completed our IPO in which we received net proceeds of 3.3 billion from sales of shares of our Class A common stock in the IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 3.9 billion, which consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 2.0 billion, and short-term marketable securities of 1.5 billion and long-term marketable securities of 397 million. Additionally, funds held at payment processors of 441 million represent cash due from our payment processors for cleared transactions with merchants and consumers, as well as funds remitted to payment processors for Dasher payout. Cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash on deposit with banks as well as institutional money market funds and commercial paper. Marketable securities consisted of commercial paper, corporate bonds, U.S. government agency securities, and U.S. Treasury securities. 
 We have generated significant operating losses from our operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit of 3.8 billion as of December 31, 2022. To execute on our strategic initiatives to continue to grow our business, we may incur operating losses and generate negative cash flows from operations in the future, and as a result, we may require additional capital resources. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with the 400 million in available borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditures needs for at least the next 12 months and beyond. We have an obligation to our insurance provider which requires us to set aside collateral of up to 265 million in an escrow account. As of December 31, 2022, we had established and deposited into an escrow account an amount of 199 million, which is restricted from general use. We deposited the remaining collateral amount of 66 million on February 1, 2023. 
 In February 2023, we announced the authorization of a share repurchase program for the repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock, in an aggregate amount up to 750 million. This program is in addition to the prior repurchase program for the repurchase of 400 million shares of our Class A common stock, which was completed in the third quarter of 2022. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases may be structured to occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. We may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans to facilitate repurchases of our Class A common stock under this authorization. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased may depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to our growth, our ability to attract and retain merchants, consumers, and Dashers that utilize our platform, the continuing market acceptance of our offerings, the timing and extent of spending to support our efforts to develop our platform, and the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending for policy and worker classification initiatives. Further, we may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in businesses, products, services, and technologies. We may be 
 72 

Table of Contents 

required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2020 2021 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 252 692 367 Net cash used in investing activities (192) (2,047) (300) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 3,996 (483) (375) Foreign currency effect on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 2 (1) (10) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 4,058 (1,839) (318) 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 367 million for 2022 . This primarily consisted of a net loss of 1.4 billion, adjusted for certain non-cash items, which primarily includes 889 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expense, 369 million of depreciation and amortization expense and non-cash reduction of operating lease right-of-use assets, 303 million of adjustments to non-marketable equity securities, including impairment, net, and accretion of operating lease liabilities of 81 million, as well as 73 million net inflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily driven by an increase in our accrued expenses. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities for 2022 compared to 2021 was mainly due to the increase in net loss for 2022 . 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 692 million for 2021 . This consisted of a net loss of 468 million, offset by non-cash stock-based compensation expense of 486 million, non-cash depreciation and amortization expense of 156 million, non-cash reduction of operating lease right-of-use assets and accretion of operating lease liabilities of 52 million, and non-cash bad debt expense of 36 million, as well as 391 million net inflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily driven by an increase in our accrued expenses. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 300 million for 2022 , which primarily consisted of purchases of marketable securities of 1.9 billion, purchases of property and equipment of 176 million, cash outflows for capitalized software and website development costs of 170 million, and purchases of non-marketable equity securities of 15 million, offset by proceeds from the sales and maturities of marketable securities of 1.9 billion and net cash acquired in acquisitions of 71 million. 
 Cash used in investing activities was 2.0 billion for 2021 , which primarily consisted of purchases of marketable securities of 2.3 billion, purchases of non-marketable equity securities of 409 million, purchases of property and equipment of 129 million, cash outflows for capitalized software and website development costs of 108 million, offset by proceeds from the sales and maturities of marketable securities of 944 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used by financing activities was 375 million for 2022 , which consisted repurchases of our Class A common stock of 400 million, partially offset by cash received from other financing activities of 14 million and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 11 million. 
 Cash used by financing activities was 483 million for 2021 , which consisted of 333 million of repayment of the convertible promissory notes, 172 million of cash outflows for taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards, and 10 million of payment of deferred offering costs, partially offset by 32 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and 
 73 

Table of Contents 

liabilities and the related disclosures at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period presented. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be affected. 
 We believe that the accounting policies described below involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see Note 2 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" included Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC 606 . We generate a substantial majority of our revenue from orders completed through our Marketplaces and the related commissions charged to partner merchants and fees charged to consumers. A partner merchant represents a merchant that has entered into a contractual agreement with DoorDash. Revenue from our Marketplaces is recognized at the point in time when the consumer obtains control of the merchant s products. We also generate revenue from membership fees paid by consumers for DashPass, which is recognized as part of our Marketplaces. Revenue generated from DashPass and Wolt+ memberships is recognized on a ratable basis over the contractual period, which is generally one month to one year depending on the type of membership purchased by the consumer. In addition, we also generate revenue from our Drive offering by collecting per-order fees from merchants that use our local commerce platform to arrange for delivery services that fulfill demand generated through their own channels. Revenue from Drive is recognized at the point in time when the consumer obtains control of the merchant s products. 
 Our local commerce platform facilitates orders between consumers and partner merchants. Separately, the platform arranges for consumers to obtain delivery service from Dashers. We determined that the order facilitation service and delivery facilitation service are distinct performance obligations and therefore considered whether it is a principal or agent separately for each of these items. The order facilitation service and the delivery facilitation service are distinct given that the consumer can benefit from each item separately. Further, the order facilitation service and delivery facilitation service are separately identifiable as the nature of the promises are to transfer the order facilitation service and delivery facilitation service individually, rather than as a combined item. 
 Principal vs. Agent Considerations 
 Judgment is required in determining whether we are the principal or the agent in transactions with partner merchants, consumers, and Dashers. As it relates to the accounting for order facilitation services and delivery facilitation services, we evaluated whether to present revenue on a gross versus net basis based on whether we control each specified good or service before it is provided to the consumer in Marketplace transactions. 
 With respect to order facilitation services, we have determined that we are an agent for partner merchants in facilitating the sale of products to the consumer through our Marketplaces. The consumer accesses our local commerce platform to identify merchants and places an order for merchants products. These orders are picked up from partner merchants and delivered to consumers by Dashers. We do not control the products prior to them being transferred to the consumer as it neither has the ability to redirect the products to another consumer nor does it obtain any economic benefit from the products. 
 With respect to the vast majority of our delivery facilitation services, we have determined that we are acting as an agent for the consumer in facilitating the delivery of products by connecting consumers with Dashers. As our role with the delivery facilitation service is only to arrange for a delivery opportunity to be offered to prospective Dashers, we do not control how the delivery service is ultimately provided to the consumer. 
 In the vast majority of our transactions with end-users, we are an agent in facilitating the sale of products and delivery services, thus we report revenue on a net basis, reflecting amounts collected from consumers, less amounts remitted to merchants and Dashers. 
 We recognize revenue from both partner merchants and consumers for each successfully completed transaction. We satisfy our performance obligations to a partner merchant when there is a successful sale of the merchant s products and we meet our performance obligation to a consumer once the Dasher has picked up the products from the merchant for delivery to the consumer. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Gift Cards 
 We sell gift cards to consumers that can be redeemed through our Marketplaces. Those gift cards have no expiration date and administrative fees are not charged on unused gift cards. In prior periods, with limited history as to consumers' redemption patterns, proceeds from the sale of gift cards were fully deferred and recorded as contract liabilities until consumers use the card to place orders on its platform. When gift cards are redeemed, revenue is recognized on a net basis as the difference between the amounts collected from consumers less amounts remitted to merchants and Dashers. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we concluded that we had developed sufficient historical evidence regarding the pattern of consumer redemptions of gift cards to have the ability to estimate the portion of outstanding gift cards that will never be redeemed breakage and for which there is no legal obligation to remit the value of the unredeemed gift cards to the relevant jurisdiction as unclaimed or abandoned property. We recognize the breakage amounts as revenue, proportionate to the pattern of revenue recognition for the gift card redemptions. We recorded 48 million and 47 million of gift card breakage revenue during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Estimating future breakage rates requires judgment based on current and historical patterns of redemption, and the actual breakage rates may vary from the estimate. 
 Dasher Incentives and Referrals 
 We offer various incentives to Dashers, which are primarily recorded within Dasher payout and reduce revenue. These are offered in various forms and include: 
 Peak pay : We make additional payments to Dashers to incentivize them to accept delivery opportunities during peak demand time. 
 Dasher referrals : We offer referral bonuses to referring Dashers, as well as to referred Dashers, once the new Dasher has met certain qualifying conditions. We expense the fair value of payments made to the referring Dashers as incurred in sales and marketing expenses in our consolidated statements of operations, since the marketing of our platform to acquire new Dashers represents a distinct benefit to us. The portion of these referral bonuses in excess of the fair value of payments made to the referring Dashers is accounted for as a reduction of revenue. Payments made to the referred Dashers are recorded within Dasher payout and reduce revenue at the time the corresponding revenue transaction is recorded. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, allocation of the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Acquisition costs, such as legal and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred. 
 Insurance Reserves 
 We utilize third-party insurance which include retained insurance deductibles to insure costs including auto liability related to both bodily injury and physical damage, and uninsured and underinsured motorists up to a certain dollar retention limit. The recorded insurance reserves reflect the estimated cost for claims incurred but not paid and claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. The estimate of our ultimate deductible obligation utilizes actuarial techniques applied to historical claim and loss experience. Given our limited operational history, we use assumptions based on actuarial judgments with consideration toward relevant industry claim and loss development factors, which includes the development time frame and settlement patterns, and expected loss rates. Reserves are periodically reviewed and adjusted as necessary as experience develops or new information becomes known. However, ultimate results may differ from our estimates, which could result in losses over our reserved amounts. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount or range can be reasonably estimated. We disclose material contingencies when we believe that a loss is not probable but reasonably possible. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. We review these provisions on a quarterly basis and adjust these provisions accordingly to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information. 
 The outcome of legal matters and litigation is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against us for amounts in excess of management s expectations, our results of operations, and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period, could be materially adversely affected. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" included Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks in connection with our business, which primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange risks. 
 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk 
 Our investment portfolio consists of short-term fixed income securities, including government and investment-grade debt securities and money market funds. These securities are classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses, net of tax reported as a separate component of stockholders deficit within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Our investment policy and strategy are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Based on our investment portfolio balance as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would not have materially affected our consolidated financial statements. We currently do not hedge these interest rate exposures. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 Our non-marketable equity investments consist of investments in privately-held companies that we hold for purposes other than trading. These investments are inherently risky because there is no established market for these securities and the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. As such, we could lose our entire investment in these companies. However, we believe that market sensitivities are not practicable. 
 The aggregate carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments was 409 million and 124 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Adjustments or impairments are recorded in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations and establish a new carrying value for the investment. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Transaction Exposure 
 We transact business globally and have international revenue, as well as costs, denominated in multiple currencies, primarily the Euro, Canadian dollars, Israeli shekel and Australian dollars. This exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates are reflected in reported income (loss) from our international businesses included in our consolidated statements of operations. A continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar would therefore reduce reported revenue and expenses from our international businesses included in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income (loss) as a result of transaction gains or losses related to revaluing and ultimately settling certain asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. Foreign currency gains and losses were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022. Based on our foreign currency exposures from 
 76 

Table of Contents 

monetary assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022, we estimated that a 10 change in exchange rates against the U.S. dollar would not have resulted in a material gain or loss. 
 Translation Exposure 
 We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we translate the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars would result in a gain or loss recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss which is part of stockholders equity (deficit). 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Pages Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 79 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests, Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 85 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 87 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 88 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 DoorDash, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of DoorDash, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, redeemable non-controlling interests, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 The Company acquired Bbot, LLC Bbot and Wolt Enterprises Oy Wolt during 2022, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, Bbot s and Wolt s internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets (excluding acquired goodwill and intangible assets) of 5 and total revenues of 4 included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Bbot and Wolt. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Acquisition-date fair value of acquired intangible assets 
 
 As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, on May 31, 2022, the Company acquired Wolt Enterprises Oy (Wolt) in a business combination for 2,838 million, which was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting that requires allocation of the fair value of the purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The Company recognized an acquired merchant relationships intangible asset associated with the generation of future income from Wolt s existing merchants using a replacement cost method. Additionally, the Company recognized a trademark intangible asset associated with the value of Wolt s brand name and an existing technology intangible asset associated with Wolt s existing online and mobile platform for restaurant and grocery delivery and pickup orders using a relief-from-royalty method. The acquisition-date fair values of the merchant relationships, trademark, and existing technology intangible assets were 236 million, 268 million and 150 million, respectively. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the acquisition-date fair value measurements of the aforementioned intangible assets as a critical audit matter. Due to limited observable market information, a high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate certain assumptions used to estimate the fair values, including the discount rate used in the valuation of each of the aforementioned intangible assets, and the revenue growth rates used in the valuation of the trademark and existing technology intangible assets. The estimated acquisition-date fair values of the aforementioned intangible assets were sensitive to changes to these assumptions. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s acquisition-date valuation process, including controls related to the development of the estimated revenue growth rates and discount rate. We evaluated the Company s forecasted revenue growth rates by comparing them to those of Wolt s comparable peers and industry reports. We compared the Company s estimate of forecasted revenue growth in the first year to Wolt s actual results to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the appropriateness of the comparable companies selected by the Company s third-party valuation advisor used to determine the revenue growth rates by assessing the business description of the comparable companies and the industries in which they operate; and 
 evaluating the discount rate used in the valuation of the aforementioned intangible assets by (1) assessing the reasonableness of the estimated market participant weighted average cost of capital (WACC) through a comparison of inputs to available market data, and (2) evaluating the reasonableness of the discount from the 
 80 

Table of Contents 

WACC to the discount rate used in the valuation of the aforementioned intangible assets by assessing the risk of the individual assets relative to the overall acquired business through a weighted average return on assets analysis. 
 
 Evaluation of Insurance Reserves 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company utilizes third-party insurance which include retained insurance deductibles to insure costs including auto liability related to both bodily injury and physical damage, and uninsured and underinsured motorists up to a certain dollar retention limit. The retained insurance deductibles reserves reflect the estimated cost for claims incurred but not paid and claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. The estimate of the Company s retained insurance deductibles reserves as of December 31, 2022 was 418 million. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the Company's retained insurance deductibles reserves as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of the key assumptions used to estimate the liability, specifically the loss development factors and expected loss rates involved significant measurement uncertainty requiring complex auditor judgment. Specialized skill and knowledge were necessary to evaluate the methods and key assumptions used to determine the liability. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s retained insurance deductibles reserves process. This included controls over the development of the key assumptions related to loss development factors and expected loss rates. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in developing an independent range of the retained insurance deductibles reserves by selecting loss development factors and expected loss rates, and comparing it to the amount recorded by the Company. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands, and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term marketable securities Funds held at payment processors Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Long-term marketable securities Operating lease right-of-use assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Non-marketable equity securities Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Redeemable non-controlling interests Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value, Class A shares authorized as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, and Class A shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively; Class B shares authorized as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, and Class B shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively; Class C shares authorized as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, Class C shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands, and per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2020 2021 2022 Revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Restructuring charges Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net loss including redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests, net of tax ) Net loss attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted-average number of shares outstanding used to compute net loss per share attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in millions) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2020 2021 2022 Net loss including redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Change in foreign currency translation adjustments ) Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Other Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss including redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Comprehensive loss attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands) 
 
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of January 1, 2020 ) ) Issuance of Series H redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of offering costs, underwriting discounts and commissions Repurchase and retirement of preferred stock ) Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock in connection with initial public offering ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of common stock warrants Issuance of common stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands) 
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Shares issued related to the acquisition of Wolt Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Recognition of redeemable non-controlling interest upon capital investment Net loss ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 
 2020 2021 2022 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss including redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Bad debt expense Reduction of operating lease right-of-use assets and accretion of operating lease liabilities Non-cash interest expense Adjustments to non-marketable equity securities, including impairment, net Other Changes in assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed from acquisitions: Funds held at payment processors ) ) ) Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Payments for operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized software and website development costs ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Sales of marketable securities Maturities of marketable securities Purchases of non-marketable equity securities ) ) Net cash acquired (used) in acquisitions ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of underwriter discounts Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net of issuance costs Proceeds from exercise of stock options Deferred offering costs paid ) ) Repayment of convertible notes ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Other financing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Foreign currency effect on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering Purchases of property and equipment not yet settled Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Stock-based compensation included in capitalized software and website development costs Holdback consideration for acquisitions 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 countries including the United States, and the Wolt Marketplace, which operates in countries, most of which are in Europe. Both the DoorDash Marketplace and the Wolt Marketplace ("Marketplaces") provide a suite of services that enable merchants to establish an online presence, generate demand, seamlessly transact with consumers, and fulfill orders primarily through independent contractors who use the Company s platform to deliver orders Dashers ). As part of the Marketplaces, the Company also offers Pickup, which allows consumers to place advance orders, skip lines, and pick up their orders conveniently with no consumer fees, as well as DoorDash for Work, which provides merchants on the Company s platform with large group orders and catering orders for businesses and events. The DoorDash Marketplace also includes DashPass and the Wolt Marketplace includes Wolt+. DashPass and Wolt+ are the Company s membership products, which provide members with unlimited access to eligible merchants with zero delivery fees and reduced service fees on eligible orders. In addition to the Marketplaces, the Company offers Platform Services, which primarily includes DoorDash Drive and Wolt Drive ("Drive"), which are white-label delivery fulfillment services that enable merchants that have generated consumer demand through their own channels to fulfill this demand using the Company s platform. Platform Services also includes DoorDash Storefront ("Storefront"), which enables merchants to create their own branded online ordering experience, providing them with a turnkey solution to offer consumers on-demand access to e-commerce without investing in in-house engineering or fulfillment capabilities, and Bbot ("Bbot"), which offers merchants solutions for their in-store and online channels, including in-store digital ordering and payments. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On December 9, 2020, the Company completed its initial public offering ("IPO") in which it issued and sold million shares of its Class A common stock at the public offering price of per share. The Company received net proceeds of billion after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs. 
 Immediately prior to the completion of the IPO, all shares of the Company s outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock automatically converted into million shares of its common stock. Additionally, immediately prior to the completion of the IPO, the Company filed its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which authorizes a total of billion shares of Class A common stock, million shares of Class B common stock, billion shares of Class C common stock, and million shares of preferred stock. Upon the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, million shares of the Company s common stock were automatically reclassified into an equivalent number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Reclassification ). Immediately after the Reclassification and prior to the completion of the IPO, a total of million shares of Class A common stock held by Tony Xu, Andy Fang, Stanley Tang, and their respective affiliated trusts were exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of certain exchange agreements. As a result, following the completion of the IPO, the Company has three classes of authorized common stock: Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock, of which Class A common stock and Class B common stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 The Company granted certain employees restricted stock units RSUs with both service-based and liquidity event-related performance vesting conditions ("IPO Vested RSUs"). Upon the consummation of the Company s IPO, the Company recognized million of stock-based compensation expense for IPO Vested RSUs as the performance vesting condition was satisfied. One share of Class A common stock for each of the IPO Vested RSUs was settled and delivered on June 7, 2021 (the IPO Vested RSU Settlement Date ). The future tax benefits on settlement of the above RSUs is not expected to be material as currently the Company has established valuation allowances to reduce its net deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

shares of Class A common stock subject to the vesting of the IPO Vested RSUs and paid million to the relevant tax authorities in cash to satisfy such tax obligations as well as any income tax withholding obligations arising as a result of settlement of such shares. Certain employees elected to receive a short-term loan from the Company, with interest that accrued at the applicable federal rate. The short-term loan extended to employees totaled million, which was repaid from the proceeds of the sale of shares into the market on the IPO Vested RSU Settlement Date. 
 
 2. 
 
 reportable segment. See Note 3 "Revenue" for revenue by geography. Long-lived assets, which consist of property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use assets, located outside of the United States were million and million a s of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

89 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the restricted cash balances were million and million, respectively. 
 
 years Computer equipment and software years Office equipment years Capitalized software and website development costs years Leasehold improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term 
 Disposals were not material for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

impairment charge was recorded in any of the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 . During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company recognized impairment charges of million, million and million, respectively, related to an operating lease right-of-use asset associated with its former headquarters, which the Company subleased to another company. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company recorded additions to the insurance reserves of million, million and million, respectively. The Company s retained insurance deductibles reserves as of December 31, 2022 was million. 
 , and a liquidity event-related performance vesting condition. The liquidity event-related performance vesting condition was achieved upon the consummation of the Company's IPO, and the Company recorded a cumulative stock-based compensation expense of million as of the IPO date for those RSUs for which the service-based vesting condition has been satisfied. Stock-based compensation related to the remaining service-based period after the liquidity event-related performance vesting condition was satisfied will be recorded over the remaining requisite service period using the accelerated attribution method. Since November 2020, with the exception of the CEO Performance Award and options assumed via acquisition (as discussed further in Note 12 - "Common Stock"), the Company only granted RSUs that vest upon the satisfaction of a service-based vesting condition and the compensation expense for these RSUs is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 For the CEO Performance Award (as defined below) that includes a market condition, the fair value of the award was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The associated stock-based compensation is recorded over the derived service period, using the accelerated attribution method. If the stock price goals are met sooner than the derived service period, the Company will adjust the stock-based compensation expense to reflect the cumulative expense associated with the vested award. Provided that Tony Xu continues to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, regardless of whether the stock price goals are achieved. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

93 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2021, two entities in dividually accounted for and of accounts receivable, net, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, one entity in dividually accounted for of accounts receivable, net. No customer accounted for 10 or more of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022. 
 to depending on the type of membership purchased by the consumer. In addition, the Company also generates revenue from its Drive offering by collecting per-order fees from merchants that use its local commerce platform to arrange for delivery services that fulfill demand generated through their own channels. Revenue from Drive is recognized at the point in time when the consumer obtains control of the merchant s products. 
 When determining the appropriate accounting for the fees collected in exchange for the use of the Company s local commerce platform, the Company considered its contractual arrangements with the parties involved as well as its customary business practices. Under the Company s agreements with partner merchants, the Company agrees to a commission to be earned as a percentage of the total dollar value of goods ordered. When a consumer signs up to use the Company s local commerce platform, the consumer agrees to be charged certain fees, at the time an order is placed, in exchange for use of the platform. The Company has concluded that a contract exists between the Company and a partner merchant when the partner merchant accepts each consumer s order, and a contract exists between the Company and a consumer when the consumer places the order and requests delivery services. The duration of a contract is typically equal to the time between when the order is placed and a Dasher picks up the food from the merchant. Contracts including variable consideration with partner merchants were not material for the periods presented. 
 The Company s local commerce platform facilitates orders between consumers and partner merchants. Separately, the Company s platform arranges for consumers to obtain delivery service from Dashers. The Company has determined that the order facilitation service and delivery facilitation service are distinct performance obligations and has therefore considered whether it is a principal or agent separately for each of these items. The order facilitation service and the delivery facilitation service are distinct given that the consumer can benefit from each item separately. Further, the order facilitation service and delivery facilitation service are separately identifiable as the nature of the promises are to transfer the order facilitation service and delivery facilitation service individually, rather than as a combined item. 
 Principal vs. Agent Considerations 
 Judgment is required in determining whether the Company is the principal or the agent in transactions with partner merchants, consumers, and Dashers. As it relates to the accounting for order facilitation services and delivery facilitation 
 94 

Table of Contents 

million and million of gift card breakage revenue during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Estimating future breakage rates requires judgment based on current and historical patterns of redemption, and the actual breakage rates may vary from the estimate. 
 Refunds and Credits 
 From time to time the Company issues credits or refunds to merchants and consumers to ameliorate issues that may arise with orders. The Company accounts for such refunds as variable consideration and therefore records the amount of each refund or credit issued as a reduction of revenue. 
 Incentive Programs 
 The Company offers incentives to attract consumers and Dashers to use its local commerce platform. Consumers typically receive credits or discounted delivery fees while Dashers typically receive cash incentives. Each of the incentives are described below. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

Advertising expenses were million, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 shares of Class C common stock were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. Prior to the completion of the IPO, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, less shares subject to repurchase. The diluted net loss per share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities outstanding for the period. For periods in 
 96 

Table of Contents 

million shares of common stock and their carrying amount reclassified into stockholders' (deficit) equity. As of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, there were shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 years, and typically include renewal options, the election of which is at the option of the Company. The Company includes renewal options in the measurement of lease liabilities only to the extent the option is reasonably certain to be exercised. For leases that provide the option to terminate, the lease term includes periods covered by such options to the extent the Company is reasonably certain not to exercise the option. 
 The Company subleases certain portions of buildings subject to operating leases. The terms and conditions of the subleases are commensurate with the terms and conditions within the original operating leases. The term of the subleases generally range from four to , payments are fixed within the contracts, and there are no residual value guarantees or other restrictions or covenants in the leases. 
 When the discount rate implicit in the lease cannot be readily determined, the Company uses the applicable incremental borrowing rate at lease commencement in order to discount lease payments to present value for purposes of performing lease classification tests and measuring the lease liability. The incremental borrowing rate represents the rate of interest the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. Because the Company does not typically borrow on a collateralized basis, it uses a derived unsecured synthetic credit rating adjusted for collateralization, current available yield curves, and the lease term as inputs to derive an appropriate incremental borrowing rate. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 International Total revenue 

Addition to contract liabilities Reduction of contract liabilities (1)(2) 
 ) Ending balance 
 (1) Gift cards and certain consumer credits can be redeemed through the Marketplaces. When they are redeemed, revenue is recognized on a net basis as the difference between the amounts collected from consumers less amounts remitted to merchants and Dashers for those transactions. Therefore, the amount recognized as revenue related to the reduction of gift cards and certain consumer credits is less than the amount presented in the table above. Net revenue associated with gift cards and certain consumer credits is not tracked by the Company as it is impracticable to do so. 
 (2) Included in the beginning balance of contract liabilities was million associated with unearned prepayments received by the Company, all of which was recognized as revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. The ending balance of unearned prepayments is expected to be recognized as revenue in 12 months or less. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

Capitalization of deferred contract costs Amortization of deferred contract costs ) ) ) Ending balance Deferred contract costs, current Deferred contract costs, non-current Total deferred contract costs 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Additions to the provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 4. 
 percent of the outstanding equity interests of Wolt Enterprises Oy Wolt ). The Company's aim is to accelerate its product development, increase its international scale, bring greater focus to its markets outside the United States, and improve the value provided to consumers, merchants, as well as Dashers around the world. The Company s acquisition-related costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million. All costs were recorded as general and administrative expenses on the Company s consolidated statements of operations during the period in which they were incurred. million, which consisted of the following (in millions): 
 Stock-based compensation awards (DoorDash options, RSUs, and revesting common stock) attributable to pre-combination services Total consideration 
 The fair value of million shares of Class A common stock issued was determined on the basis of the closing market price of the Company s Class A common stock on the acquisition date. The Company also issued certain stock-based compensation awards and their fair value was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the applicable assumptions as of the acquisition date for options million DoorDash options) and using the closing market price of the Company's Class A common stock on the acquisition date for RSUs million DoorDash RSUs). 
 99 

Table of Contents 

thousand shares of the Company's Class A common stock. This restricted equity consideration is considered compensation for post-combination services and will be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the next , based on the fair value of the shares using the closing market price of the Company's Class A common stock on the acquisition date. 
 The total purchase consideration of the Wolt acquisition was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, based upon their respective fair values as of the date of the acquisition. The Company recorded million of goodwill which represents the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired. Goodwill is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce of Wolt and anticipated synergies from the future growth and strategic advantages in the global local commerce industry. The goodwill recorded in connection with the acquisition of Wolt is not deductible for tax purposes. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s best estimate and assumptions, and are considered preliminary and subject to change within the measurement period, including potential adjustments to sales tax balances and other liabilities, as additional information is received. During the three months period ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments which had an immaterial impact on the total consideration and the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company expects to finalize the allocation of the purchase price as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the acquisition date when the measurement period ends. 
 Intangible assets Goodwill Other non-current assets Current liabilities ) Deferred tax liability, net ) Other non-current liabilities ) Total purchase price 
 Trademark Existing technology Customer relationships Courier relationships Total acquired intangible assets 
 Existing technology represents the existing online and mobile Wolt platform for restaurant and grocery delivery and pickup orders. The merchant, customer, and courier relationships represent the fair value of the underlying relationships with merchants, such as restaurants and grocery stores, users of Wolt s food and delivery services, and courier partners. The estimated fair values of the existing technology and trademarks were determined using a relief from royalty method. The fair values of the merchant, courier and customer relationships were determined using a replacement cost method. The Company expects to amortize the fair value of these intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives. 
 From the date of acquisition through December 31, 2022, the amount of revenue and net loss from Wolt included in the consolidated statements of operations were million and million, respectively. 
 The following unaudited pro forma results presents the combined revenue and net loss as if the Wolt acquisition had been completed on January 1, 2021, the beginning of the comparable annual reporting period. The unaudited pro forma information is based on estimates and assumptions which the Company believes are reasonable and primarily reflects 
 100 

Table of Contents 

Net loss ) ) 
 Bbot Acquisition 
 On March 1, 2022, the Company acquired Bbot, Inc., a hospitality technology company. The addition of Bbot's products and technology to the Company's platform will offer merchants more solutions for their in-store and online channels, including in-store digital ordering and payments. The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The total purchase consideration was approximately million in cash, including a million indemnification holdback, which was recorded in other liabilities. 
 The total purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, based upon their respective fair values as of the date of the acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the anticipated synergies from the future growth opportunities from the adoption of Bbot s technology by the Company s merchants. The goodwill recorded in connection with the acquisition of Bbot is not deductible for tax purposes. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s best estimate and assumptions, and are considered preliminary pending finalization of the valuation analyses pertaining to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which primarily relate to acquired intangible assets. During the three months period ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments which had an immaterial impact on the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The measurement period will end no later than one-year from the acquisition date. 
 Intangible assets Goodwill Other liabilities ) Total purchase price 
 The intangible assets acquired consisted of existing technology and customer relationships, which had estimated remaining useful lives of and years as of the date of the acquisition, respectively. 
 The acquisition was not material to the Company for the periods presented and therefore, pro forma information has not been presented. 
 
 5. 
 Addition Balance as of December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 101 

Table of Contents 

goodwill impairment during the periods presented. See Note 4 "Acquisitions" for further details of goodwill recorded. 
 ) Merchant relationships ) Courier relationships ) Customer relationships ) Trade name and trademarks ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) 
 Intangible assets, net consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 (in millions): 
 Weighted-average Remaining Useful Life (in years) Gross Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Existing technology ) Merchant relationships ) Courier relationships ) Customer relationships ) Trade name and trademarks ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 Amortization expense associated with intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total estimated future amortization expense 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 
 U.S. Treasury securities Short-term marketable securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds U.S. government agency securities U.S. Treasury securities Long-term marketable securities Corporate bonds U.S. government agency securities U.S. Treasury securities Total 
 December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash equivalents Money market funds Commercial paper Short-term marketable securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds U.S. government agency securities U.S. Treasury securities Long-term marketable securities Corporate bonds U.S. government agency securities U.S. Treasury securities Total 
 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 The Company s non-marketable equity securities accounted for using the measurement alternative are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. When indicators of impairment exist or observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer occur, the respective non-marketable equity security would be classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the valuation methods include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputs. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company made investments in non-marketable equity securities of million and million, respectively, for equity securities of private companies including an investment of million in preferred shares of a grocery delivery platform company during the year ended December 31, 2021. All those investments were accounted for using the measurement alternative, where the Company adjusts the value of the 
 103 

Table of Contents 

Estimated duration used in the OPM years 
 Estimating the fair value of the Company s investments in non-marketable equity securities requires the use of estimates and judgments. Changes in estimates and judgments could result in different estimates of fair value and future adjustments. 
 Upward adjustments Downward adjustments (including impairment) ) Total carrying value at the end of reporting period 
 
 7. 
 U.S. Treasury securities Short-term marketable securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds U.S. government agency securities U.S. Treasury securities ) Long-term marketable securities Corporate bonds ) U.S. government agency securities U.S. Treasury securities ) Total ) 
 104 

Table of Contents 

Commercial paper Short-term marketable securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds ) U.S. government agency securities ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Long-term marketable securities Corporate bonds ) U.S. government agency securities U.S. Treasury securities ) Total ) 
 For marketable securities with unrealized loss positions, the Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will hold these securities until maturity or a recovery of the cost basis. No allowance for credit losses was recorded for these securities as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 Property and Equipment, net 
 Computer equipment and software Capitalized software and website development costs Leasehold improvements Office equipment Construction in progress Total Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expenses were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company capitalized million, million, and million in capitalized software and website development costs during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. Capitalized software and website development costs are included in property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of capitalized software and website development costs was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. Construction in progress primarily included leasehold improvements on premises that are not ready for use and equipment for merchants that are not placed in service. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

Sales tax payable and accrued sales and indirect taxes Accrued operations related expenses Accrued advertising Dasher and merchant payable Insurance reserves Contract liabilities Other Total 

8. 
 million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. 
 Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 Lease terms and discount rates for operating leases were as follows: 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 Supplemental cash flow and non-cash information was as follows (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows for operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Operating leases 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company had entered into long term non-cancelable real estate lease contracts of million and million, respectively, for which leases have not yet commenced. Such leases are not included in the operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2026 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: Lease not commenced ) Less: Imputed interest ) Less: Tenant improvement receivable ) Present value of future minimum lease payments 
 Future minimum sublease income as of December 31, 2022 is million. 
 
 9. 
 million with an initial maturity date in March 2025 (the 2020 Notes ). The Company received net proceeds of million, net of million in debt issuance costs, reflecting an original issue discount on the principal of million. The interest rate is per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. 
 million. 
 
 10. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

million to the representatives of Dashers that had filed certain actions in California and Massachusetts in settlement of claims under the Private Attorney General Act and class action claims alleging worker misclassification of Dashers against the Company (the "Marko settlement"). All legal matters under the Marko settlement have been resolved and all amounts related to the Marko settlement were paid by the Company during the second quarter of 2022. See the section titled Legal Proceedings in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 for additional information regarding the proceedings related to the Marko settlement. 
 In June 2020, the San Francisco District Attorney filed an action in the Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco, alleging that the Company misclassified California Dashers as independent contractors as opposed to employees in violation of the California Labor Code and the California Unfair Competition Law, among other allegations. This action is seeking both restitutionary damages and a permanent injunction that would bar the Company from continuing to classify California Dashers as independent contractors. It is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred; however, the possible range of losses is not estimable given the status of the case. 
 Indemnification 
 The Company enters into standard indemnification arrangements in the ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these arrangements, the Company indemnifies, holds harmless, and agrees to reimburse the indemnified parties for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, in connection with any trade secret, copyright, patent, or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third-party with respect to its technology. The terms of these indemnification agreements are generally perpetual any time after the execution of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these agreements is not determinable because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future, but have not yet been made. The Company has not incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. 
 The Company has entered into or will enter into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers that may require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers, other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct of the individual. 
 liability associated with such indemnifications was recorded as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 Non-cancelable Purchase Commitments 
 The Company has non-cancelable purchase commitments, which primarily relate to the purchase of onboarding, data processing, technology platform infrastructure, and advertising services. These purchase commitments are not recorded as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 as the Company has not yet received the related services. 
 2024 2025 Total future minimum payments 
 Revolving Credit Facility and Letters of Credit 
 In November 2019, the Company entered into a revolving credit and guaranty agreement which provided for a million unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on November 19, 2024. In August 2020, the Company amended and restated the revolving credit and guaranty agreement to provide for million of incremental revolving loan commitments, effective upon consummation of the Company's IPO, for total revolving commitments of million. The amendment and restatement also extended the maturity date for the revolving credit facility from November 19, 2024 to August 7, 2025. Loans under the credit facility, as further amended on October 31, 2022, bear interest, at the Company s option, at (i) a base rate equal to the highest of (A) the prime rate, (B) the higher of the federal funds rate or a composite overnight bank borrowing rate plus , or (C) an adjusted SOFR rate for a one-month interest period plus , or 
 108 

Table of Contents 

. The Company is also obligated to pay other customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type, including letter of credit fees, an upfront fee, and an unused commitment fee of . The credit agreement contains customary affirmative covenants, such as financial statement reporting requirements and restrictions on the use of proceeds, as well as customary negative covenants that restrict its ability and its subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, declare cash dividends or make certain other distributions, merge or consolidate with other companies or sell substantially all of its assets, make investments, loans and acquisitions, and engage in transactions with affiliates. 
 As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company was in compliance with the covenants under the credit agreement. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, revolving loans were outstanding under the credit facility. 
 The Company maintains letters of credit established primarily for real estate leases and insurance policies. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company had million and million of issued letters of credit outstanding, respectively, of which million and million were issued under the revolving credit and guaranty agreement. 
 Sales and Indirect Tax Matters 
 The Company is under audit by various state and local tax authorities with regard to sales and indirect tax matters. The Company records sales and indirect tax reserves when they become probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These reserves are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The timing of the resolution of indirect tax examinations is highly uncertain, and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the tax authorities may differ from the amounts accrued. It is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months the Company will receive additional assessments by various tax authorities in one or more jurisdictions. These assessments could result in changes to the Company's reserves related to positions on sales and indirect tax filings. 
 
 11. 
 shares of Series H redeemable convertible preferred stock at per share for gross proceeds of million. The preferred stock issuance costs were not material. 
 The Company previously issued Series A-1, Series A, Series B, Series C, Series D, Series E, Series F, and Series G prior to 2020. Immediately prior to the completion of the IPO on December 9, 2020, all outstanding shares of the Company s redeemable convertible preferred stock converted into an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock. 
 Series A Series B Series C Series D (1) 
 Series E Series F Series G Series H Total 
 
 (1) The issuance price for Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock was , except for shares issued via the conversion of certain of the outstanding convertible promissory notes issued in 2017, for which the conversion price was per share. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

12. 
 million of the Company s Class A common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million shares of its Class A common stock at a weighted average price of per share for a total amount of million. The shares were retired immediately upon repurchase. 
 Restricted Stock 
 The Company has granted restricted stock to certain continuing employees in connection with the Wolt acquisition. Vesting of this stock is dependent on the respective employee s continued employment at the Company during the requisite service period, which is generally up to from the issuance date. The fair value of the restricted stock issued to employees that is subject to post-acquisition employment is recorded as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock as of December 31, 2022 
 Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance 
 RSUs outstanding under the 2014 Plan, 2020 Plan and Inducement Plan Remaining shares available for future issuance Shares available for issuance under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In March 2014, the Company adopted the 2014 Stock Option Plan, as amended (the "2014 Plan"), which provided for the granting of stock options to employees, consultants, and advisors of the Company. Options granted under the 2014 Plan are either incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options. Options under the 2014 Plan were granted for a term of up to (or if the option was an incentive stock option granted to a greater than 10 stockholder) and at prices no less than of the estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant as determined by the Company s board of directors; provided, however, that the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a greater than 10 stockholder could not be less than of the estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant. Options granted generally vest over . 
 The 2014 Plan allowed for the early exercise of options. Under the terms of the 2014 Plan, option holders, upon early exercise, were required to sign a restricted stock purchase agreement that gave the Company the right to repurchase any unvested shares, at the original exercise price, in the event the grantees employment terminated for any reason. The repurchase right lapses over time as the shares vest at the same rate as the original option vesting schedule. Stock-based 
 110 

Table of Contents 

business day prior to the effective date of the IPO registration statement. The 2020 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance units, and performance shares for the Company's Class A common stock to the Company's employees, directors, and consultants. Stock-based awards under the 2020 Plan that expire or are forfeited, canceled, or repurchased generally are returned to the pool of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. In addition, the number of shares of the Company's Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, starting on January 1, 2021 in an amount equal to the least of (i) shares, (ii) five percent of the total number of all classes of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the fiscal year before the date of each automatic increase, or (iii) such other number of shares determined by the Company's board of directors prior to the applicable January 1. 
 The exercise price of the options granted under the 2020 Plan will at least be equal to the fair market value of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant. The options may be granted for a term of up to (or if the option is an incentive stock option granted to a greater than 10 stockholder) and at prices no less than of the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant, provided, however, that the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a greater than 10 stockholder shall not be less than of the estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant. Options granted under the 2020 Plan generally vest over . 
 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 
 In May 2022, the Company's board of directors adopted the 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the Inducement Plan ), pursuant to which the Company reserved shares of Class A common stock to be used exclusively for grants of equity-based awards to individuals who were not previously employees or directors of the Company, as a material inducement to the individual s entry into employment with the Company. The Inducement Plan permits the grant of nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance units and performance shares. Shares that actually have been issued under the Inducement Plan under any award will not be returned to the Inducement Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the Inducement Plan; however, if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares or performance units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to failure to vest, such shares will become available for future grant under the Inducement Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an award will become available for future grant or sale under the Inducement Plan. The exercise price, term, and any other terms and conditions of the options granted under the Inducement Plan will be determined by the administrator of the plan. 
 RSUs 
 Prior to November 2020 , the Company granted RSUs that vest only upon the satisfaction of both service-based and liquidity event-related performance vesting conditions. The service-based vesting condition for these awards generally is satisfied over . The liquidity event-related performance vesting condition was satisfied upon the effectiveness of the IPO registration statement. The liquidity event-related performance vesting condition was achieved upon the effectiveness of the Company s IPO, resulting in the Company recording cumulative stock-based compensation expense of million for IPO Vested RSUs. Stock-based compensation related to the remaining service-based period after the liquidity event-related performance vesting condition was satisfied will be recorded over the remaining requisite service period. Since November 2020, with the exception of the CEO Performance Award discussed below, the Company granted RSUs that vest only upon the satisfaction of a service-based vesting condition which is generally . 
 111 

Table of Contents 

RSUs to the CEO (the CEO Performance Award ). The CEO Performance Award vests upon the satisfaction of a service condition and achievement of certain stock price goals. The CEO Performance Award is excluded from Class A common stock issued and outstanding until the satisfaction of these vesting conditions. The CEO Performance Award also provides the holder with certain stockholder rights, such as the right to vote the shares with the other holders of Class A common stock and a right to cumulative declared dividends. However, the CEO Performance Award is not considered a participating security for purposes of calculating net loss per share attributable to common stockholders as the right to the cumulative declared dividends is forfeitable if the service condition is not met. 
 The CEO Performance Award is eligible to vest beginning on the first trading day months following the day Company s IPO date, and expiring after the IPO date. The CEO Performance Award comprises tranches that are eligible to vest based on the achievement of stock price goals, ranging from to per share, each of which are referred to as a Company Stock Price Target, measured over a consecutive -day trading period during the performance period as set forth below. This measurement period was designed to reward the CEO only if the Company achieved sustained growth in the stock price. 
 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 
 The Company calculated the grant date fair value of the CEO Performance Award based on multiple stock price paths developed through the use of a Monte Carlo simulation model. A Monte Carlo simulation model also calculates a derived service period for each of the vesting tranches, which is the measure of the expected time to achieve each Company Stock Price Target. A Monte Carlo simulation model requires the use of various assumptions, including the underlying stock price, volatility, and the risk-free interest rate as of the valuation date, corresponding to the length of time remaining in the performance period, and expected dividend yield. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the CEO Performance Award was per share. The Company will recognize total stock-based compensation expense of million over the derived service period of each tranche, which is between to years, using the accelerated attribution method as long as the CEO satisfies the service-based vesting condition. If the Company Stock Price Targets are met sooner than the derived service period, the Company will adjust its stock-based compensation to reflect the cumulative expense associated with the vested awards. Provided that Tony Xu continues to be the Company's CEO, the Company will recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, regardless of whether the Company Stock Price Targets are achieved. 
 The Company recorded million, million and million of stock-based compensation expense related to the CEO Performance Award during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the CEO Performance Award was million. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Assumed via acquisition Granted Exercised ) Cancelled and forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value disclosed in the above table is based on the difference between the exercise price of the stock option and the closing stock price of the Company's Class A common stock on the NYSE as of the respective period-end dates. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022 was million, billion, and million, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock assumed via acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022 was per share. There were stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
 Assumed via acquisition Granted Vested ) Vested and settled ) Forfeited ) Unvested RSUs as of December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value disclosed in the above table is based on the closing price on the NYSE as of the respective period-end dates. The weighted-average fair value per share of RSUs granted and assumed via acquisition during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022 was , , and , respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 The Company estimated the fair value of stock options assumed via acquisition using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Key assumptions of the Black-Scholes valuation model are the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected term and expected dividends. The Company determined the expected term of assumed in the money option awards considering vesting provisions, the expected exercise behavior, and contractual term of the awards. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues similar in duration to the expected term of the stock option awards. The Company developed the expected volatility using the average volatility of its Class A common stock and the stocks of a peer group of similar publicly traded peer companies. The Company utilized a dividend yield of zero, as it had no history or plan of declaring dividends on its common stock. 
 There were no stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, except for the options assumed via acquisition. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

Risk-free rate Dividend yield Expected term (in years) 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring charges Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was billion of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock and RSUs, excluding the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense associated with the CEO Performance Award. The Company expects to recognize this expense over the remaining weighted-average period of years. 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company's board of directors adopted, and the Company's stockholders approved, the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"), which became effective on the business day immediately prior to the effectiveness of the IPO. A total of shares of Class A common stock were initially reserved for sale under the ESPP. The number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the ESPP will be increased on the first day of each fiscal year beginning with the fiscal year following the fiscal year in which the first enrollment date (if any) occurs equal to the least of (i) shares of Class A common stock, (ii) one and one-half percent of the outstanding shares of all classes of common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) an amount determined by the administrator of the ESPP. 
 The ESPP includes two components: a component that allows the Company to make offerings intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Code and a component that allows the Company to make offerings not intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Code to designated companies. Subject to any limitations contained therein, the ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute (in the form of payroll deductions or otherwise to the extent permitted by the administrator) an amount established by the administrator from time to time in its discretion to purchase Class A common stock at a discounted price per share. 
 offering period or purchase period under the ESPP, and no such period will begin unless and until determined by the administrator. 
 
 13.) ) ) Foreign ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 114 

Table of Contents 

State Foreign Total current tax expenses Deferred Federal ) State Foreign ) ) Total deferred tax expenses (benefit) ) Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 The Company's provision for income taxes primarily consisted of U.S. federal and state income tax, as well as income taxes related to non-U.S. operations. The benefit from income taxes was primarily driven by the losses generated in non-U.S. jurisdictions for which a tax benefit can be realized, and the tax effects of deductible stock-based compensation for certain foreign jurisdictions, offset by state income taxes. 
 State tax, net of federal benefit Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Research and development credits ) Non-deductible expenses ) ) ) Non-deductible interest expenses ) ) Worthless stock deduction Other ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) ) 
 In general, it is the Company's practice and intention to reinvest the earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries in those operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not made a provision for U.S. or additional foreign withholding taxes on the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of investments in foreign subsidiaries that are indefinitely reinvested. Generally, such amounts become subject to taxation upon the remittance of dividends and under certain other circumstances. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of deferred tax liability related to investments in these foreign subsidiaries. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

Stock-based compensation Tax credits carryforward Operating lease liabilities Capitalized research and development Net operating loss carryforward Other Total gross deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Property and equipment and intangible assets ) ) ROU assets ) ) Deferred contract costs ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 During 2022, the Company effectuated certain tax-planning actions which reduced the amount of net operating losses generated in 2021 by billion with a corresponding increase to other deferred tax assets which will reverse in future periods. These tax-planning actions did not result in additional income tax liability for 2021. 
 The Company accounts for deferred taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the ASC 740 more-likely-than-not realization threshold criterion. This assessment considers matters such as future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. The evaluation of the recoverability of the deferred tax assets requires that the Company weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. Due to the lack of earnings history, the Company's deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance, with the exception of certain foreign jurisdictions. Overall, the valuation allowance increased by million, billion and million in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accumulated federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of billion and billion, respectively. Of the billion of federal net operating losses, billion is carried forward indefinitely. Of the billion of state net operating losses, million is carried forward indefinitely. The remaining federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2036 and 2024, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million that begin to expire in 2025. 
 The Company also had million and million of federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The federal research and development tax credits expire in varying amounts starting in 2033. The California research credits do not expire and may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 The Company s ability to utilize the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in the future may be limited in the event of past or future ownership changes as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state tax law. Based on the most recent analysis, the Company does not anticipate a current limitation on the tax attributes. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

Increases related to current year tax positions Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 The Company had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, the majority of which would not affect its effective tax rate if recognized due to the Company's valuation allowance. The majority of gross unrecognized tax benefits relate to income tax positions which, if recognized, would be in the form of additional deferred tax assets that would be offset by a valuation allowance. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits relating to tax positions existing at December 31, 2022 will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. 
 The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within provision for income taxes, which were immaterial for the periods presented. 
 The Company files U.S. federal and state income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction as well as foreign jurisdictions. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the federal, state, or foreign tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. The material jurisdictions in which the Company is subject to potential examination include the United States and Finland. The Company s 2016 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, 2017 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination in Finland. 
 
 14.) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Net loss attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders ) ) ) ) ) ) Weighted-average number of shares outstanding used to compute net loss per share attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders, basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to DoorDash, Inc. common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 117 

Table of Contents 

Unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units Convertible promissory notes Escrow shares Total 
 
 15. 
 
 16. 
 million Canadian dollars (approximately million US dollars) over . Upon the closing of the transaction, the Company contributed cash and certain assets of million Canadian dollars (approximately million US dollars). Additional capital contributions will be made in a manner that preserves the ownership percentage of each shareholder. 
 The common units held by the Company in the JV were determined to be a variable interest. The Company is the primary beneficiary because the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the performance of the JV. As a result, the Company consolidates the assets and liabilities of the JV. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total assets and liabilities of the JV included on the consolidated balance sheets were million and million respectively. 
 The JV s assets may only be used to settle the JV s obligations and may not be used for other consolidated entities. The JV s liabilities are non-recourse to the general credit of the Company s other consolidated entities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the minority shareholder s ownership in the JV is classified as redeemable non-controlling interest, because it is redeemable on an event that is not solely in the Company s control. The redeemable non-controlling 
 118 

Table of Contents 

million as of December 31, 2022. Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 17. 
 positions across the Company, or approximately of the Company s current employee workforce at such time. The Company expects that it will incur million in restructuring charges in connection with the Plan, consisting of separation-related payments and other termination benefit costs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million in restructuring charges, consisting of million related to cash expenditures for separation-related payments, benefits, and related taxes, million in stock-based compensation related to equity compensation, which was partially offset by a million benefit related to the reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expenses for unvested stock awards, and million non-cash expense related to the acceleration of prepaid compensation for employees who were terminated. These expenses are included in restructuring charges in the Company s consolidated statements of operations, and unpaid amounts are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company expects that most cash payments and expenses related to the Plan will be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2023. 
 Restructuring charges incurred during the year Cash payments ) Non-cash settlements and other adjustments ) Accrued restructuring as of December 31, 2022 
 In addition to the Plan described above, there were other restructuring charges of million arising from other restructuring activities in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the liabilities related to these restructuring activities were immaterial. 
 
 18. 
 million. This program is in addition to the prior repurchase program for the repurchase of million shares of Class A common stock, which was completed in the third quarter of 2022. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases may be structured to occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans to facilitate repurchases of our Class A common stock under this authorization. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased may depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer certifying officers ), has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our certifying officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our management, under the oversight of our Board of Directors, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 In accordance with guidance issued by the SEC, companies are permitted to exclude acquisitions from their final assessment of internal control over financial reporting for the first fiscal year in which the acquisition occurred. Our management's evaluation of internal control over financial reporting excluded Bbot, LLC ("Bbot") and Wolt, which we acquired on March 1, 2022 and June 1, 2022, respectively. Total assets (excluding acquired goodwill and intangible assets) and total revenues related to Bbot and Wolt collectively represented approximately 5 and 4 of our consolidated total assets and total revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, who audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, issued an audit report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. That Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management's evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Internal Controls 
 Our management, including our certifying officers, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud due to the inherent limitations of internal controls. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. 
 A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of 
 120 

Table of Contents 

compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item, including information about our Directors, Executive Officers and Audit Committee and Code of Conduct, is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC, no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because the information called for is not required or is shown either in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. 
 (c) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or are incorporated herein by reference, in each case as indicated below. 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Share Purchase Agreement, dated November 9, 2021, by and among DoorDash, Inc., Wolt Enterprises Oy, the Sellers and Mikko Kuusi, as the Securityholder Representative . 
 S-4 333-261844 2.1 December 22, 2021 2.2 Amendment to the Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2022, by and among DoorDash, Inc., Wolt Enterprises Oy and Mikko Kuusi, as the Securityholder Representative. 
 8-K 001-39759 2.1 April 14, 2022 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant. 
 10-K 001-39759 3.1 March 5, 2021 3.2 Certificate of Change of Registered Agent. 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant. 
 4.1 Form of Class A common stock certificate of the registrant. 
 S-1 333-250056 4.1 November 13, 2020 4.2 Seventh Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement among the registrant and certain holders of its capital stock, dated as of June 17, 2020. 
 S-1 333-250056 4.2 November 13, 2020 4.3 Description of Capital Stock. 
 10-K 001-39759 4.3 March 5, 2021 10.1+ Form of Indemnification Agreement between the registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1 333-250056 10.1 November 13, 2020 10.2+ DoorDash, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements. 
 S-1/A 333-250056 10.2 November 30, 2020 10.3+ DoorDash, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and related form agreements. 
 S-1/A 333-250056 10.3 November 30, 2020 10.4+ DoorDash, Inc. 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements. 
 S-8 333-265306 99.1 May 31, 2022 10.5+ DoorDash, Inc. 2014 Stock Plan, as amended, and related form agreements. 
 S-1 333-250056 10.4 November 13, 2020 10.6+ Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan. 
 S-1 333-250056 10.5 November 13, 2020 10.7+ Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 S-1 333-250056 10.6 November 13, 2020 10.8+ Outside Director Compensation and Equity Ownership Policy. 
 S-1/A 333-250056 10.7 November 30, 2020 10.9+ Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and Tony Xu, dated as of October 23, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-250056 10.8 November 30, 2020 
 123 

Table of Contents 

10.10+ Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and Christopher Payne, dated as of October 23, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-250056 10.9 November 30, 2020 10.11+ Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and Prabir Adarkar, dated as of October 23, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-250056 10.10 November 30, 2020 10.12+ Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and Keith Yandell, dated as of October 23, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-250056 10.11 November 30, 2020 10.13+ Employment Letter between the registrant and Tia Sherringham, dated as of May 3, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-39759 10.1 May 6, 2022 10.14+ DoorDash, Inc. 2014 Stock Plan Restricted Unit Agreement between the registrant and Tony Xu, dated as of November 24, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-250056 10.14 November 30, 2020 10.15 Form of Exchange Agreement among the registrant, each of Tony Xu, Andy Fang, and Stanley Tang, and certain related entities. 
 S-1 333-250056 10.15 November 13, 2020 10.16 Form of Equity Exchange Right Agreement between the registrant and each of Tony Xu, Andy Fang, and Stanley Tang. 
 S-1 333-250056 10.16 November 13, 2020 10.17 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement among the registrant, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, dated as of August 7, 2020. 
 S-1 333-250056 10.17 November 13, 2020 10.18 Amendment Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022, relating to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement among the registrant, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, dated as of August 7, 2022 . 
 10.19 Office Lease between the registrant and Kilroy Realty 303, LLC, dated as of October 18, 2018, as amended on July 30, 2019. 
 S-1 333-250056 10.19 November 13, 2020 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm . 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in signature pages hereto). 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 _______________ 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of DoorDash, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in San Francisco, California, on the 24th day of February, 2023. 
 
 DOORDASH, INC. By: /s/ Tony Xu Tony Xu Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Tony Xu, Prabir Adarkar, and Tia Sherringham, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such individual in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or the individual s substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

Signature Title Date /s/ Tony Xu 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 Tony Xu 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ Prabir Adarkar 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 24, 2023 
 Prabir Adarkar 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 /s/ Gordon Lee 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 February 24, 2023 
 Gordon Lee 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 /s/ Shona L. Brown 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 Shona L. Brown 
 /s/ L. John Doerr 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 L. John Doerr 
 /s/ Andy Fang 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 Andy Fang 
 /s/ Alfred Lin 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 Alfred Lin 
 /s/ Stanley Meresman 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 Stanley Meresman 
 /s/ Elinor Mertz 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 Elinor Mertz 
 /s/ Greg Peters 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 Greg Peters 
 /s/ Stanley Tang 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 
 Stanley Tang 

126 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 dash-ex32fy2210xk.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 
 Exhibit 3.2 

 STATE OF DELAWARE 
 CERTIFICATE OF CHANGE OF REGISTERED AGENT 
 AND OR REGISTERED OFFICE 

The corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows 
 
 1. The name of the corporation is DOORDASH, INC. . 
 2. The Registered Office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is changed to 1209 Orange Street (street), in the City of Wilmington , County of New Castle Zip Code 19801 . The name of the Registered Agent at such address upon whom process against this Corporation may be serviced is The Corporation Trust Company . 
 3. The foregoing change to the registered office agent was adopted by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the corporation. 

By s Tony Xu Authorized Officer Name Tony Xu Print or Type 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-3.3>
 3
 dash-exx33fy2210xk.htm
 EX-3.3

Document 
 Exhibit 3.3 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 DOORDASH, INC. 
 (As amended on January 30, 2023) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES 
 1 1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE 
 1 1.2 OTHER OFFICES 1 ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 1 2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS 1 2.2 ANNUAL MEETING 1 2.3 SPECIAL MEETING 1 2.4 ADVANCE NOTICE PROCEDURES 2 2.5 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETING 6 2.6 QUORUM 6 2.7 ADJOURNED MEETING NOTICE 7 2.8 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 7 2.9 VOTING 8 2.10 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 9 2.11 RECORD DATES 10 2.12 PROXIES 10 2.13 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE 10 2.14 INSPECTORS OF ELECTION 11 ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS 
 11 3.1 POWERS 11 3.2 NUMBER OF DIRECTORS 11 3.3 ELECTION, QUALIFICATION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS 11 3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES 12 3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE 12 3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS 12 3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS NOTICE 12 3.8 QUORUM VOTING 13 3.9 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 13 3.10 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 14 3.11 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS 14 ARTICLE IV - COMMITTEES 
 14 4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 14 4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES 14 4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES 14 4.4 SUBCOMMITTEES 15 ARTICLE V - OFFICERS 
 15 5.1 OFFICERS 15 5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS 15 
 -1- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

5.3 SUBORDINATE OFFICERS 16 5.4 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS 16 5.5 VACANCIES IN OFFICES 16 5.6 REPRESENTATION OF SECURITIES OF OTHER ENTITIES 16 5.7 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS 16 ARTICLE VI - STOCK 
 17 6.1 STOCK CERTIFICATES PARTLY PAID SHARES 17 6.2 SPECIAL DESIGNATION OF CERTIFICATES 17 6.3 LOST CERTIFICATES 18 6.4 DIVIDENDS 18 6.5 TRANSFER OF STOCK 18 6.6 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS 18 6.7 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS 18 ARTICLE VII - MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE AND WAIVER 
 19 7.1 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 19 7.2 NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS SHARING AN ADDRESS 19 7.3 NOTICE TO PERSON WITH WHOM COMMUNICATION IS UNLAWFUL 19 7.4 WAIVER OF NOTICE 19 ARTICLE VIII - INDEMNIFICATION 
 20 8.1 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS 20 8.2 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION 20 8.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE 20 8.4 INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS 21 8.5 ADVANCE PAYMENT OF EXPENSES 21 8.6 LIMITATION ON INDEMNIFICATION 21 8.7 DETERMINATION CLAIM 22 8.8 NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS 22 8.9 INSURANCE 22 8.10 SURVIVAL 23 8.11 EFFECT OF REPEAL OR MODIFICATION 23 8.12 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 23 ARTICLE IX - GENERAL MATTERS 23 9.1 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS 23 9.2 FISCAL YEAR 24 9.3 SEAL 24 9.4 CONSTRUCTION DEFINITIONS 24 ARTICLE X - AMENDMENTS 24 ARTICLE XI - EXCLUSIVE FORUM 24 
 -2- 

BYLAWS 
 OF 
 DOORDASH, INC. 
 ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES 
 1.1 Registered Office 
 The registered office of DoorDash, Inc. (the Corporation shall be fixed in the Corporation s certificate of incorporation, as the same may be amended from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation ). 
 1.2 Other Offices 
 The Corporation may at any time establish other offices at any place or places. 
 ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 2.1 Place of Meetings 
 Meetings of stockholders shall be held at a place, if any, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board ). The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law or any successor legislation (the DGCL ). In the absence of any such designation or determination, stockholders meetings shall be held at the Corporation s principal executive office. 
 2.2 Annual Meeting 
 The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held on such date, at such time, and at such place (if any) within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board shall designate from time to time and stated in the Corporation s notice of the meeting. At the annual meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business, brought in accordance with Section 2.4 of these bylaws, may be transacted. The Board, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board or the chairperson of the meeting, may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled annual meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders. For purposes of these bylaws, the term Whole Board shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies or unfilled seats in previously authorized directorships (provided for the avoidance of doubt that voting power shall be attributed to any such vacancies or unfilled seats). 
 2.3 Special Meeting 
 (i) A special meeting of the stockholders, other than as required by statute, may be called at any time by the Board, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, the chairperson of the Board, or the chief executive officer, but a special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. The Board or the chairperson of the meeting may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders. 

(ii) The notice of a special meeting shall include the purpose for which the meeting is called. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, the chairperson of the Board, or chief executive officer. Nothing contained in this Section 2.3(ii) shall be construed as limiting, fixing or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board may be held. 
 2.4 Advance Notice Procedures 
 (i) Advance Notice of Stockholder Business. At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be brought (A) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of the annual meeting (or any supplement thereto), (B) by or at the direction of the Board, or (C) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.4(i), on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of the annual meeting and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has timely complied in proper written form with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.4(i). In addition, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action pursuant to these bylaws and applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (C) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring business (other than business included in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), or any successor thereto) before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 (a) To comply with clause (C) of Section 2.4(i) above, a stockholder s notice must set forth all information required under this Section 2.4(i) and must be timely received by the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) for the preceding year s annual meeting provided , however , that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year s annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder to be timely, it must be so received by the secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, or (ii) the 10th day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment, rescheduling or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described in this Section 2.4(i)(a). Public Announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 
 (b) To be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the secretary must set forth as to each matter of business the stockholder intends to bring before the annual meeting (1) a brief description of the business intended to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of the proposed business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration) and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation s books, of the stockholder proposing such business and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), (3) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (4) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to 
 2 

manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, (5) any material interest of the stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person in such business, and (6) a statement whether either such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (1) through (6), a Business Solicitation Statement ). In addition, to be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the secretary must be supplemented not later than 10 days following the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting to disclose the information contained in clauses (3) and (4) above as of such record date. For purposes of this Section 2.4, a Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and on whose behalf the proposal or nomination, as the case may be, is being made, or (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii). 
 (c) Without exception, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.4(i) and, if applicable, Section 2.4(ii). In addition, business proposed to be brought by a stockholder may not be brought before the annual meeting if such stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business or if the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.4(i), and, if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting that any such business not properly brought before the annual meeting shall not be conducted. 
 (ii) Advance Notice of Director Nominations at Annual Meetings. Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.4(ii) shall be eligible for election or re-election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) by or at the direction of the Board or (B) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.4(ii), on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of the annual meeting and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.4(ii). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the secretary of the Corporation. 
 (a) To comply with clause (B) of Section 2.4(ii) above, a nomination to be made by a stockholder must set forth all information required under this Section 2.4(ii) and must be received by the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at the time set forth in, and in accordance with, the final three sentences of Section 2.4(i)(a) above provided , however , that in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no Public Announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Corporation at least 10 days before the last day a stockholder may deliver a notice of nomination pursuant to the foregoing provisions, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 2.4(ii) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such Public Announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 (b) To be in proper written form, such stockholder s notice to the secretary must set forth 
 3 

(1) as to each person (a nominee whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (C) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the nominee, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of the nominee with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee, (E) a description of all arrangements or understandings between or among the stockholder, any nominee or any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder, including a description of any compensatory, payment or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding involving the nominee and of any compensation or other payment received by or on behalf of the nominee, in each case in connection with candidacy or service as a director of the Corporation (a Third-Party Compensation Arrangement ), (F) a written statement executed by the nominee consenting to (i) being named as a nominee of such stockholder, (ii) serving as a director of the Corporation if elected and (iii) being named in the Corporation s form of proxy pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the 1934 Act Rule 14a-19 ), and (G) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed about such nominee if proxies were being solicited for the election of the nominee as a director, or that is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act and 
 (2) as to such stockholder giving notice, (A) the information required to be provided pursuant to clauses (2) through (5) of Section 2.4(i)(b) above, and the supplement referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.4(i)(b) above (except that the references to business in such clauses shall instead refer to nominations of directors for purposes of this paragraph), and (B) a representation and undertaking as to whether such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person or others acting in concert with them intends, or is part of a group that intends, to (i) deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to or otherwise solicit proxies from holders of at least the percentage of the voting power of the Corporation s then outstanding stock required to elect such nominee(s) (which representation and undertaking must include a statement as to whether such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends to solicit the requisite percentage of the voting power of the Corporation s stock under Rule 14a-19), or (ii) otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such nomination (such information provided and statements made as required by Section 2.4(ii)(b)(1) and this Section 2.4(ii)(b)(2), a Nominee Solicitation Statement ). 
 (c) At the request of the Board, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director must furnish to the secretary of the Corporation (1) that information required to be set forth in the stockholder s notice of nomination of such person as a director as of a date subsequent to the date on which the notice of such person s nomination was given, (2) a signed and completed written questionnaire (in the form provided by the secretary at the written request of the nominating stockholder, which form will be provided by the secretary within 10 days of receiving such request) containing information regarding such nominee s background and qualifications and such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee, (3) a written representation and undertaking that, unless previously disclosed to the Corporation, such nominee is not, and will not become, a party to any Third-Party Compensation Arrangement, and (4) a written representation and undertaking that, if elected as a director, such nominee would be in compliance, and will continue to comply, with the Corporation s corporate governance guidelines as disclosed on the Corporation s website, as amended from time to time in the absence of the furnishing of such information if requested, such stockholder s nomination shall not be considered in proper form and shall be ineligible for consideration at the annual meeting pursuant to this Section 2.4(ii). 
 (d) Without exception, no person shall be eligible for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation at an annual meeting of stockholders unless nominated in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.4(ii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or 
 4 

re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or in any other notice to the Corporation or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or any other relevant notice contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. 
 (e) No later than five business days prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay thereof, a stockholder nominating individuals for election as a director will provide the Corporation with reasonable evidence that such stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19. The failure to timely provide such update, supplement, evidence or additional information shall result in the nomination no longer being eligible for consideration at the annual meeting. If the stockholder fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (including because the stockholder fails to provide the Corporation with all information or notices required by Rule 14a-19), then the chairperson of the meeting may determine that the director nominees proposed by such stockholder shall be ineligible for election at the annual meeting and any votes or proxies in respect of such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that such proxies may have been received by the Corporation and counted for the purposes of determining quorum. 
 (iii) Advance Notice of Director Nominations for Special Meetings. 
 (a) For a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to Section 2.3, nominations of persons for election to the Board shall be made only (1) by or at the direction of the Board or (2) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.4(iii), on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of the special meeting and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting and (B) delivers a timely written notice of the nomination to the secretary of the Corporation that includes the information set forth in Sections 2.4(ii)(b) and (ii)(c) above (with references therein to annual meeting deemed to mean special meeting for the purposes of this Section 2.4(iii)). To be timely, such notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at a special meeting unless the person is nominated (i) by or at the direction of the Board or (ii) by a stockholder in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.4(iii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or in any other notice to the Corporation or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or any other relevant notice contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 
 (b) The chairperson of the special meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that a nomination or business was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the meeting, and the defective nomination or business shall be disregarded. 
 (iv) Other Requirements and Rights. In addition to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.4, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.4, including, with respect to business such stockholder intends to bring before the annual meeting that involves a proposal that such stockholder requests to be included in the Corporation s proxy statement, the requirements of Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the 1934 Act. Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed to affect any right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the 1934 Act. 
 5 

2.5 Notice of Stockholders Meeting 
 Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given in accordance with Section 232 of the DGCL, and such notice shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Except as otherwise provided in the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. 
 2.6 Quorum 
 The holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders, unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the rules of any applicable stock exchange on which the Corporation s securities are listed. Where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required, a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series or classes or series, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter, except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the rules of any applicable stock exchange on which the Corporation s securities are listed. 
 If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairperson of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 2.7 Adjourned Meeting Notice 
 When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication), unless these bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 222(a) of the DGCL. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 213(a) of the DGCL and Section 2.11 of these bylaws, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 
 2.8 Conduct of Business 
 The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of business 
 6 

and discussion as seem to the chairperson in order. The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date or time, whether or not a quorum is present. The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders shall be designated by the Board in the absence of such designation, the chairperson of the Board, if any, or the chief executive officer (in the absence of the chairperson of the Board), or the president (in the absence of the chairperson of the Board and the chief executive officer), or in their absence any other executive officer of the Corporation, shall serve as chairperson of the stockholder meeting. 
 2.9 Voting 
 (a) The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.11 of these bylaws, subject to Section 217 (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock) and Section 218 (relating to voting trusts and other voting agreements) of the DGCL. 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the rules of any applicable stock exchange on which the Corporation s securities are listed, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. 
 (c) Where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the majority of the voting power of the shares of such class or series or classes or series present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of such class or series or classes or series, except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the rules of any applicable stock exchange. 
 (d) Except as provided in Section 3.4 and in this Section 2.9, in an election for directors that is not a contested election, each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast. A majority of votes cast means that the voting power of the shares cast for a director s election exceeds the voting power of the shares cast against that director. The following shall not be votes cast (a) voting power attributable to a share whose ballot is marked as withheld (b) voting power attributable to a share otherwise present at the meeting but for which there is an abstention and (c) voting power attributable to a share otherwise present at the meeting as to which a stockholder gives no authority or direction. In a contested election, the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast. 
 (e) A contested election is one in which, as of the date that is ten (10) calendar days in advance of the date the Corporation files its definitive proxy statement (regardless of whether thereafter revised or supplemented) for such meeting with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected at the meeting. 
 (f) If a nominee for director in an election that is not a contested election fails to receive the required number of votes for re-election, the director shall, no later than fifteen (15) days following the certification of the stockholder vote (the Resignation Deadline ), tender such director s resignation from the Board. Prior to the Voting Threshold Date (as such term is defined in the Certificate of Incorporation), if any nominee failing to be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast in an election that is not a contested election (i) tenders a resignation by the Resignation Deadline or (ii) does not tender a resignation by the Resignation Deadline, then the stockholders may take action via consent without a meeting to, in the case of clause (i), appoint a director to fill the vacancy resulting from the resignation of such director (the Resigned Director and, in the case of clause (ii), remove such director (the Removed Director from the Board and, in such action (and only in such action), appoint a director to fill the vacancy resulting from the removal of the Removed Director, provided, that in each 
 7 

case such action by the stockholders without a meeting must be taken no later than thirty (30) days following, in the case of clause (i), the effective date of such resignation and, in the case of clause (ii), the Resignation Deadline. In the event that a director is not appointed by the stockholders pursuant to the preceding sentence to fill the vacancy created by the Resigned Director or the Removed Director, as applicable, neither the Board nor the stockholders of the Corporation may fill such vacancy until the next annual meeting of stockholders. Following the Voting Threshold Date, if any nominee fails to be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast in an election that is not a contested election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall then make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to request such director s resignation or whether other action should be taken. Thereafter, the Board will promptly consider and act on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, and if requested, such director will promptly tender his or her resignation. 
 2.10 Stockholder Action by Consent Without a Meeting 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents setting forth the action so taken shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. A consent must be set forth in writing or in an electronic transmission. No consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless valid consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take such action are delivered to the Corporation in the manner prescribed in this Section 2.10 and applicable law within 60 days of the first date on which a consent is so delivered to the Corporation. All references to a consent in this Section 2.10 mean a consent permitted by this Section 2.10 and contemplated by Section 228 of the DGCL. 
 A consent permitted by this Section 2.10 shall be delivered (i) to the principal place of business of the Corporation (ii) to an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded (iii) to the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested or (iv) subject to the next sentence, in accordance with Section 116 of the DGCL, to an information processing system, if any, designated by the Corporation for receiving such consents. In the case of delivery pursuant to the foregoing clause (iv), such consent must set forth or be delivered with information that enables the Corporation to determine the date of delivery of such consent and the identity of the person giving such consent, and, if such consent is given by a person authorized to act for a stockholder as proxy, such consent must comply with the applicable provisions of Sections 212(c)(2) and (3) of the DGCL. A consent may be documented and signed in accordance with Section 116 of the DGCL, and when so documented or signed shall be deemed to be in writing for purposes of the DGCL provided that if such consent is delivered pursuant to clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first sentence of this paragraph, such consent must be reproduced and delivered in paper form. 
 In the event that the Board shall have instructed the officers of the Corporation to solicit the vote or consent of the stockholders of the Corporation, an electronic transmission of a stockholder consent given pursuant to such solicitation, to be effective, must be delivered by electronic mail (as defined in Section 232 of the DGCL) to the secretary or chief executive officer of the Corporation or to a person designated by the Corporation for receiving such consent, or delivered to an information processing system designated by the Corporation for receiving such consent. 
 2.11 Record Dates 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at 
 8 

such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. 
 If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. 
 A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided , however , that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the provisions of Section 213 of the DGCL and this Section 2.11 at the adjourned meeting. 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 2.12 Proxies 
 Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, or to take corporate action by consent without a meeting, or such stockholder s authorized officer, director, employee or agent, may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy authorized by a document or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The authorization of a person to act as a proxy may be documented, signed and delivered in accordance with Section 116 of the DGCL provided that such authorization shall set forth, or be delivered with information enabling the Corporation to determine, the identity of the stockholder granting such authorization. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL. 
 2.13 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 
 The Corporation shall prepare no later than the tenth day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting provided , however , if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. The Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of 10 days ending on the day before the meeting date (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the Corporation s principal place of business. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. 
 9 

2.14 Inspectors of Election 
 Before any meeting of stockholders, the Corporation shall appoint an inspector or inspectors of election to act at the meeting or its adjournment. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. Such inspectors shall take all actions as contemplated under Section 231 of the DGCL or any successor provision thereto. 
 The inspectors of election shall perform their duties impartially, in good faith, to the best of their ability and as expeditiously as is practical. If there are multiple inspectors of election, the decision, act or certificate of a majority is effective in all respects as the decision, act or certificate of all. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS 
 3.1 Powers 
 The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, except as may be otherwise provided in the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 3.2 Number of Directors 
 The Board shall consist of one or more members, each of whom shall be a natural person. Unless the Certificate of Incorporation fixes the number of directors and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors shall be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director s term of office expires. 
 3.3 Election, Qualification and Term of Office of Directors 
 Except as provided in Section 3.4 of these bylaws, each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws. The Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws may prescribe other qualifications for directors. 
 If so provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, the directors of the Corporation shall be divided into three classes. 
 3.4 Resignation and Vacancies 
 Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the chairperson of the Board, chief executive officer, or secretary of the Corporation. A resignation is effective when the resignation is delivered unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events. A resignation which is conditioned upon the director failing to receive a specified vote for reelection as a director may provide that it is irrevocable. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, when one or more directors resign from the Board, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective. 
 10 

Except as explicitly otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation and these bylaws or permitted in the specific case by resolution of the Board, and subject to the rights of holders of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by stockholders. If the directors are divided into classes, a person so chosen to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. 
 3.5 Place of Meetings Meetings by Telephone 
 The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board may participate in a meeting of the Board by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 3.6 Regular Meetings 
 Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. 
 3.7 Special Meetings Notice 
 Special meetings of the Board for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer, the secretary or a majority of the Whole Board, provided, that the person(s) authorized to call special meetings of the Board may authorize another person or persons to send notice of such meeting. 
 Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be 
 (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone 
 (ii) sent by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid 
 (iii) sent by facsimile 
 (iv) sent by electronic mail or 
 (v) otherwise given by electronic transmission (as defined in Section 232 of the DGCL), 
 directed to each director at that director s address, telephone number, facsimile number, electronic mail address or other contact for notice by electronic transmission, as the case may be, as shown on the Corporation s records. 
 If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile, (iii) sent by electronic mail or (iv) otherwise given by electronic transmission, it shall be delivered, sent or otherwise directed to each director, as applicable, at least 24 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is sent by United States mail, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four days before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice may be communicated to the 
 11 

director in lieu of written notice if such notice is communicated at least 24 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting (if the meeting is to be held at the Corporation s principal executive office) nor the purpose of the meeting, unless required by statute. 
 3.8 Quorum Voting 
 At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. 
 The affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws. 
 3.9 Board Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, (i) any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and (ii) a consent may be documented, signed and delivered in any manner permitted by Section 116 of the DGCL. Any person (whether or not then a director) may provide, whether through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that a consent to action will be effective at a future time (including a time determined upon the happening of an event), no later than 60 days after such instruction is given or such provision is made and such consent shall be deemed to have been given for purposes of this Section 3.9 at such effective time so long as such person is then a director and did not revoke the consent prior to such time. Any such consent shall be revocable prior to its becoming effective. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board, or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. 
 3.10 Fees and Compensation of Directors 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. 
 3.11 Removal of Directors 
 Any director may be removed from office only as contemplated in the Certificate of Incorporation or in Section 2.9 of these bylaws. 
 No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of such director s term of office. 
 ARTICLE IV - COMMITTEES 
 4.1 Committees of Directors 
 The Board may, by resolution passed by a majority of the Whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a 
 12 

committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board or in these bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopt, amend or repeal any bylaw of the Corporation. 
 4.2 Committee Minutes 
 Each committee and subcommittee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings. 
 4.3 Meetings and Action of Committees 
 Unless otherwise specified by the Board, meetings and actions of committees and subcommittees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of 
 (i) Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone) 
 (ii) Section 3.6 (regular meetings) 
 (iii) Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice) 
 (iv) Section 3.8 (quorum voting) 
 (v) Section 3.9 (action without a meeting) and 
 (vi) Section 7.4 (waiver of notice) 
 with such changes in the context of these bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee or subcommittee and its members for the Board and its members. However 
 (i) the time and place of regular meetings of committees or subcommittees may be determined either by the Board or by the committee or subcommittee 
 (ii) special meetings of committees or subcommittees may also be called by the Board or the committee or subcommittee and 
 (iii) notice of special meetings of committees or subcommittees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee or subcommittee. 
 The Board or a committee or subcommittee may adopt rules for the government of any committee or subcommittee. 
 4.4 Subcommittees 
 Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the resolutions of the Board designating the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. 
 13 

ARTICLE V - OFFICERS 
 5.1 Officers 
 The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, president and a secretary. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board, a chairperson of the Board, a vice chairperson of the Board, a chief financial officer or treasurer, one or more vice presidents, one or more assistant vice presidents, one or more assistant treasurers, one or more assistant secretaries, and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. 
 5.2 Appointment of Officers 
 The Board shall appoint the officers of the Corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these bylaws, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. 
 5.3 Subordinate Officers 
 The Board may appoint, or empower any officer to appoint, such other officers as the business of the Corporation may require. Each of such officers shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these bylaws or as determined from time to time by the Board or, for the avoidance of doubt, any duly authorized committee or subcommittee thereof or by any officer who has been conferred such power of determination. 
 5.4 Removal and Resignation of Officers 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the Board or, for the avoidance of doubt, any duly authorized committee or subcommittee thereof or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the Board unless as otherwise provided by resolution of the Board, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the chief executive officer of the Corporation may only be removed by a vote of the majority of the Whole Board. 
 Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice to the Corporation in writing or by electronic transmission. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time or upon an event specified in that notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party. 
 5.5 Vacancies in Offices 
 Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board or as provided in Section 5.3. 
 5.6 Representation of Securities of Other Entities 
 The chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president, any vice president, the treasurer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the Board or the chief executive officer, the president or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares or other securities of, or interests in, or issued by, any other corporation or corporations or any other entity or entities, and all rights incident to any management authority conferred on the Corporation in accordance with the 
 14 

governing documents of any entity or entities, standing in the name of this Corporation, including the right to act by written consent. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority. 
 5.7 Authority and Duties of Officers 
 Each officer of the Corporation shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the Board or, for the avoidance of doubt, any duly authorized committee or subcommittee thereof or by any officer who has been conferred such power of designation and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board. 
 ARTICLE VI - STOCK 
 6.1 Stock Certificates Partly Paid Shares 
 The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board, every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of, the Corporation by any two officers of the Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. The Corporation shall not have power to issue a certificate in bearer form. 
 The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly-paid shares, or upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly-paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully-paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly-paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon. 
 6.2 Special Designation of Certificates 
 If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock provided, however , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the registered owner thereof shall be given a notice, in writing or by electronic transmission, containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 6.2 or Sections 151, 156, 202(a), 218(a) or 364 of the DGCL or with respect to this Section 6.2 a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, 
 15 

preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical. 
 6.3 Lost Certificates 
 Except as provided in this Section 6.3, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner s legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 
 6.4 Dividends 
 The Board, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of the Corporation s capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation s capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. The Board may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. 
 6.5 Transfer of Stock 
 Transfers of record of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by an attorney duly authorized, and, subject to Section 6.3 of these bylaws, if such stock is certificated, upon the surrender of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer. 
 6.6 Stock Transfer Agreements 
 The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes or series of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes or series owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 
 6.7 Registered Stockholders 
 The Corporation 
 (i) shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and notices and to vote as such owner and 
 (ii) shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. 
 16 

ARTICLE VII - MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE AND WAIVER 
 7.1 Notice of Stockholders Meetings 
 Notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given in the manner set forth in the DGCL. 
 7.2 Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address 
 Except as otherwise prohibited under the DGCL, without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under the provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Corporation, within 60 days of having been given written notice by the Corporation of its intention to send the single notice, shall be deemed to have consented to receiving such single written notice. This Section 7.2 shall not apply to Sections 164, 296, 311, 312 or 324 of the DGCL. 
 7.3 Notice to Person with Whom Communication Is Unlawful 
 Whenever notice is required to be given, under the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. 
 7.4 Waiver of Notice 
 Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, a written waiver, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws. 
 ARTICLE VIII - INDEMNIFICATION 
 8.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers in Third-Party Proceedings 
 Subject to the other provisions of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, 
 17 

officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such person s conduct was unlawful. 
 8.2 Indemnification of Directors and Officers in Actions by or in the Right of the Corporation 
 Subject to the other provisions of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. 
 8.3 Successful Defense 
 To the extent that a present or former director or officer (for purposes of this Section 8.3 only, as such term is defined in Section 145(c)(1) of the DGCL) of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding described in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. The Corporation may indemnify any other person who is not a present or former director or officer of the Corporation against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person to the extent he or she has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding described in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein. 
 8.4 Indemnification of Others 
 Subject to the other provisions of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall have power to indemnify its employees and agents, or any other persons, to the extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law. The Board shall have the power to delegate to any person or persons identified in subsections (1) through (4) of Section 145(d) of the DGCL the determination of whether employees or agents shall be indemnified. 
 8.5 Advance Payment of Expenses 
 Expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by an officer or director of the Corporation in defending any Proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final 
 18 

disposition of such Proceeding upon receipt of a written request therefor (together with documentation reasonably evidencing such expenses) and an undertaking by or on behalf of the person to repay such amounts if it shall ultimately be determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VIII or the DGCL. Such expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by former directors and officers or other current or former employees and agents of the Corporation or by persons currently or formerly serving at the request of the Corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate. The right to advancement of expenses shall not apply to any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to these bylaws, but shall apply to any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) referenced in Section 8.6(ii) or 8.6(iii) prior to a determination that the person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to Section 8.8, no advance shall be made by the Corporation to an officer of the Corporation (except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the Corporation, in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any Proceeding if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such Proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. 
 8.6 Limitation on Indemnification 
 Subject to the requirements in Section 8.3 and the DGCL, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any person pursuant to this Article VIII in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) 
 (i) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of such person under any statute, insurance policy, indemnity provision, vote or otherwise, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid 
 (ii) for an accounting or disgorgement of profits pursuant to Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act, or similar provisions of federal, state or local statutory law or common law, if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements) 
 (iii) for any reimbursement of the Corporation by such person of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by such person from the sale of securities of the Corporation, as required in each case under the 1934 Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Corporation pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), or the payment to the Corporation of profits arising from the purchase and sale by such person of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements) 
 (iv) initiated by such person, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by such person against the Corporation or its directors, officers, employees, agents or other indemnitees, unless (a) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or the relevant part of the Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (b) the Corporation provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporation under applicable law, (c) otherwise required to be made under Section 8.7 or (d) otherwise required by applicable law or 
 (v) if prohibited by applicable law. 
 19 

8.7 Determination Claim 
 If a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VIII is not paid in full within 90 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written request therefor, the claimant shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of expenses. The Corporation shall indemnify such person against any and all expenses that are actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any action for indemnification or advancement of expenses from the Corporation under this Article VIII, to the extent such person is successful in such action, and to the extent not prohibited by law. In any such suit, the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proving that the claimant is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses. 
 8.8 Non-Exclusivity of Rights 
 The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation or any statute, bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The Corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advancement of expenses, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law. 
 8.9 Insurance 
 The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person s status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL. 
 8.10 Survival 
 The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Article VIII shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
 8.11 Effect of Repeal or Modification 
 A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to or repeal or elimination of the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the Proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred. 
 8.12 Certain Definitions 
 For purposes of this Article VIII, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting entity, any constituent entity (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent entity, or is or was serving at the request of such 
 20 

constituent entity as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving entity as such person would have with respect to such constituent entity if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article VIII. 
 ARTICLE IX - GENERAL MATTERS 
 9.1 Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments 
 Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the Board may authorize any officer or officers, employee or employees, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any document or instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board or within the agency power of an officer, agent or employee, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. 
 9.2 Fiscal Year 
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board and may be changed by the Board. 
 9.3 Seal 
 The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be adopted and which may be altered by the Board. The Corporation may use the corporate seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 
 9.4 Construction Definitions 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term person includes a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise and a natural person. Any reference in these bylaws to a section of the DGCL shall be deemed to refer to such section as amended from time to time and any successor provisions thereto. 
 ARTICLE X - AMENDMENTS 
 These bylaws may be altered, adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote provided , however , that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the total voting power of outstanding voting securities of the Corporation, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders of the Corporation to alter, amend or repeal, or adopt any provision of these bylaws. The Board shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal these bylaws provided, further, however , that, 
 21 

to the fullest extent permitted by law, prior to the Voting Threshold Date, Section 2.9 of these Bylaws shall not be further amended or repealed without the consent of the stockholders and the Board. 
 A bylaw amendment adopted by stockholders which specifies the votes that shall be necessary for the election of directors shall not be further amended or repealed by the Board. 
 ARTICLE XI - EXCLUSIVE FORUM 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, stockholder, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such court within 10 days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court, or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction. 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against any person in connection with any offering of the Corporation s securities, including, without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt, any auditor, underwriter, expert, control person or other defendant. 
 Any person or entity purchasing, holding or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XI. This provision shall be enforceable by any party to a complaint covered by the provisions of this Article XI. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Article XI shall apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the 1934 Act or any successor thereto. 
 
 22 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-10.18>
 4
 dash-ex1018fy2210xk.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 Exhibit 10.18 

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT dated as of, October 31, 2022 (this Amendment ), relating to the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (the Existing Credit Agreement ), among DOORDASH, INC. (the Borrower ), the GUARANTORS party thereto, the LENDERS (the Lenders and ISSUING BANKS party thereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 WHEREAS the Lenders have agreed to extend credit to the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein 
 WHEREAS in accordance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement, including Section 2.13(b) thereof, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent have elected to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the Administrative Agent has previously provided written notice of such election to the Lenders (the Early Opt-in Election 
 WHEREAS the Borrower has requested that the Lenders accept the Early Opt-In Election by executing this Amendment to reflect the implementation of the Early Opt-In Election 
 WHEREAS pursuant to Section 2.13(c) of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent has the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, including those Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes reflected in Annex I hereto and 
 WHEREAS the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders whose signatures appear below (the Consenting Lenders are willing to accept the Early Opt-In Election and consent to the modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and as a result thereof the Early Opt-in Election has become effective as of the date hereof (the Early Opt-in Effective Date ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including in the preamble and the recitals hereto) have the meanings assigned to them in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. Amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement. Effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Existing Credit Agreement and Exhibits B-1 and C thereto (excluding the Schedules and other Exhibits thereto, each of which shall remain as in effect immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date) is hereby amended by inserting the language indicated in single or double underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples single-underlined text or double-underlined text in Annex I, Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit C hereto, as applicable, and by deleting the language indicated by strikethrough text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text in Annex I, Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit C hereto, as applicable. (the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended, being referred to as the Amended Credit Agreement ). 

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and to each of the Lenders party hereto, as of the First Amendment Effective Date, that 
 (a) this Amendment has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational and, if required, equity holder action of each Loan Party, and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 
 (b) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Amendment and the other Loan Documents (including the Amended Credit Agreement) are true and correct in all material respects (other than to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect , in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except that (i) the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.4(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 5.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement and (ii) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in such manner as of such earlier date and 
 (c) on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 4. Effectiveness. This Amendment and the amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement contemplated hereby shall become effective as of the first date (the First Amendment Effective Date on which 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from the Borrower and the Consenting Lenders, which shall constitute at least the Required Lenders of each Class, either (i) a counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or e-mail transmission of a signed signature page of this Amendment) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Amendment and 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 
 SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay all reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Amendment, to the extent invoiced with reasonable detail at least two Business Days prior to the First Amendment Effective Date and due and payable on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, counsel for the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 6. Effect of this Amendment. (a) Except as expressly set forth herein or in the Amended Credit Agreement, this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement or 
 2 

any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrower to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. The Borrower agrees that all of its obligations, liabilities and indebtedness under each Loan Document, including guarantee obligations, shall remain in full force and effect, in accordance with applicable law, on a continuous basis after giving effect to this Amendment. 
 (a) On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or other words of similar import, as used in the Amended Credit Agreement, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended hereby and the term Credit Agreement , as used in any other Loan Document, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 7. Reaffirmation . Each of the Loan Parties hereby (a) reaffirms its obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, in each case as modified by this Amendment, and (b) acknowledges and agrees that the guarantees of the Loan Parties contained in the Loan Documents are, and shall remain, in full force and effect in respect of, and to secure, the Obligations. 
 SECTION 8. Interpretation. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 9. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process. 
 (a) This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each party to this Amendment hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Amendment or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Amendment against any Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (c) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Amendment or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by 
 3 

law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Each party to this Amendment irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 10.1 of the Amended Credit Agreement. Nothing in this Amendment will affect the right of any party to this Amendment to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 11. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution , signed , signature , delivery , and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 SECTION 12. Headings. Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 
 Signature page follows 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 DOORDASH, INC., by s Prabir Adarkar Name Prabir Adarkar Title Chief Financial Officer 

Company Signature Page to the DoorDash Amendment Agreement 

CAVIAR, LLC, as Guarantor 
 
 by DoorDash, Inc., its sole member 
 
 by s Prabir Adarkar 
 Name Prabir Adarkar 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

Guarantor Signature Page to the DoorDash Amendment Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, by s David Tepper Name David Tepper Title Vice President 

Signature Page to the DoorDash Amendment Agreement 

Name of Institution Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC by s Keshia Leday Name Keshia Leday Title Authorized Signatory 
 Lender Signature Page to the DoorDash Amendment Agreement 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender 
 by s Sean Duggan Name Sean Duggan Title Director 
 
 Lender Signature Page to the DoorDash Amendment Agreement 

Name of Institution DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH by s Ming K Chu Name Ming K Chu 
 Title Director 
 by 1 s Marko Lukin Name Marko Lukin 
 Title Vice President 

The second signature block is for the use of those Lenders that require two signatures. 
 
 Signature Page to the DoorDash Amendment Agreement 

Name of Institution UBS AG, Stamford Branch by s Danielle Calo Name Danielle Calo 
 Title Associate Director 
 by s Dionne Robinson Name Dionne Robinson Title Associate Director 
 Lender Signature Page to the DoorDash Amendment Agreement 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA by s Nicholas Heslip Name Nicholas Heslip Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Lender Signature Page to the DoorDash Amendment Agreement 

ANNEX I 

PROPOSED AMENDMENTS REFLECTING THE AMENDMENT ADDED TEXT SHOWN UNDERSCORED , DELETED TEXT SHOWN STRIKETHROUGH 
 
 REVOLVING CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
 dated as of November 19, 2019 
 as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 
 among 
 DOORDASH, INC., 
 the Guarantors party hereto, 
 the Lenders and Issuing Banks party hereto 
 and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC and BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 
 Section 1.1 Defined Terms. 1 
 Section 1.2 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 34 36 
 Section 1.3 Terms Generally 34 36 
 Section 1.4 Accounting Terms GAAP Certain Calculations 35 36 
 Section 1.5 Letter of Credit Amounts 36 38 
 Section 1.6 Divisions 36 38 
 Section 1.7 Interest Rates LIBOR Notification 37 38 
 Section 1.8 Effectiveness of 2020 Incremental Commitments 37 39 
 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 38 39 
 Section 2.1 Commitments 38 39 
 Section 2.2 Revolving Loans and Borrowings 38 40 
 Section 2.3 Swing Line Loans 39 40 
 Section 2.4 Issuance of Letters of Credit and Purchase of Participations Therein 40 42 
 Section 2.5 Requests for Borrowings 47 48 
 Section 2.6 Funding of Borrowings 47 49 
 Section 2.7 Interest Elections 48 49 
 Section 2.8 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 49 50 
 Section 2.9 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 49 51 
 Section 2.10 Prepayment of Loans 50 52 
 Section 2.11 Fees 51 52 
 Section 2.12 Interest 52 53 
 Section 2.13 Alternate Rate of Interest 53 54 
 Section 2.14 Increased Costs 54 56 
 Section 2.15 Break Funding Payments 55 58 
 Section 2.16 Taxes 56 58 
 Section 2.17 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs. 59 61 
 Section 2.18 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 60 63 
 Section 2.19 Increase in the Aggregate Commitments 61 64 
 Section 2.20 Extension of Maturity Date 64 66 
 Section 2.21 Defaulting Lenders 66 69 
 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 68 71 
 Section 3.1 Organization Powers 68 71 
 Section 3.2 Authorization Enforceability 68 71 
 Section 3.3 Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 69 71 
 Section 3.4 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 69 72 
 Section 3.5 Properties 69 72 
 Section 3.6 Litigation and Environmental Matters 69 72 
 Section 3.7 Compliance with Laws and Agreements 70 73 
 Section 3.8 Investment Company Status 70 73 
 Section 3.9 Taxes 70 73 
 Section 3.10 ERISA 70 73 
 Section 3.11 Disclosure 72 74 
 Section 3.12 Subsidiaries 72 75 
 Section 3.13 Anti-Terrorism Laws USA Patriot Act 72 75 
 Section 3.14 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 72 75 
 Section 3.15 Margin Stock 73 75 
 Section 3.16 Solvency 73 75 
 -2- 

Section 3.17 EEA Financial Institution 73 75 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 73 76 
 Section 4.1 Reserved 73 76 
 Section 4.2 Each Credit Extension 73 76 
 ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 74 76 
 Section 5.1 Financial Statements Other Information 74 77 
 Section 5.2 Notices of Material Events 75 78 
 Section 5.3 Existence Conduct of Business 76 78 
 Section 5.4 Payment of Taxes 76 78 
 Section 5.5 Maintenance of Properties Insurance 76 79 
 Section 5.6 Books and Records Inspection Rights 76 79 
 Section 5.7 ERISA-Related Information 76 79 
 Section 5.8 Compliance with Laws and Agreements 77 80 
 Section 5.9 Use of Proceeds 77 80 
 Section 5.10 Additional Guarantors 78 80 
 Section 5.11 Further Assurances 78 81 
 Section 5.12 Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries 78 81 
 Section 5.13 Lender Calls 80 82 
 ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 80 83 
 Section 6.1 Indebtedness 80 83 
 Section 6.2 Liens 81 84 
 Section 6.3 Fundamental Changes 84 86 
 Section 6.4 Restricted Payments 85 88 
 Section 6.5 Restrictive Agreements 87 89 
 Section 6.6 Transactions with Affiliates 87 90 
 Section 6.7 Investments 88 90 
 Section 6.8 Financial Covenant 89 92 
 ARTICLE VII GUARANTY 89 92 
 Section 7.1 Guaranty of the Obligations 89 92 
 Section 7.2 Payment by Guarantors 89 92 
 Section 7.3 Liability of Guarantors Absolute 90 92 
 Section 7.4 Waivers by Guarantors 91 94 
 Section 7.5 Guarantors Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc 92 95 
 Section 7.6 Subordination of Other Obligations 93 95 
 Section 7.7 Continuing Guaranty 93 95 
 Section 7.8 Authority of Guarantors or the Borrower 93 96 
 Section 7.9 Financial Condition of the Borrower 93 96 
 Section 7.10 Bankruptcy, Etc 93 96 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 94 97 
 ARTICLE IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 96 99 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 101 105 
 Section 10.1 Notices 101 105 
 Section 10.2 Waivers Amendments 102 106 
 -3- 

Section 10.3 Expenses Limitation of Liability Indemnity 104 108 
 Section 10.4 Successors and Assigns 106 110 
 Section 10.5 Survival 110 114 
 Section 10.6 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 111 115 
 Section 10.7 Severability 112 116 
 Section 10.8 Right of Setoff 112 116 
 Section 10.9 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 112 116 
 Section 10.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 113 117 
 Section 10.11 Headings 113 117 
 Section 10.12 Confidentiality 113 118 
 Section 10.13 Interest Rate Limitation 115 119 
 Section 10.14 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 115 119 
 Section 10.15 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 116 120 
 Section 10.16 USA PATRIOT Act 116 120 
 Section 10.17 Release of Guarantors 116 120 
 Section 10.18 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 117 121 
 Section 10.19 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 117 121 
 -4- 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 2.1(a) Original Commitments 
 Schedule 2.1(b) 2020 Incremental Commitments 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B-1 Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit B-2 Form of Issuance Notice 
 Exhibit C Form of Interest Election Request 
 Exhibit D-1 Form of Revolving Loan Note 
 Exhibit D-2 Form of Swing Line Note 
 Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit F Form of Maturity Date Extension Request 
 Exhibit G Form of Counterpart Agreement 
 Exhibit H Form of Solvency Certificate 
 Exhibit I Form of Portfolio Interest Certificates 
 Exhibit J Form of Beneficial Ownership Certificate 
 -5- 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020, among DOORDASH, INC., as Borrower, the GUARANTORS party hereto, the LENDERS and ISSUING BANKS party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender. 
 The Borrower (such term and each other capitalized term used and not otherwise defined herein having the meaning assigned to it in Article I ), requested that the Lenders make Loans to the Borrower on a revolving credit basis and the Issuing Banks issue Letters of Credit at the request and for the account of the Borrower on and after the Effective Date and at any time and from time to time prior to the Commitment Termination Date. 
 The proceeds of borrowings and Letters of Credit hereunder are to be used for the purposes described in Section 5.9 . The Lenders are willing to establish the credit facility referred to in the preceding paragraph upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 Article I DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.1 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 2020 Incremental Commitment means, with respect to each 2020 Incremental Lender, the commitment of such 2020 Incremental Lender to make Revolving Loans hereunder and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such 2020 Incremental Lender s Loans hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.8 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 2.20 or Section 10.4 . The initial amount of each 2020 Incremental Lender s 2020 Incremental Commitment as of the Restatement Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.1(b) . The initial aggregate amount of the 2020 Incremental Lenders 2020 Incremental Commitments as of the Restatement Effective Date is 100,000,000. 
 2020 Incremental Commitment Aggregate Available Amount means, at any time of determination, the sum of the 2020 Incremental Commitment Available Amount of all 2020 Incremental Lenders. 
 2020 Incremental Commitment Available Amount means, at any time of determination with respect to a 2020 Incremental Lender, (a) if the IPO Effective Date has not occurred, 0, (b) if the IPO Effective Date has occurred on or prior to the date that is 12 months after the Restatement Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the 2020 Incremental Commitments of such 2020 Incremental Lender in effect at such time, and (c) if the IPO Effective Date has occurred after the date that is 12 months after the Restatement Effective Date, 0. 
 2020 Incremental Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.1(b) and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto in the capacity of a 2020 Incremental Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions resulting in the acquisition by Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the Equity Interests of, or a business line or unit or a division of, any Person. 

Adjusted LIBO Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 equal to (a) the LIBO Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by plus (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 Administrative Agent means JPMCB, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.3(d) . 
 Aggregate Available Commitment Amount means the sum of the 2020 Incremental Commitment Aggregate Available Amount and the Original Commitment Aggregate Available Amount. Any reference herein to a Lender s Aggregate Available Commitment Amount shall refer to the sum of the 2020 Incremental Commitment Available Amount and the Original Commitment Available Amount of such Lender. 
 Agreement means this Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020, as the same may hereafter be modified, supplemented, extended, amended, restated or amended and restated from time to time. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 1 2 of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for an a one month Interest Period of one month commencing on as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1.00 per annum . For purposes of clause (c) above, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate on any day shall be based on the Screen Rate (or if the Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the Interpolated Rate) Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 11 00 5 00 a.m., London Chicago time, on such day for deposits in dollars with a maturity of one month (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.13 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until any amendment has become effective the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.13(b) ), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
 2 

Alternate Base Rate shall at no time be less than 0.00 per annum. 
 Amendment and Restatement Agreement means the Amendment and Restatement Agreement dated as of August 7, 2020, among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders party thereto. 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.6(b) . 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all applicable laws, rules and regulations concerning or relating to bribery, corruption or money laundering. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount represented by such Lender s 2020 Incremental Commitment Available Amount and Original Commitment Available Amount provided that if any Defaulting Lender exists at such time, the Applicable Percentage shall be calculated disregarding such Defaulting Lender s 2020 Incremental Commitment Available Amount and Original Commitment Available Amount. If any Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan , 1.00 per annum, and (b) with respect to any ABR Loan, 0.00 per annum. 
 Application means an application, in a form as the applicable Issuing Bank may specify as the form for use by its customers from time to time, executed and delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, requesting such Issuing Bank to issue a Letter of Credit. 
 Approved Fund has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4 . 
 Arrangers means JPMCB, GSLP and Barclays Bank PLC, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and any successors thereto. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.4 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Assuming Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a) . 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Commitment Termination Date. 
 Available Incremental Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Available Revolving Commitments means, as of any date, the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount then in effect minus the aggregate amount of Revolving Exposure then outstanding. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.13. 
 3 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Code means Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Basket means any financial test or ratio (including by reference to the Senior Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Assets or Liquidity) or any amount, threshold, value or availability, in each case prescribed or required with respect to any Limited Condition Transaction. 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan, the Daily Simple SOFR or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.13. 
 Benchmark Replacement means , for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (1) the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR 
 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate (which may be a SOFR-Based Rate) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate of interest as a replacement to for the LIBO Rate then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if . 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as so determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than zero the Floor , the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement provided further that any such Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and the other Loan Documents . 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means , with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment , (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) , that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the LIBO Rate such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant 
 4 

Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the LIBO Rate such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan , any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines , in consultation with the Borrower , may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement ). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the LIBO Rate 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Screen Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Screen Rate or 
 (2 and the other Loan Documents in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 Benchmark Transition Event Replacement Date means the occurrence of one or more , with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the LIBO Rate such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 5 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Screen Rate such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Screen Rate all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) , permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Screen Rate any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Screen Rate such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) , the U.S. Federal Reserve System Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Screen Rate such Benchmark (or such component) , a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Screen Rate such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Screen Rate such Benchmark (or such component) , in each case , which states that the administrator of the Screen Rate such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Screen Rate all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely , provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Screen Rate any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) and or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Screen Rate announcing that the Screen Rate is no longer such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Start Date means (a) in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (i) the applicable Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark Replacement Date and (ii) if such Benchmark Transition Event is if a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication) and (b) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the date specified by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (in the case of such notice by the Required Lenders) and the Lenders published component used in the calculation thereof) . 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the LIBO Rate and solely to the extent that the LIBO Rate has not been replaced with a with respect to any Benchmark Replacement , the period (if any) x) beginning at the time that such a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the LIBO Rate such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.13 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the LIBO Rate such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder pursuant to and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.13. 

6 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, substantially in the form of Exhibit J. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Beneficiary means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Board of Directors means the board of directors or comparable governing body of the Borrower or Parent, as the case may be, or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on its behalf. 
 Borrower means DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Borrowing means (a) Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swing Line Loan. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.5 . 
 Business Day means , any day that is not (other than a Saturday , or a Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are open for business in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan, addition to the term foregoing, a Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in dollar deposits in the London interbank market be (a) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings of such RFR Loan and (b) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP provided that, all obligations that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on February 25, 2016 of an Accounting Standards Update (the ASU shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions and calculations for purposes of the Loan Documents (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or 
 7 

otherwise) to be treated as capitalized lease obligations in the financial statements to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (or any Subsidiary thereof). 
 Cash Equivalents means 
 (1) United States dollars, or money in other currencies received in the ordinary course of business, 
 (2) U.S. Government Obligations or certificates representing an ownership interest in U.S. Government Obligations with maturities not exceeding one year from the date of acquisition, 
 (3) (i) demand deposits, (ii) time deposits and certificates of deposit with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition, (iii) bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year from the date of acquisition, and (iv) overnight bank deposits, in each case with any bank or trust company organized or licensed under the laws of the United States or any State thereof having capital, surplus and undivided profits in excess of 500 million whose short-term debt is rated A-2 or higher by S&P or P-2 or higher by Moody s, 
 (4) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than thirty days for underlying securities of the type described in clauses (2) and (3) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (3) above, 
 (5) commercial paper rated at least P-1 by Moody s or A-1 by S&P and maturing within one year after the date of acquisition, 
 (6) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition which (or the issuer of which) are rated at least A or A-1 by S&P or A2 or P-1 by Moody s, 
 (7) money market funds at least 90 of the assets of which consist of investments of the type described in clauses (1) through (6) above 
 (8) in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, other short-term investments that are analogous to the foregoing, are of comparable credit quality and are customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for cash management purposes and 
 (9) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that the Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable Law. 
 CFC means (a) each Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957), but only if a U.S. Person that is an Affiliate of a Loan Party is, with respect to such Person, a United States shareholder (within the meaning of Section 951(b)) described in Section 951(a)(1) and (b) each Subsidiary of any such controlled foreign corporation described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, all Section references are to the Code. 
 CFC Holdco means each Subsidiary of Parent (other than the Borrower) substantially all the assets of which consist of Equity Interests in (or Equity Interests in and Indebtedness of) one or more CFCs or CFC Holdcos. 
 Class means (a) with respect to any Commitment, each of the following classes of Commitments (i) Original Commitments and (ii) 2020 Incremental Commitments and (b) with respect to any Lender, each of the following classes of Lenders (i) Original Lenders and (ii) 2020 Incremental Lenders. 
 8 

Change in Control means (a) prior to an IPO, the failure by the holders of Parent s Equity Interests as of the Effective Date to continue to own, beneficially and of record, Equity Interests in Parent representing at least 50.1 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in Parent (b) after the consummation of an IPO, the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder), other than the Permitted Holders, individually or in the aggregate, of Equity Interests representing more than 35 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in Parent (c) persons who were (i) directors of Parent on the date hereof, (ii) nominated by the Board of Directors of Parent or whose nomination for election by the stockholders of Parent was approved by the Board of Directors of Parent at any time before such persons actually commenced their service as directors or (iii) appointed by directors that were directors of Parent or directors nominated as provided in the preceding clause (ii), ceasing to occupy a majority of the seats (excluding vacant seats) on the Board of Directors of Parent or (d) on and following the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings shall cease to beneficially own and control, directly or indirectly, 100 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower free and clear of all Liens provided that neither the consummation of a Holdco Transaction nor the consummation of an IPO shall be a Change in Control. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Effective Date, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Class means (a) with respect to any Commitment, each of the following classes of Commitments (i) Original Commitments and (ii) 2020 Incremental Commitments and (b) with respect to any Lender, each of the following classes of Lenders (i) Original Lenders and (ii) 2020 Incremental Lenders. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 Commitment means, as to any Lender, such Lender s Original Commitment or 2020 Incremental Commitment, as the context requires. 
 Commitment Increase has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Commitment Increase Supplement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(b) . 
 Commitment Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date the Commitments are permanently reduced to zero pursuant to Section 2.8 , and (c) the date of the termination of the Commitments pursuant to Article VIII . 
 Common Stock means the common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, of Parent. 
 Competitors has the meaning set forth in the definition of Disqualified Lender . 
 9 

Compounded SOFR means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate (which may include compounding in arrears with a lookback and or suspension period as a mechanism to determine the interest amount payable prior to the end of each Interest Period) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with 
 (1) the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR provided that 
 (2) if, and to the extent that, the Administrative Agent determines that Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (1) above, then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion are substantially consistent with any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining compounded SOFR for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time 
 
 provided , further , that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such rate, methodology or convention determined in accordance with clause (1) or clause (2) is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Compounded SOFR will be deemed unable to be determined for purposes of the definition of Benchmark Replacement. 
 Consenting Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(a) . 
 Consolidated Credit EBITDA means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus , all as determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication and to the extent reflected as a charge in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of (a) consolidated tax expense based on income, profits or capital, including state, franchise, capital and similar taxes and withholding taxes paid or accrued during such period, (b) total interest expense, and, to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of gains on such hedging obligations or such derivative instruments, and financial institution and letter of credit fees and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities plus expenses associated with the equity component of, and any mark to market losses with respect to, convertible debt instruments, (c) depreciation and amortization expense, (d) amortization of intangibles (including, but not limited to, goodwill), (e) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring costs, fees, charges and other expenses, including fees, charges and expenses incurred that are (or are expected to be within one year of the end of such period with a deduction in the subsequent period to the extent not so reimbursed or paid) reimbursed or actually paid by a third party or under indemnification or reimbursement provisions, (f) costs or expenses reasonably identified by Parent as incurred in connection with entry into or expansion of new markets, strategic initiatives and contracts, software development and new systems design, new product offerings, project start-up costs, and related integration and systems establishment costs, including any on-going operating losses in respect thereof for a period of no more than 24 months after commencement of such operations or expansion, (g) non-cash equity-based compensation expenses and payroll tax expense related to equity-based compensation expenses, (h) any other non-cash charges, non-cash expenses or non-cash losses (excluding any such charge, expense or loss incurred in the ordinary course of business that constitutes an accrual of, or a reserve for, cash charges for any future period) provided, however that cash payments made in such period or in any future period in respect of such non-cash charges, expenses or losses (excluding any such charge, expense or loss incurred in the ordinary course of business that constitutes an accrual of, or a reserve for, cash charges for any future period) shall be subtracted from Consolidated Net Income in calculating Consolidated Credit EBITDA in the period when such payments are made, (i) transition, integration, business optimization and similar fees, charges and expenses related to acquisitions, business combinations, dispositions and exiting lines of business, (j) restructuring, discontinued operations or similar charges, (k) pro forma run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies (including expected revenue enhancements) relating to Acquisitions, business combinations, dispositions and other initiatives that are reasonably identifiable and projected in good faith by Parent to result from actions that have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or initiated or are expected to be 
 10 

taken with the first eight full fiscal quarters after such event, (l) accruals or expenses related to settlements or payment of legal claims, (m) transaction costs associated with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and with any actual, proposed or contemplated issuance of Equity Interests (including any expense relating to enhanced accounting functions or other costs associated with becoming a public company), the making of any Investment, Acquisition, Joint Venture or disposition, or the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness (including Incremental Equivalent Debt, Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and any Permitted Call Spread Transactions) or refinancings, (n) in connection with Acquisitions of foreign Subsidiaries, expenses recognized on conversion from IFRS to GAAP for items capitalized under IFRS but expensed under GAAP, and (o) cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Credit EBITDA pursuant to clause (iii) below for any previous period and not added back provided that, for any period, the aggregate amount added pursuant to clauses (f), (i), (j) and (k) shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated Credit EBITDA for the applicable period (calculated after giving effect to such addbacks) and minus , to the extent included in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of (i) interest income, (ii) any extraordinary income or gains determined in accordance with GAAP, and (iii) any other non-cash income other than accrual of revenue in the ordinary course of business (excluding any items that represent the reversal of any accrual of, or cash reserve for, anticipated cash charges in any prior period that are described in the parenthetical to clause (h) above). 
 Consolidated Net Income means for any period, the net income (loss) of Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis determined in conformity with GAAP provided, however, that there will not be included in the determination of Consolidated Net Income the effect of (a) with respect to any Subsidiary that is not wholly owned but whose net income is consolidated in whole or in part with the net income of Parent, the income of such Subsidiary solely to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its organizational documents or any law applicable to such Subsidiary provided that Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments that are actually paid by such Subsidiary to Parent or any other Subsidiary (b) any net gain (or loss) realized upon the sale or other disposition of any asset or disposed operations (including pursuant to any sale and leaseback) which is not sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business (c) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles and (d) any recapitalization or purchase accounting effects including, but not limited to, adjustments to inventory, property and equipment, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements, as a result of any consummated Acquisition, or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof (including any write-off of in process research and development). In addition, proceeds from any business interruption insurance received in such period or which is reasonably expected to be received in a subsequent period and within one year of the underlying loss shall be added to Consolidated Net Income provided, that if not so received within such one-year period, such amount shall be subtracted in the subsequent calculation period. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, at any date of determination, the total amount of assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries (or of any Subsidiary of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the context requires), as set forth on the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) and (b) (or, prior to the first such delivery, the financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2019 delivered pursuant to Section 3.4(a) ). 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Parent and its Subsidiaries outstanding on such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, consisting only of Indebtedness for borrowed money, Capital Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness provided, Consolidated Total Indebtedness will not include Indebtedness that is non-recourse to Parent and its Subsidiaries, undrawn amounts under revolving credit facilities and Indebtedness in respect of any (1) letter of credit, bank guarantees and performance or similar bonds, except to the extent of obligations in respect of drawn standby letters of credit which have not been reimbursed within three (3) Business Days and (2) obligations under Swap Agreements. The dollar-equivalent principal amount of any Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency will reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of Swap Agreements for currency exchange risks with respect 
 11 

to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination of the dollar-equivalent principal amount of such Indebtedness. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Copyrights means, with respect to any Person, all of such Person s right, title, and interest in and to the following (a) all copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright, copyright registrations, and copyright applications (b) all renewals of any of the foregoing (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due and or payable under any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages or payments for past or future infringements for any of the foregoing (d) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements of any of the foregoing and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing throughout the world. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Benchmark Replacement any Available Tenor means , as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or any interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the applicable Interest Period with respect to the LIBO Rate such Available Tenor . 
 Counterpart Agreement means a Counterpart Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G delivered by a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.10 . 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.19 . 
 Credit Extension has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2 . 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 Declining Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(a) . 
 12 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.21(c) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans or (iii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three Business Days of the date when due, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to such funding or payment (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower, any Issuing Bank, Swing Line Lender or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action or (iii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.21(c) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank, the Swing Line Lender and each Lender. 
 Direct Borrower Obligations means any Obligations of the Borrower in its capacity as the Borrower under this Agreement. 
 Disbursement Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(d) . 
 Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.6 to the Disclosure Letter. 
 Disclosure Letter means the disclosure letter, dated as of the Effective Date, delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 Disqualified Equity Interest means any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (i) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional 
 13 

redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests which are not otherwise Disqualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Equity Interests which are not otherwise Disqualified Equity Interests and the payment in cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares of such Equity Interests), in whole or in part, or (iii) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is 181 days after the Maturity Date then in effect provided that (a) Equity Interests will not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because of provisions giving holders thereof the right to require repurchase or redemption upon an asset sale or change of control occurring prior to the date that is 181 days after the latest Maturity Date then in effect if the payment upon such redemption or repurchase is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations and (b) an Equity Interest in any Person that is issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees or by any such plan to such employees shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest solely because it may be required to be repurchased by such Person or any of its subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, death or disability. 
 Disqualified Institutions has the meaning set forth in the definition of Disqualified Lender . 
 Disqualified Lender means, collectively, (a) any Person that is a competitor or potential competitor of Parent and its Subsidiaries or any investor in any such competitor or potential competitor, in each case as determined in good faith by the Borrower and to the extent identified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including after the Effective Date which may be delivered in a form of a list provided to the Administrative Agent) by name in writing from time to time Competitors ), (b) those banks, financial institutions and other Persons separately identified by name by Borrower to the Administrative Agent in writing on or before the Effective Date, (c) any Person (other than (x) any Affiliates of Lenders as of the Effective Date or (y) any Affiliate of a Lender approved by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (such approval, in each case, not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned)) with a long term unsecured credit rating of less than BBB- by S&P or Fitch Ratings Ltd. (or any successor thereto) or less than Baa3 by Moody s, (d) any Person (including an Affiliate or Approved Fund of a Lender) whose primary activity is the trading or acquisition of distressed debt provided that, for purposes of Section 10.12 , senior employees of Lenders or their Affiliates who are required, in accordance with industry regulations or the Lenders internal policies and procedures to act in a supervisory capacity and the Lenders internal legal, compliance, risk management, credit or investment committee members shall not constitute Disqualified Lenders as a result of this clause (d) (those banks, financial institutions and other Persons under clauses (b) through (d) are collectively referred to as the Disqualified Institutions and (e) any Subsidiary of a Competitor or a Disqualified Institution, other than bona fide debt funds that would not be a Competitor or a Disqualified Institution but for this clause (e), that are (x) identified in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including after the Effective Date which may be delivered in a form of a list provided to the Administrative Agent) by name in writing from time to time or (y) clearly identifiable as affiliates solely on the basis of the similarity of its name provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to carry out due diligence in order to identify such affiliates) provided that the foregoing clauses (c) and (d) shall be inapplicable during any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The identification of any Competitor or Disqualified Institution after the Effective Date shall become effective three Business Days after delivery to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including by delivering a list provided to the Administrative Agent), and shall not apply retroactively to disqualify the assignment, participation or other transfer of an interest in Commitments or Loans that was effective prior to the effective date of such supplement (but such Person shall not be able to increase its Commitments or participations hereunder) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such Person shall thereafter be considered a Disqualified Lender. The Disqualified Lenders shall be identified to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent (which may be in the form of notice posted to the Platform). 
 dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Restricted Subsidiary means any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 14 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Parent that is incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or in the District of Columbia (other than a Subsidiary of Parent that is a CFC Holdco). 
 DQ List has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(e) . 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of 
 (1) (i) a determination by the Administrative Agent (with notification to the Borrower) or (ii) a notification by the Required Lenders to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) that the Required Lenders have determined that U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 2.13 are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the LIBO Rate, and 
 (2) (i) the election by the Administrative Agent or (ii) the election by the Required Lenders to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrower and the Lenders or by the Required Lenders of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means November 19, 2019. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment, disposal, management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of investigation, reclamation or remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) compliance or noncompliance with any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the presence, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 15 

Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest provided that Equity Interests shall not include (a) any debt securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for any combination of Equity Interests and or cash and (b) Permitted Call Spread Transactions. 
 ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any person that for purposes of Title I or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code would be deemed at any relevant time to be a single employer or otherwise aggregated with a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of Parent under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. 
 ERISA Event means any one or more of the following (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to a Plan (b) the termination of any Plan under Section 4041 of ERISA (c) the institution of proceedings by the PBGC under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan (d) the failure to make a required contribution to any Plan that would result in the imposition of a lien or other encumbrance or the provision of security under Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 or 4068 of ERISA, or the arising of such a lien or encumbrance (e) any Loan Party, or any ERISA Affiliate requests a minimum funding waiver or fails to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA (whether or not waived) (f) a determination that any Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, considered an at-risk plan within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA (g) engaging in a non-exempt prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA with respect to a Plan (h) the complete or partial withdrawal of any Loan Party, Subsidiary of Parent or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or (i) a determination that any Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status under Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA or is, or is expected to be, insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Eurodollar , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 
 Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Article VIII . 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by law, regulation or any contractual obligation existing from guaranteeing the Obligations or that would require a governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization in order to provide such guaranty unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received or would, contemporaneous with the Effective Date, be received provided that (i) with respect to any Subsidiary existing on the Effective Date, any such contractual obligation containing such a prohibition was in existence on the Effective Date and (ii) with respect to any Subsidiaries acquired or created after the Effective Date, such prohibition is not the result of a contractual obligation that arose solely in contemplation of such Subsidiary satisfying this definition) (b) any Unrestricted Subsidiary (c) any Immaterial Subsidiary (d) any Foreign Subsidiary and (e) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income or gross profit, franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case (i) imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable 
 16 

lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.18(b) ), any United States withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.16(a) , (c) or (d) , (c) withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, and (d) any Taxes attributable to such recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.16(e) . 
 Existing Borrowings has the meaning set forth in Section 1.8(c) . 
 Existing Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(a) . 
 Extension Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(a) . 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code or any published intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate provided that if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, treasurer, chief accounting officer, head of finance, vice president of finance or corporate controller of the Borrower or Parent, as the case may be. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be 0.00 . 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary of Parent that is not a Domestic Subsidiary, (b) any Subsidiary of Parent that is a Subsidiary of a CFC or a Subsidiary of a CFC Holdco and (c) any Subsidiary of Parent whose provision of a Guarantee would result in an investment in United States property (within the meaning of Section 956 of the Code) or would otherwise result in a material adverse tax consequence to Parent or any of its Affiliates, as reasonably determined by Borrower. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Acts means any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or Governmental Authority. 
 17 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 GSLP means Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, or customary indemnification obligations entered into in connection with any Acquisition or disposition of assets or of other entities (other than to the extent that the primary obligations that are the subject of such indemnification obligation would be considered Indebtedness hereunder). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined in good faith by a Financial Officer. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guaranteed Obligation has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 . 
 Guarantor means each Person that shall have become a party hereto as a Guarantor and shall have provided a Guaranty of the Obligations by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a signature page hereto or a Counterpart Agreement provided that (x) for purposes of Article VII , the term Guarantors shall also include the Borrower (except with respect to the Direct Borrower Obligations), (y) on and after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, the term Guarantor shall also include Holdings and (z) a Foreign Subsidiary shall at no time be a Guarantor. 
 Guaranty means the guaranty of each Guarantor set forth in Article VII . 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Holdco Transaction means a transaction (or series of transactions) which will, among other things, cause 100 of the Equity Interests in the Borrower and its existing Subsidiaries to be held by a newly-formed entity organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States Holdings provided that (a) the owners of 100 of the Equity Interests in Holdings immediately after giving effect to such transaction (and the amount of such Equity Interests owned by each such person) are identical to the owners of 100 of the Equity Interests in the Borrower immediately prior to giving effect to such transaction (and the amount of such Equity Interests owned by each such person) provided that, such Equity Interests of such owners may be held in different classes or series of Equity Interests of Holdings (with different voting and other governance rights and different liquidation preferences, dividend rights and other economic rights), and (b) Holdings shall have entered executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Counterpart Agreement and shall have provided such other documentation as would be required in connection with a joinder of a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.10 . 
 18 

Holdings has the meaning set forth in the defined term Holdco Transaction. 
 IFRS means international financial reporting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606 2002. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means, at any time of determination, each Restricted Subsidiary of Parent (other than the Borrower) (a) whose Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) or Section 3.4(a) were less than 5 of the Consolidated Total Assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date and (b) whose consolidated gross revenues for the most recent period of four fiscal quarters in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) or Section 3.4(a) were less than 5 of the consolidated gross revenues of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP provided that if, as of the most recent date or period referred to in clause (a) or (b) above, the combined Consolidated Total Assets or the combined consolidated gross revenues of all Restricted Subsidiaries that would constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries in accordance with clause (a) and (b) above shall have exceeded 20 of the Consolidated Total Assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date or 20 of consolidated gross revenues of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, then one or more of such Restricted Subsidiaries that would otherwise be an Immaterial Subsidiary shall for all purposes of this Agreement automatically be deemed to not be an Immaterial Subsidiary in descending order based on the amounts of their Consolidated Total Assets or consolidated gross revenues, as the case may be, until such excess shall have been eliminated. 
 Impacted Interest Period has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of LIBO Rate . 
 Increase Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Increase Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(d) . 
 Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Indebtedness of any Person at any date means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) purchase price adjustments, earnouts, holdbacks and other similar deferred consideration payable in connection with Acquisitions and (iii) deferred or equity compensation arrangements payable to directors, officers, employees, advisors, consultants or other providers of services), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an account party or applicant under or in respect of bankers acceptances, letters of credit, surety bonds or similar arrangements, (g) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above, and (h) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall exclude intercompany liabilities arising from their cash management, tax, and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness. Indebtedness shall not include the obligations or liabilities of any Person to pay rent or other 
 19 

amounts with respect to any lease of office space (or other arrangement conveying the right to use office space) or other operating lease, which obligations (x) would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on February 25, 2016 of the ASU (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated as capitalized lease obligations in the financial statements to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents, or (y) would be required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease at any time due to build-to-suit accounting rules, failed sale and leaseback accounting rules, other lease classification rules or other similar rules so long as such obligations are not entered into for a financing purpose, are unsecured (other than the provision of any letters of credit required to support such obligations), and do not otherwise constitute Indebtedness pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) above. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(c) . 
 Information Documents means at any time any memorandum, lender s presentation or other written information, in each case as then supplemented or amended and including any documents attached thereto or incorporated by reference therein, prepared by the Arrangers with the assistance of Parent and given to any Lender in connection with the Transactions. 
 Intellectual Property means all Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and any other intellectual property. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.7 . 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swing Line Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date , (b) with respect to any Eurodollar RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of the such month) and (2) the Maturity Date, c with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period , and the Maturity Date and c d with respect to any Swing Line Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date . 
 Interest Period means , with respect to any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one week or one, two , three or six months (or, with the consent of each Lender, twelve months) thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment) , as the Borrower may elect provided , that a i if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and , b ii any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.13(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request . For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and , in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 20 

Interpolated Rate means, at any time for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be prima facie evidence, absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the Screen Rate for the longest period for which the Screen Rate is available that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period and (b) the applicable Screen Rate for the shortest period for which that Screen Rate is available that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time. 
 
 Investment means any loan, advance (other than advances to employees or other providers of services for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business), extension of credit (by way of Guarantee or otherwise) or capital contributions by Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person (other than any Loan Party) provided that Investment shall not include any Acquisitions. 
 IPO means the sale on a bona fide nationally recognized securities exchange of common stock of Parent or the listing for trading of common stock of Parent on a bona fide nationally recognized securities exchange. 
 IPO Effective Date means the date on which an IPO has occurred and the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer advising the Lenders of the consummation of such IPO. 
 IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP 98 means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank and in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit). 
 Issuance Notice means an Issuance Notice substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2. 
 Issuing Bank means (a) each of JPMCB, GSLP, Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Royal Bank of Canada and UBS AG, Stamford Branch, and (b) each Lender that shall have become an Issuing Bank hereunder as provided in Section 2.4(i) (other than any Person that shall have ceased to be an Issuing Bank as provided in Section 2.4(h) ), each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and together with its permitted successors and assigns in such capacity. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Section 2.4 with respect to such Letters of Credit). 
 Issuing Bank Sublimit means, at any time, (a) with respect to JPMCB in its capacity as Issuing Bank, 47,500,000, (b) with respect to GSLP in its capacity as Issuing Bank, 47,500,000, (c) with respect to Barclays Bank PLC in its capacity as Issuing Bank, 30,000,000, (d) with respect to Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch in its capacity as Issuing Bank, 25,000,000, (e) with respect to Royal Bank of Canada in its capacity as Issuing Bank, 25,000,000, (f) with respect to UBS AG, Stamford Branch in its capacity as Issuing Bank, 25,000,000 and (g) with respect to any Lender that shall have become an Issuing Bank hereunder as provided in Section 2.4(i) , such amount as set forth in the agreement referred to in Section 2.4(i) evidencing the appointment of such Lender (or its designated Affiliate) as an Issuing Bank. 
 Joint Venture means a joint venture, partnership or other similar arrangement, whether in corporate, partnership or other legal form provided that, in no event shall any corporate subsidiary of any Person be considered to be a Joint Venture to which such Person is a party. 
 21 

JPMCB means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.03(b) . 
 Lenders means the Original Lenders and or the 2020 Incremental Lenders, as context requires. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swing Line Lender. 
 Letter of Credit means a standby letter of credit issued or to be issued by an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Agreement in a form and substance approved by such Issuing Bank. 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means the lesser of (a) 200,000,000 and (b) the aggregate unused amount of the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount then in effect. 
 Letter of Credit Usage means, as at any date of determination, the sum of (a) the sum of the aggregate maximum amounts which are, or at any time thereafter may become, available for drawing under all Letters of Credit then outstanding and (b) the sum of the aggregate amounts of all drawings under Letters of Credit honored by the Issuing Banks and not theretofore reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower. The Letter of Credit Usage of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Letter of Credit Usage at such time, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.21 of the Letter of Credit Usage of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time. 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
 LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, the applicable Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that if the Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted Interest Period ), then the LIBO Rate shall be the Interpolated Rate. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Limited Condition Transaction means any repayment of Indebtedness or any Acquisition or any Investment by one or more of Holdings, the Borrower and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries, the consummation of which is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 
 Limited Information means (a) information regarding the terms of, and the Borrower s compliance with, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) information concerning the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of Parent and its Subsidiaries, including the Information Documents and the financial statements provided by Parent pursuant to Sections 3.4(a) , 5.1(a) and (b) and any information concerning contingent liabilities, commitments and other exposures that would be material to determinations concerning the creditworthiness of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (c) any notice, certificate or other document delivered by Parent or the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (d) information regarding the aggregate amount of Liquidity or the corporate debt rating (if any) of Parent and (e) information regarding the credit support for the credit facility established hereunder, including the Guarantors (it being understood that the term Limited Information does not include product designs, software and technology, inventions, trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information of a like nature). 
 Liquidity means, at any time, the sum of (a) Unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents held by Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries plus (b) Marketable Securities, plus (c) so long as the conditions to borrowing 
 22 

set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of Section 4.2 are satisfied at such time, the Available Revolving Commitments. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement (including any amendment hereto or waiver hereunder), the Notes (if any), any Counterpart Agreement and any agreements, documents or certificates executed by the Borrower in favor of any Issuing Bank relating to Letters of Credit and any other agreement entered into in connection herewith by the Borrower or any Loan Party with or in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and designated by the terms thereof as a Loan Document . 
 Loan Parties means the Borrower and the other Guarantors (including, on and after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings). 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (including any loan made pursuant to a Commitment Increase). 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time. 
 Marketable Securities means, without duplication of any of the items described in the definition of Cash Equivalents, investments permitted pursuant to the Borrower s (or, on and after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings investment policy as approved by the Board of Directors (or committee thereof) of the Borrower or Holdings, as applicable, from time to time. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, property, financial condition or results of operations of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender under the Loan Documents. 
 Material Domestic Subsidiary means, at any time of determination, each Domestic Restricted Subsidiary of Parent that is not an Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than any Indebtedness under the Loan Documents) or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries in a principal amount exceeding 50,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Maturity Date means (a) August 7, 2025 or (b) with respect to the Commitments of Consenting Lenders, as such date may be extended pursuant to Section 2.20 , provided that if such date is not a Business Day, the date shall be the next Business Day . 
 Maturity Date Extension Request means a request by the Borrower, in the form of Exhibit F hereto or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent, for the extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.20 . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, which is contributed to by (or to which there is or could be an obligation to contribute of) a Loan Party or an ERISA Affiliate, and each such plan for the five- year period immediately following the latest date on which a Loan Party or an ERISA Affiliate contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to such plan. 
 23 

Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.2 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-U.S. Plan means any plan, fund (including any superannuation fund) or other similar program established, contributed to (regardless of whether through direct contributions or through employee withholding) or maintained outside the United States by Parent or one or more Subsidiaries of Parent, primarily for the benefit of employees of Parent or such Subsidiaries or any Loan Party residing outside the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in, retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code. 
 Note means a Revolving Loan Note or a Swing Line Note. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate shall mean the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided , further , that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all amounts owing by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including reimbursement of amounts drawn under Letters of Credit and all interest which accrues after the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, whether or not allowed or allowable). 
 Obligee Guarantor has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6 . 
 OFAC means the United States Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Original Commitment means, with respect to each Original Lender, the commitment of such Original Lender to make Revolving Loans hereunder and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Original Lender s Loans hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.8 , (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.19 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, Section 2.20 or Section 10.4 . The initial amount of each Original Lender s Original Commitment as of the Restatement Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.1(a) . The initial aggregate amount of the Original Lenders Original Commitments as of the Restatement Effective Date is 300,000,000. 
 Original Commitment Aggregate Available Amount means, at any time of determination, the sum of the Original Commitment Available Amount of all Original Lenders. 
 Original Commitment Available Amount means, at any time of determination with respect to an Original Lender, the aggregate amount of the Original Commitments of such Original Lender in effect at such time. 
 24 

Original Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.1(a) and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to the Amendment and Restatement Agreement or an Assignment and Assumption or pursuant to Section 2.19 , other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto as an Original Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in this Agreement or any other Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary Taxes or any other excise, property, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes which arise from any payment made, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents excluding, however, such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than such Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment that occurs as a result of the Borrower s request pursuant to Section 2.18(b) ). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings eurodollar transactions by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Parent means, prior to the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, the Borrower, and as of and following the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings. 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4 . 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.4(c)(iii) . 
 Patents means, with respect to any Person, all of such Person s right, title, and interest in and to (a) any and all patents and patent applications (b) all inventions and improvements described and claimed therein (c) all reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions, and continuations-in-part thereof (d) all licenses of the foregoing whether as licensee or licensor (e) all income, royalties, damages, claims, and payments now or hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past and future infringements thereof (f) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof and (g) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing throughout the world. 
 Payment has the meaning set forth in Article IX. 
 Payment Notice has the meaning set forth in Article IX. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and is maintained or contributed to (or obligated to be contributed) in whole or in part by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which any of Parent, any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate has actual or contingent liability or had any such liability for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which a Loan Party or an ERISA Affiliate maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to such plan. 
 25 

Permitted Call Spread Transaction means (a) any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Common Stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the Common Stock) purchased by Parent in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and settled in Common Stock (or such other securities or property), cash or a combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of the Common Stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock, or (b) any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Common Stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the Common Stock) sold by Parent substantially concurrently with any purchase by Parent of a Permitted Call Spread Transaction described in clause (a) and settled in Common Stock (or such other securities or property), cash or a combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of the Common Stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock provided that the terms, conditions and covenants of each such transaction described in clause (a) or clause (b) shall be such as are customary for transactions of such type (as determined by the board of directors of Parent, or a committee thereof, in good faith). 
 Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means unsecured Indebtedness of Parent that is convertible into shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the Common Stock), cash or a combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of the Common Stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock provided that (x) the final maturity date of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness is not prior to the date ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date and (y) the terms, conditions and covenants of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall be such as are customary for transactions of such type (as determined by the board of directors of Parent, or a committee thereof, in good faith). 
 Permitted Encumbrances means 
 (a) Liens imposed by law for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.4 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, landlord s, supplier s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.4 
 (c) Liens incurred or pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business (i) in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations or employment laws or to secure other public, statutory or regulatory obligations or (ii) securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instrument for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or otherwise supporting the payment of items set forth in the foregoing clause (i) 
 (d) Liens incurred or pledges and deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade and commercial contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature and obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments that have been posted to support the same, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice 
 (e) Liens securing, or otherwise arising from, judgments and deposits to secure obligations under appeal bonds or letters of credit in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VIII 
 (f) Uniform Commercial Code financing statements filed (or similar filings under applicable law) solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases 
 26 

(g) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, encroachments and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the conduct of business of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent 
 (h) rights of recapture of unused real property in favor of the seller of such property set forth in customary purchase or lease agreements and related arrangements 
 (i) to the extent constituting a Lien, Permitted IP Transfers 
 (j) rights of setoff, banker s lien, netting agreements and other Liens arising by operation of law or by of the terms of documents of banks or other financial institutions in relation to the maintenance of administration of deposit accounts, securities accounts, cash management arrangements or in connection with the issuance of letters of credit, bank guarantees or other similar instruments 
 (k) Liens arising from the right of distress enjoyed by landlords or Liens otherwise granted to landlords, in either case, to secure the payment of arrears of rent or performance of other obligations in respect of leased properties, so long as such Liens are not exercised or except where the exercise of such Liens would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (l) Liens or security given to public utilities or to any municipality or Governmental Authority when required by the utility, municipality or Governmental Authority in connection with the supply of services or utilities to the Borrower and any other Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (m) servicing agreements, development agreements, site plan agreements, subdivision agreements, facilities sharing agreements, cost sharing agreements and other agreements pertaining to the use or development of any of the assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case that do not secure any obligations for money borrowed and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the conduct of business of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent and 
 (n) Liens on any assets securing any obligation in favor of a Governmental Authority, including any such Lien securing amounts owing for wages, vacation pay, severance pay, employee deductions, sales tax, excise tax, other Taxes, workers compensation, governmental royalties or pension fund obligations. 
 Permitted Holders means (a) any Person listed on Schedule 1.1 to the Disclosure Letter, (b) any trust or partnership created solely for the benefit of any natural person listed on Schedule 1.1 to the Disclosure Letter and or members of the family of any natural person listed on Schedule 1.1 to the Disclosure Letter and (c) any Person which is an Affiliate of any of the foregoing. 
 Permitted IP Transfer means (i) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property, (ii) sales, dispositions, transfers or exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property that would not have a material adverse effect on the assets or business of Parent and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (it being understood that the foregoing shall specifically permit exclusive licenses (A) with respect to specific geographic areas outside of the United States, (B) for specific fields of use outside the existing platform of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (C) for specific business fields not interfering in any material respect with the existing business of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (D) of intellectual property conceived, developed or reduced to practice in connection with a specific commercial relationship), (iii) sales, dispositions, transfers or exclusive licenses made pursuant to Parent or a Guarantor s existing buy-in license agreements, research and development cost sharing agreements and related agreements, as amended or restated from time to time, or comparable agreements with any Excluded Subsidiary (or other transactions where assets or rights of any Excluded Subsidiary are transferred to Parent, any Guarantor or another Excluded Subsidiary and then subsequently transferred to another Excluded Subsidiary) provided that such amended, restated or comparable agreement would not have a material adverse effect on the assets of Parent and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (iv) sales, dispositions, transfers or exclusive licenses that 
 27 

are treated as a disposition of assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes by any entity that is not a Loan Party or (v) storing, holding, transferring, processing, operating or managing data or information outside the U.S., including for regulatory, tax or operational purposes. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, Joint Venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan). 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq. , as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Platform has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1 . 
 Portfolio Interest Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(e)(iii)(C) . 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Pro Forma Basis means, with respect to the calculation of Consolidated Total Assets, Liquidity or Senior Net Leverage Ratio as of any date, that such calculation shall give pro forma effect to all Acquisitions, all issuances, incurrences or assumptions of Indebtedness, all Investments and all sales, transfers or other dispositions of any Equity Interests in a Subsidiary or all or substantially all the assets of a Subsidiary or division or line of business of a Subsidiary outside the ordinary course of business (and any related prepayments or repayments of Indebtedness) that have occurred during the applicable fiscal period of Parent (or subsequent to such fiscal period of Parent and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which such calculation is being calculated) as if they occurred on the first day of such applicable period of Parent. 
 Pro Rata Share means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the Revolving Exposure of that Lender by (b) the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all Lenders. 
 
 Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.19 . 
 Qualified Equity Interests means Equity Interests other than Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender and any Issuing Bank, or any combination thereof (as the context requires). 
 28 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting or (3) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4 . 
 Reimbursement Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(d) . 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.21 , (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Article VIII or all Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Revolving Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Utilization of Commitments and Unfunded Commitments at such time, provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VIII , the Unfunded Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VIII or all Commitments expire or terminate, Lenders having Revolving Exposures representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Utilization of Commitments at such time provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, the Revolving Exposure of any Lender that is a Swing Line Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swing Line Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swing Line Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.21 of the Swing Line Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Exposure excluding such excess amount. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means any of the President, Chief Executive Officer, Vice President or Financial Officer of the applicable Loan Party, or any person designated by any such Loan Party in writing to the Administrative Agent from time to time, acting singly. 
 Restatement Effective Date has the meaning specified in the Amendment and Restatement Agreement. 
 Restricted means, when referring to cash or Cash Equivalents of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, that such cash or Cash Equivalents (a) appear (or would be required to appear) as restricted on the consolidated balance sheet of Parent, (b) are subject to any Lien in favor of any Person (other than a Lien permitted under Section 6.2(k)) or (c) are not otherwise generally available for use by Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent so long as such Restricted Subsidiary of Parent is not prohibited by applicable law, contractual obligation or otherwise from transferring such cash or Cash Equivalents to Parent. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund, similar deposit or withholding of shares for tax 
 29 

purposes, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in Parent or any such Subsidiary. The conversion of, or payment for (including, without limitation, payments of principal and payments upon redemption or repurchase), or paying any interest with respect to, any debt securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for any combination of Equity Interests and or cash shall not constitute a Restricted Payment. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Revolving Borrowing means Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans of that Lender, (b) the Letter of Credit Usage of that Lender and (c) the Swing Line Exposure of that Lender. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made by a Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1 and or Section 2.19 . 
 Revolving Loan Note means a promissory note in the form of Exhibit D-1, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor to its rating agency business. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea the so - called Donetsk People s Republic, the so- called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia Regions of Ukraine , Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned 50 or more or otherwise controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 
 Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the London interbank offered rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, on or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Screen Rate, determined as provided above in this definition, would be less than zero, the Screen Rate shall for all purposes of this Agreement be zero. 
 30 

Senior Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Indebtedness outstanding on such date (excluding any such Indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to a written agreement reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) minus the aggregate amount of Unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, to (b) Consolidated Credit EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or immediately prior to such date. 
 SOFR with respect to any day means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate published for such day as administered by the NYFRB, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator ), on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website SOFR Administrator . 
 
 SOFR Based Rate means SOFR, Compounded SOFR or Term SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 Solvency Certificate means a Solvency Certificate of a Financial Officer of Parent substantially in the form of Exhibit H. 
 Solvent means, with respect to Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the present assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including, without limitation, contingent liabilities, of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on their debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not intend to, and do not believe that they will, incur debts or liabilities (including current obligations and contingent liabilities) beyond their ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature in the ordinary course of business and (d) Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are not engaged in business or a transaction, and are not about to engage in business or a transaction, in relation to which their property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5). 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D. Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower provided 
 31 

that, on and after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, all references to a Subsidiary of or to the Subsidiaries of Parent herein or in any other Loan Document shall include the Borrower. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity (including by value) or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the partnership interests are, as of such date, owned (directly or indirectly), controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent and which is required by GAAP to be consolidated in the consolidated financial statements of the parent. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.19 . 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or other providers of services of Parent or the Subsidiaries of Parent shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 Swing Line Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans outstanding at such time. The Swing Line Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is a Swing Line Lender, Swing Line Loans made by it that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swing Line Loans) adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.21 of the Swing Line Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Lender that is a Swing Line Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans made by such Lender outstanding at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swing Line Loans. 
 Swing Line Lender means JPMCB, in its capacity as Swing Line Lender hereunder, together with its permitted successors and assigns in such capacity. 
 Swing Line Loan means a Loan made by Swing Line Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.3 . 
 Swing Line Note means a promissory note in the form of Exhibit D-2, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Swing Line Sublimit means the lesser of (a) 15,000,000, and (b) the aggregate unused amount of the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount then in effect. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings (including backup withholding) imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term SOFR means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or 
 32 

Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Total Utilization of Commitments means, as at any date of determination, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans, (b) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Swing Line Loans, and (c) the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage. 
 Trade Date has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(e) . 
 Trademarks means, with respect to any Person, all of such Person s right, title, and interest in and to the following (a) all trademarks (including service marks), trade names, trade dress, and trade styles and the registrations and applications for registration thereof and the goodwill of the business symbolized by the foregoing (b) all licenses of the foregoing, whether as licensee or licensor (c) all renewals of the foregoing (d) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages, claims, and payments for past and future infringements thereof (e) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements of the foregoing, including the right to settle suits involving claims and demands for royalties owing and (f) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing throughout the world. 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of each Loan Document to which it is a party, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof, and the issuance of Letters of Credit and the use thereof. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate provided that with respect to Swing Line Loans, such rate shall be determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate only. 
 U.S. Government Obligations means obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or by any agent or instrumentality thereof provided that the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged in support thereof. 
 33 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.19 . 
 UCC or Uniform Commercial Code has the meaning of UCC as defined in the Security Agreement. 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 Unfunded Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the aggregate Commitments of such Lender less its Revolving Exposure. 
 Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 Unrestricted means, when referring to cash or Cash Equivalents, that such cash or Cash Equivalents are not Restricted. 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that at the time of determination has previously been designated, and continues to be, an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.12 . 
 USA Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended from time to time. 
 wholly owned , when used in reference to a subsidiary of any Person, means that all the Equity Interests in such subsidiary (other than directors qualifying shares and other nominal amounts of Equity Interests that are required to be held by other Persons under applicable law) are owned, beneficially and of record, by such Person, another wholly owned subsidiary of such Person or any combination thereof. 
 Withholding Agent means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described 
 34 

in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Section 1.2 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan or an ABR Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing or an ABR Borrowing ). 
 Section 1.3 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (f) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. Each reference herein to the date of this Agreement or the date hereof shall be deemed to refer to the Effective Date. 
 Section 1.4 Accounting Terms GAAP Certain Calculations . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision has been amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all financial statements delivered hereunder shall be prepared, and all financial covenants contained herein shall be calculated without giving effect to (i) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Loan Document to the contrary, when (a) calculating any applicable Basket, in connection with the consummation of any Limited Condition Transaction (including the incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness (other than any Commitment Increase 
 35 

incurred pursuant to clause (x) of the introductory paragraph of Section 2.19 in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction) or (b) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires that no Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) has occurred, is continuing or would result therefrom in connection with the consummation of any Limited Condition Transaction (including the incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness (other than any Commitment Increase incurred pursuant to clause (x) of the introductory paragraph of Section 2.19 in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction), in each case under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), the date of determination of such Basket or determination of whether any Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) has occurred, is continuing or would result therefrom may, at the option of the Borrower (in its sole discretion) (the Borrower s election to exercise such option, an LCT Election ), be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (or, in the case of any redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, the date on which irrevocable notice with respect to such Limited Condition Transactions is sent) (such date, the LCT Test Date and, subject to the other provisions of this Section 1.4(b) , if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction, any incurrence, issuance and or repayment of Indebtedness or other transaction in connection therewith and any actions or transactions related thereto, Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as applicable, would have been permitted to take such actions or consummate such transactions on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such Basket, such Basket shall be deemed to have been complied with (or satisfied) for purposes of such Limited Condition Transaction. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has made an LCT Election, (1) if any Basket for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would at any time after the LCT Test Date have been exceeded or otherwise failed to have been complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such Basket prior to (or on) the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement or date for redemption, purchase or repayment specified in an irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated, expires or passes, as applicable, without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, including due to fluctuations in Consolidated Credit EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, such Basket will not be deemed to have been exceeded or failed to have been complied with as a result of such fluctuations, (2) other than as expressly set forth in the previous paragraph, if any related requirements and conditions (including as to the absence of any (or any type of) continuing Default or Event of Default and satisfaction of any representations and warranties) for which compliance or satisfaction was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would at any time after the LCT Test Date not have been complied with or satisfied (including due to the occurrence or continuation of any Default or Event of Default or failure to satisfy any representations and warranties), such requirements and conditions will not be deemed to have been failed to be complied with or satisfied (and such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed not to have occurred or be continuing and such representations and warranties shall be deemed to have been satisfied) and (3) in calculating the availability under any Basket in connection with any action or transaction following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement or date for redemption, purchase or repayment specified in an irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated, expires or passes, as applicable, without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such Basket shall be determined or tested after giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction, any incurrence, issuance or repayment of Indebtedness or other transaction in connection therewith and any actions or transactions related thereto. 
 Section 1.5 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of any Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time (or in the case of a Letter of Credit allowing for partial draws, the amount remaining to be drawn) provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that by its terms provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 36 

Section 1.6 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 Section 1.7 Interest Rates LIBOR Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on Eurodollar Loans is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate, which is derived from the London interbank offered rate. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the a Loan denominated in dollars may be derived from an interest rate on Eurodollar Loans. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform . Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Election , Section 2.13(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to Section 2.13(d), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurodollar Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission , performance or any other matter related to the London interbank offered any interest rate or other rates used in the definition of LIBO Rate this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.13(b), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.13(c)) , including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rate existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Section 1.8 Effectiveness of 2020 Incremental Commitments . If the IPO Effective Date occurs on or prior to the date that is 12 months after the Restatement Effective Date 
 (a) (a) the 2020 Incremental Lenders and the Original Lenders shall participate on a pro rata basis in each Borrowing and prepayment of Loans under this Agreement 
 (b) (b) on the IPO Effective Date, each Lender that is an Original Lender on such date will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each 2020 Incremental Lender, and each 2020 Incremental Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed, a portion of such Original Lender s participations under this Agreement in outstanding Swing Line Loans and 
 37 

Letters of Credit, such that, after giving effect to each deemed assignment and assumption of participations, all of the Lenders participations under this Agreement in Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit shall be held pro rata on the basis of their respective Applicable Percentages and 
 (c) (c) on the IPO Effective Date, (i) each 2020 Incremental Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to this Section and the application of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, the Loans to be held ratably by all Lenders as of the IPO Effective Date in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated after giving effect to this Section) and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans made to the Borrower (the Existing Borrowings immediately prior to the IPO Effective Date shall be deemed to be prepaid and reborrowed as of the IPO Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Borrower s Existing Borrowings and of the same Types and for the same Interest Periods as the Borrower s Existing Borrowings. 
 Article II THE CREDITS 
 Section 1.9 Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lender s Aggregate Available Commitment Amount or (b) the Total Utilization of Commitments exceeding the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. Each Lender s Commitment shall expire on the Commitment Termination Date and all Revolving Loans and all other amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Revolving Exposure shall be paid in full no later than such date. For the avoidance of doubt, at any time that the 2020 Incremental Commitment Aggregate Available Amount is greater than zero all Loans will be made by all Lenders (including all 2020 Incremental Lenders) in accordance with their Applicable Percentages and at any time that the 2020 Incremental Commitment Aggregate Available Amount is zero, no Loans shall be required to be funded in respect of any 2020 Incremental Commitments. 
 Section 1.10 Revolving Loans and Borrowings . 
 (d) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. The failure of any Lender to make any Revolving Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Revolving Loans as required. 
 (e) Subject to Section 2.13 , each Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (f) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 provided that an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments provided , further , that an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is required to finance the reimbursement of a Letter of Credit drawing as contemplated by Section 2.4(d) . Borrowings of 
 38 

more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowings outstanding. 
 (g) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 Section 1.11 Swing Line Loans . 
 (h) During the Availability Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender agrees to make Swing Line Loans to the Borrower in the aggregate amount up to but not exceeding the Swing Line Sublimit provided that after giving effect to the making of any Swing Line Loan, in no event shall (i) the Total Utilization of Commitments exceed the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount then in effect or (ii) unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Swing Line Lender, the aggregate amount of Swing Line Loans, Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit issued by the Swing Line Lender exceed the Swing Line Lender s Aggregate Available Commitment Amount hereunder provided that the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to make a Swing Line Loan to refinance an outstanding Swing Line Loan. Amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.3 may be repaid and reborrowed during the Availability Period. The Swing Line Lender s Commitment shall expire on the Commitment Termination Date and all Swing Line Loans and all other amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Swing Line Loans and the Commitments shall be paid in full no later than such date. Swing Line Loans shall be made in an aggregate minimum amount of 500,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 in excess of that amount provided that a Swing Line Loan may be in an aggregate amount that is required to finance the reimbursement of a Letter of Credit drawing as contemplated by Section 2.4(d). 
 (i) The Swing Line Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swing Line Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of the Swing Line Loans in which the Lenders will be required to participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swing Line Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swing Line Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swing Line Loan or Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that, in making any Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon the representation and warranty of the Borrower deemed made pursuant to Section 4.2 , unless, at least one Business Day prior to the time such Swing Line Loan was made, the Required Lenders or the Borrower shall have notified the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in writing that, as a result of one or more events or circumstances described in such notice, one or more of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.2(b) , (c) or (d) would not be satisfied if such Swing Line Loan were then made (it being understood and agreed that, in the event the Swing Line Lender shall have received any such notice, it shall have no obligation to make any Swing Line Loan until and unless it shall be satisfied that the events and circumstances described in such notice shall have been cured or otherwise shall have ceased to exist). Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or any reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.6 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.6 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Swing Line Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swing Line Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swing Line Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swing Line Lender. Any amounts received by the Swing Line Lender from the Borrower (or other Person on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swing Line Loan after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly 
 39 

remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swing Line Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swing Line Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swing Line Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to repay such Swing Line Loan. 
 (j) The Swing Line Lender may resign as Swing Line Lender upon 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. The Swing Line Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor Swing Line Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swing Line Lender. At the time any such replacement or resignation shall become effective, (i) the Borrower shall prepay any outstanding Swing Line Loans made by the resigning or removed Swing Line Lender, (ii) upon such prepayment, the resigning or removed Swing Line Lender shall surrender any Swing Line Note held by it to the Borrower for cancellation, and (iii) the Borrower shall issue, if so requested by the successor Swing Line Loan Lender, a new Swing Line Note to the successor Swing Line Lender, in the principal amount of the Swing Line Sublimit then in effect and with other appropriate insertions. From and after the effective date of any such replacement or resignation, (x) any successor Swing Line Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of a Swing Line Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swing Line Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swing Line Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swing Line Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swing Line Lenders, as the context shall require. 
 Section 1.12 Issuance of Letters of Credit and Purchase of Participations Therein . 
 (k) During the Availability Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Issuing Bank agrees to issue Letters of Credit (or amend, extend or increase any outstanding Letter of Credit) at the request and for the account of the Borrower (including for the purpose of supporting obligations of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) provided that (i) each Letter of Credit shall be denominated in dollars (ii) the stated amount of each Letter of Credit shall not be less than 250,000 or such lesser amount as is acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank (iii) after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension or increase, in no event shall the Total Utilization of Commitments exceed the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount then in effect (iv) after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension or increase, in no event shall the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, (v) after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension or increase, in no event shall the Letter of Credit Usage attributable to Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank exceed the Issuing Bank Sublimit of such Issuing Bank, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by such Issuing Bank, (vi) after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension or increase, in no event shall the aggregate amount of Revolving Loans (and Swing Line Loans, in the case of the Swing Line Lender) and Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank exceed such Issuing Bank s Aggregate Available Commitment Amount hereunder, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by such Issuing Bank, and (vii) in no event shall any Letter of Credit have an expiration date later than the earlier of (1) five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date and (2) the date which is one year from the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by such Issuing Bank. If the Borrower so requests in the Application for any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each such Letter of Credit, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit such Issuing Bank to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such Issuing Bank for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the Issuing Bank to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiration date not later than the date five days prior to the Maturity Date provided , however , that the applicable Issuing Bank shall not permit any such extension if (A) such Issuing Bank has determined that it would not be permitted at such time to issue 
 40 

such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (except that the expiration date may be extended by up to one year from the then-current form), (B) such Issuing Bank has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form under the terms hereof or (C) it has received notice from the Required Lenders or the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.4(e) that one or more of the conditions in Section 4.2(b) , (c) or (d) would not be satisfied if such Letter of Credit were so extended. If any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, an Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend, extend or increase any Letter of Credit unless such Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements satisfactory to it and the Borrower to eliminate such Issuing Bank s risk with respect to the participation in Letters of Credit of such Defaulting Lender, including by cash collateralizing such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Letter of Credit Usage at such time on terms satisfactory to such Issuing Bank. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance, amendment, extension or increase of any Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions set forth in clauses (iii), (iv) and (v) above have been met. 
 (l) Whenever the Borrower desires the issuance, amendment, extension or increase of a Letter of Credit, it shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank (i) in the case of a request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, an Issuance Notice and Application no later than 1 00 p.m. (New York City time) at least five Business Days in advance of the proposed date of issuance and (ii) in the case of a request for the amendment, extension or increase of a Letter of Credit, a notice and or letter of credit application, in such form as specified by the applicable Issuing Bank, identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended or increased and specifying the requested date of amendment, extension or increase (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (a) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit and such other information as shall be necessary to enable the applicable Issuing Bank to amend, extend or increase such Letter of Credit, no later than 1 00 p.m. (New York City time) at least five Business Days in advance of the proposed date of such amendment, extension or increase (or such shorter period as the applicable Issuing Bank may agree to in its sole discretion). Each notice or letter of credit application delivered pursuant to this Section 2.4(b) shall be accompanied by documentary and other evidence of the proposed beneficiary s identity as may reasonably be requested by the applicable Issuing Bank to enable such Issuing Bank to verify the beneficiary s identity or to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, including the USA Patriot Act. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 4.2 , the applicable Issuing Bank shall issue or amend, extend or increase the requested Letter of Credit only in accordance with such Issuing Bank s standard operating procedures as in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, (i) no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend, extend or increase any Letter of Credit if (y) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or require that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it or (z) such Letter of Credit would violate such Issuing Bank s standard policies and procedures regarding the issuance of letters of credit as in effect from time to time (to the extent not in conflict with the requirements of this Section 2.4 or as otherwise accepted by the Borrower) and (ii) GSLP, Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch shall not be obligated to issue any commercial or trade letters of credit. Notwithstanding anything contained in any Application furnished to any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of any Letter of Credit or any notice or letter of credit application furnished to any Issuing Bank in connection with the amendment, extension or increase of any Letter of Credit, in the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of such Application or notice or letter of credit application, on the one hand, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the other hand, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Upon the issuance of any Letter of Credit or amendment, extension or increase thereof, the applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount thereof, which notice from the Administrative Agent shall be accompanied by a copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment, extension or increase thereof and the amount of such Lender s respective participation in such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.4(e) . 
 41 

(m) In determining whether to honor any drawing under any Letter of Credit by the beneficiary(ies) thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents, if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. As between the Borrower and an Issuing Bank, the Borrower assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, by the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit provided that such assumption of risk by the Borrower shall not affect any rights that the Borrower may have against any such beneficiary. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, an Issuing Bank shall not be responsible or have any liability for (i) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for and issuance of any such Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any such Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason (iii) failure of the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit to comply fully with any conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit (iv) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms (vi) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof (vii) the misapplication by any beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit (viii) any other action or inaction taken or suffered by such Issuing Bank under or in connection with any such Letter of Credit, if required under, or expressly authorized under the circumstances by, any applicable domestic or foreign law or letter of credit practice or (ix) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of such Issuing Bank, including any Governmental Acts none of the above shall affect or impair, or prevent the vesting of, any of such Issuing Bank s rights or powers hereunder or place such Issuing Bank under any liability to the Borrower. Without limiting the foregoing and in furtherance thereof, any action taken or omitted by any Issuing Bank under or in connection with any Letter of Credit issued by it or any documents and certificates delivered thereunder, if taken or omitted in good faith (as such term is defined in Article 5 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code), shall not give rise to any liability on the part of such Issuing Bank to the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.4(c) , the applicable Issuing Bank shall not be excused from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Issuing Bank (as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. 
 (n) In the event any Issuing Bank has honored a drawing under a Letter of Credit on any date (a Disbursement Date ), it shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of the amount of such drawing and of the applicable Disbursement Date. The Borrower shall reimburse such Issuing Bank by paying to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank on or before the Business Day immediately following the date on which such drawing is honored (the Reimbursement Date an amount in same day funds equal to the dollar amount of such honored drawing, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest as provided in Section 2.12 provided that, if the dollar amount of such honored drawing is 500,000 or more, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.3 or 2.5 that such payment be financed with a Swing Line Loan or an ABR Borrowing and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Swing Line Loan or ABR Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to reimburse any honored drawing under any Letter of Credit on or before the Reimbursement Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of such failure, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect of such honored drawing, and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent, in dollars, its Applicable 
 42 

Percentage of the amount then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.6 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.6 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for an honored drawing under a Letter of Credit (other than the funding of a Swing Line Loan or an ABR Borrowing as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such drawing. If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.4(d) by the time specified herein, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (o) Immediately upon the issuance, extension or increase of each Letter of Credit, without any further action by any Person, the applicable Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have sold to each Lender and each Lender shall have been deemed to have purchased from such Issuing Bank a participation in such Letter of Credit and any drawings honored thereunder in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the maximum amount which is or at any time may become available to be drawn thereunder. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby irrevocably, absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each drawing honored by such Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit and not reimbursed by the Borrower on or prior to the applicable Reimbursement Date, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower or otherwise returned for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to fund participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is irrevocable, absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, extension or increase of any Letter of Credit, the occurrence and continuance of a Default, any reduction or termination of the Commitments or any force majeure or other event that under any rule of law or uniform practices to which any Letter of Credit is subject (including Rules 3.13 and 3.14 of ISP 98 or similar terms in the Letter of Credit itself) permits a drawing to be made under such Letter of Credit after the expiration thereof or after the expiration or termination of the Commitments or any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including those set forth in the following paragraph (f), and that each such payment shall be made without any defense, offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever and in dollars provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any participation held by a Lender shall not survive the Maturity Date unless otherwise agreed to in writing by such Lender. Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that, in issuing, amending, extending or increasing any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon the representations and warranties of the Borrower deemed made pursuant to Sections 2.4 and 4.2 , unless, at least one Business Day prior to the time such Letter of Credit is issued, amended, extended or increased (or, in the case of an automatic extension permitted pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, at least one Business Day prior to the time by which the election not to extend must be made by the applicable Issuing Bank), the Required Lenders or the Borrower shall have notified the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in writing that, as a result of one or more events or circumstances described in such notice, one or more of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.4(a)(iii) , 2.4(a)(iv) , 2.4(a)(v) , 4.2(b) , 4.2(c) , or 4.2(d) would not be satisfied if such Letter of Credit were then issued, amended, extended or increased (it being understood and agreed that, in the event any Issuing Bank shall have received any such notice, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, amend, extend or increase any Letter of Credit until and unless it shall be satisfied that the events and circumstances described in such notice shall have been cured or otherwise shall have ceased to exist). 
 43 

(p) The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse each Issuing Bank for drawings honored under the Letters of Credit issued by it shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms hereof under all circumstances including any of the following circumstances (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit (ii) the existence of any claim, set off, defense or other right which the Borrower may have at any time against a beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Persons for whom any such transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank, Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between Parent or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries and the beneficiary(ies) for which any Letter of Credit was procured) (iii) any draft or other document presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect (iv) payment by such Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document which does not substantially comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit (v) any adverse change in the business, operations, properties, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Person (vi) any breach hereof by any party hereto or any other Loan Document by any party thereto (vii) any force majeure or other event that under any rule of law or uniform practices to which any Letter of Credit is subject (including Rules 3.13 and 3.14 of ISP 98 or similar terms in the Letter of Credit itself) permits a drawing to be made under such Letter of Credit after the expiration thereof or after the expiration or termination of the Commitments (viii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing or (ix) the fact that an Event of Default or a Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 (q) Without duplication of any obligation of the Borrower under Section 10.3 , in addition to amounts payable as provided herein, the Borrower hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay and save and hold harmless each Issuing Bank from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages and losses, and all reasonable, documented and invoiced costs, charges and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, out-of-pocket expenses and disbursements of one primary counsel (and in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest where any Issuing Bank affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected Issuing Bank) and one local counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction), which such Issuing Bank may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of (i) the issuance, amendment, extension or increase of any Letter of Credit by such Issuing Bank, any demand for payment thereunder, any payment or other action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with such Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any transaction(s) supported by such Letter of Credit, other than as a result of (1) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Issuing Bank as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (2) the wrongful dishonor by such Issuing Bank of a presentation under any Letter of Credit which strictly complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, or (ii) the failure of such Issuing Bank to honor a drawing under any such Letter of Credit as a result of any Governmental Act. The Borrower will pay all amounts owing under this Section promptly after written demand therefor. 
 (r) An Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank by providing at least 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank (provided that no consent will be required if the replaced Issuing Bank has no Letters of Credit or reimbursement obligations with respect thereto outstanding) and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such resignation or replacement of such Issuing Bank. From and after the effective date of any such replacement or resignation, (i) any successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. At the time any such resignation or replacement shall become effective, (A) the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the resigning or replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Sections 2.11(c) and (d) and (B) the resigning or replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto to the extent that Letters of Credit issued by it remain outstanding and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or replacement. After the replacement or resignation of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the 
 44 

resigning or replaced Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend, extend or increase any Letters of Credit. 
 (s) The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), designate as additional Issuing Banks one or more Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of an appointment as an Issuing Bank hereunder shall be evidenced by a written agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such designated Lender and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 (t) If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the applicable Issuing Bank, an amount in cash equal to 103 of Letter of Credit Usage attributable to all outstanding Letters of Credit as of such date provided that, if the Letter of Credit Usage increases at any time following such deposit, the Borrower shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, deposit additional amounts in cash in dollars so that such deposit account holds at least 103 of the amount of Letter of Credit Usage of all outstanding Letters of Credit at any time) plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, in each case in dollars provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such cash collateral shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower (or, upon the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings) described in clauses (h) or (i) of Article VIII . Such cash collateral shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such cash collateral, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such cash collateral shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse each Issuing Bank for any disbursements under Letters of Credit issued by it for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held as cash collateral for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the Letter of Credit Usage of each Issuing Bank at such time, and after such cash collateralization and or payment in full of all Letter of Credit Usage of each Issuing Bank, may be applied to satisfy other Obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower (or as otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction) within five Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (u) Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP 98 shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Issuing Bank shall be responsible to the Borrower for, and each Issuing Bank s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of such Issuing Bank required under, or expressly authorized under the circumstances by, any applicable law, order, or practice that is required to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the law or any order of a jurisdiction where such Issuing Bank or the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit is located, the practice stated in the ISP 98, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade, Inc. (BAFT), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any such law or practice is applicable to any Letter of Credit. 
 (v) Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, Parent or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, or states that Parent or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing 
 45 

party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of Parent such Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of Parent or such Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Section 1.13 Requests for Borrowings . 
 To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone or in writing (a) in the case of a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 12 00 p.m., New York City time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, one Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing or (c) in the case of a Borrowing of a Swing Line Loan, not later than 12 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy (or other facsimile transmission) to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 attached hereto and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.2 and Section 2.3 
 (i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing 
 (iv) in the case of a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (v) the location and number of the account or accounts of the Borrower to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.6 , or, in the case of any Loan requested to finance the reimbursement of drawing under a Letter of Credit as provided in Section 2.4(d) , the identity of the Issuing Bank that has honored such drawing. 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified with respect to Revolving Loans, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 Section 1.14 Funding of Borrowings . 
 (w) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12 00 noon, New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders provided that Swing Line Loans shall be made by the Swing Line Lender to the Borrower by means of a wire transfer to the account specified in such Borrowing Request or to the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, by 
 46 

3 00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swing Line Loan. Except as otherwise specified in the immediately preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account or accounts designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such Applicable Percentage available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 Section 1.15 Interest Elections . 
 (x) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request or as otherwise provided in Section 2.5 provided that Swing Line Loans shall be made and maintained as ABR Borrowings only. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swing Line Loans, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (y) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.5 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy (or other facsimile transmission) to the Administrative Agent of a written request (an Interest Election Request in substantially the form of Exhibit C attached hereto and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 (z) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.2 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing and 
 47 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (aa) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (ab) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be continued as a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month s duration. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 Section 1.16 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . 
 (ac) Unless previously terminated, (i) all of the Commitments shall terminate on the Commitment Termination Date and (ii) if the IPO Effective Date has not occurred on or prior to the date that is 12 months after the Restatement Effective Date, the 2020 Incremental Commitments shall terminate in full at 5 00 p.m. on such date. 
 (ad) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.10 , the Total Utilization of Commitments would exceed the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount and (iii) each reduction of the Commitments shall be pro rata as between the Original Commitments and the 2020 Incremental Commitments. 
 (ae) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or another transaction, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be applied to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
 Section 1.17 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . 
 (af) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date and (ii) to the Swing Line Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swing Line Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the fifth Business Day after such Swing Line Loan is made provided that any Swing Line Loan that is not repaid by the fifth Business Day after such Swing Line Loan is made shall automatically be converted to a Revolving Loan and shall be deemed to have been repaid on the fifth 
 48 

Business Day after such Swing Line Loan was made provided, further , that on each date that a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swing Line Loans that were outstanding on the date such Borrowing was requested. 
 (ag) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (ah) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (ai) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error) provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (aj) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a Note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns). Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 10.4 be represented by one or more Notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such Note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 Section 1.18 Prepayment of Loans . 
 (ak) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, without premium or penalty (subject to the requirements of Section 2.15 ), subject to prior notice in accordance with this Section. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy (or other facsimile transmission or by electronic mail) or hand delivery of written notice) or in writing of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 12 00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment and (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swing Line Loan, not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of reduction or termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.8 , then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of reduction or termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.8 . Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.2 . 
 (al) The Borrower shall from time to time prepay first, the Swing Line Loans, and second, the Revolving Loans to the extent necessary so that the Total Utilization of Commitments shall not at any time exceed the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount then in effect. 
 (am) Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued 
 49 

interest to the extent required by Section 2.12 and any costs incurred as contemplated by Section 2.15 . For the avoidance of doubt, each prepayment shall be pro rata as between Loans made in respect of the Original Commitments and the 2020 Incremental Commitments. 
 Section 1.19 Fees . 
 (an) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) a commitment fee, which shall accrue at a rate of 0.10 per annum on the daily amount of the unused Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include the 2020 Incremental Commitments irrespective of whether such 2020 Incremental Commitments are then available to be drawn). Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For purposes of computing commitment fees, a Commitment of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and Letter of Credit Usage of such Lender (and the Swing Line Exposure of such Lender shall be disregarded for such purpose). 
 (ao) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) letter of credit fees equal to (A) the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans that are Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans, multiplied by (B) the average aggregate daily maximum amount available to be drawn under all such Letters of Credit (determined as of the close of business on any date of determination) (regardless of whether any conditions for drawing could then be met and determined as of the close of business on any date of determination) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Letter of Credit Usage. Such letter of credit fees shall be paid on a quarterly basis in arrears and shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of any Letter of Credit, on the Commitment Termination Date and thereafter on demand. 
 (ap) The Borrower agrees to pay directly to each Issuing Bank, for its own account, the following fees 
 (i) a fronting fee equal to 0.125 per annum, multiplied by the average aggregate daily maximum amount available to be drawn under all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (determined as of the close of business on any date of determination) (regardless of whether any conditions for drawing could then be met and determined as of the close of business on any date of determination) from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any Letter of Credit Usage attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank and 
 (ii) such documentary and processing charges for any issuance, amendment, transfer or payment of a Letter of Credit as are in accordance with such Issuing Bank s standard schedule for such charges and as in effect at the time of such issuance, amendment, transfer or payment, as the case may be. 
 Such fronting fee shall be paid on a quarterly basis in arrears and shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Commitment Termination Date and thereafter on demand. Such documentary and processing charges are due and payable on demand. 
 50 

(aq) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 (ar) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in dollars in immediately available funds, to the parties specified herein. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 Section 1.20 Interest . 
 (as) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swing Line Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (at) The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (au) Notwithstanding the foregoing, at all times when an Event of Default listed in paragraph (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VIII has occurred hereunder and is continuing, all overdue amounts outstanding hereunder shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other overdue amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (av) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (aw) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate or LIBO , Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (ax) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Issuing Bank, with respect to drawings honored under any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, interest on the amount paid by such Issuing Bank in respect of each such honored drawing from the date such drawing is honored to but excluding the date such amount is reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at a rate equal to (i) for the period from the applicable Disbursement Date to but excluding the applicable Reimbursement Date, the rate of interest otherwise payable hereunder with respect to Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans, and (ii) thereafter, a rate which is 2 per annum in excess of the rate of interest otherwise payable hereunder with respect to Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans. 
 (ay) Interest payable pursuant to Section 2.12(f) shall be computed on the basis of a 365 366 day year for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which it accrues, and shall be payable on demand or, if no demand is made, on the date on which the related drawing under a Letter of Credit is reimbursed in full. In the event any Issuing Bank shall have been reimbursed by Lenders for all or any portion of any honored drawing, such Issuing Bank shall distribute to the Administrative Agent, for the 
 51 

account of each Lender which has paid all amounts payable by it under Section 2.4(d) with respect to such honored drawing, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of any interest received by such Issuing Bank in respect of that portion of such honored drawing so reimbursed by such Lender for the period from the date on which such Issuing Bank was so reimbursed by such Lender to but excluding the date on which such portion of such honored drawing is reimbursed by the Borrower. 
 Section 1.21 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (az) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d) and , (e) and (f) of this Section 2.13, if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate or the LIBO Term SOFR Rate, as applicable (including because the Screen Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy (or other facsimile transmission or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.7 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.5 , (x) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Borrowing shall be ineffective and such Borrowing shall be continued as an ABR Borrowing, and (y) if and any Borrowing Request that requests a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.13(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.7 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.5, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Borrowing, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 (ba) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan 
 52 

Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace the LIBO Rate with a such Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect to a of any Benchmark Transition Event will become effective setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to all the Lenders and the Borrower, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such proposed amendment Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each affected Class provided that, with respect to any proposed amendment containing any SOFR-Based Rate, the Lenders shall be entitled to object only to the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment contained therein. Any such amendment with respect to an Early Opt-in Election will become effective on the date that Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each Class have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders accept such amendment. No replacement of LIBO Rate with a Benchmark Replacement will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date . 
 (bb) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document , the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document . 
 (bc) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of i 1 any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, , ii 2 the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, iii 3 the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes , (4) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and iv 5 the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or , if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.13, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection , will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto to this Agreement or any other Loan Document , except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.13. 
 (bd) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period , (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing , the Borrower may revoke such request and, failing that, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement ), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (a) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (b) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (a) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (b) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of 
 53 

Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (be) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.13, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 Section 1.22 Increased Costs . 
 (bf) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by or participated in, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or Issuing Bank 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or Issuing Bank or the London applicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (iii) impose on any Recipient any Taxes (other than Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes, Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes, or Tax described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes), on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, Issuing Bank or other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or issue any Letter of Credit) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, Issuing Bank or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, Issuing Bank or other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (bg) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or 
 54 

Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital or liquidity of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments hereunder, the Loans made by such Lender or participations in Letters of Credit held by such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time upon request of such Lender or Issuing Bank the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (bh) A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its respective holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (bi) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive (or has retroactive effect), then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 Section 1.23 Break Funding Payments. In (a) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of a i the payment or prepayment of any principal of any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans ), b ii the conversion of any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, c iii the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.10(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or d iv the assignment of any Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the any loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such loss, cost or expense to any Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be deemed delivered to include an amount determined by such Lender the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (b) With respect to be RFR Loans, in the excess, if any, event of (i) the amount payment of interest which would have accrued on the any principal amount of such any RFR Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.10(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or continue, for (iii) the period that would have been assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market Payment 
 55 

Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for any loss, cost and expense attributable to such event . A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 
 Section 1.24 Taxes . 
 (bj) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of each applicable Loan Party hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by each applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after making such deduction or withholding (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent or Lender (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (bk) In addition, each applicable Loan Party shall (i) pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law or (ii) at the option of the Administrative Agent, shall timely reimburse the Administrative Agent for any payment of such Other Taxes. 
 (bl) Each applicable Loan Party shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of such Loan Party hereunder (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Loan Parties shall not be required to pay any amount under this Section 2.16(c) with respect to Other Taxes paid or reimbursed by the Loan Parties pursuant to Section 2.16(b) . 
 (bm) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by each applicable Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.16 , such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (bn) (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax with respect to payments made under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, 
 56 

execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.16(e)(ii) , 2.16(e)(iii) , 2.16(e)(v) or 2.16(e)(vi) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (i) Any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax. 
 (ii) Any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, (x) with respect to payments of interest under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (B) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a Portfolio Interest Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable or 
 (D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a Portfolio Interest Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a Portfolio Interest Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such partner. 
 (iii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from, or a reduction in, U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine withholding or deduction required to be made. 
 (iv) If a payment made to a Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed pursuant to FATCA if such Lender were to fail to 
 57 

comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such other documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.16(e)(v) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Effective Date. 
 (v) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (bo) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand thereof, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.4(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph. 
 (bp) If any Lender or the Administrative Agent determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.16 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.16 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.16 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) provided , however , that (w) any Lender or the Administrative Agent may determine, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith consistent with the policies of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, whether to seek a refund for any Taxes (x) any Taxes that are imposed on a Lender or the Administrative Agent as a result of a disallowance or reduction of any Tax refund with respect to which such Lender or the Administrative Agent has made a payment to the indemnifying party pursuant to this Section shall be treated as an Indemnified Tax for which the indemnifying party is obligated to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section (y) nothing in this Section shall require the Lender or the Administrative Agent to disclose any confidential information to a Loan Party or any other Lender (including its tax returns) and (z) neither any Lender nor the Administrative Agent shall be required to pay any amounts pursuant to this Section for so long as a Default or Event of Default exists. 
 (bq) For purposes of this Section 2.16 , the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 (br) Each party s obligations under this Section 2.16 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 58 

Section 1.25 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs. (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of amounts payable under Section 2.14 , Section 2.15 or Section 2.16 , or otherwise) prior to 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to such account as may be specified by the Administrative Agent and except that payments pursuant to Section 2.14 , Section 2.15 , Section 2.16 and Section 10.3 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment or performance hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment or performance shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars. 
 (bs) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed drawings under Letters of Credit, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed drawings under Letters of Credit then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed drawings under Letters of Credit then due to such parties. 
 (bt) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in Swing Line Loans or drawings under Letters of Credit resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in Swing Line Loans or drawings under Letters of Credit and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in Swing Line Loans or drawings under Letters of Credit of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in Swing Line Loans or drawings under Letters of Credit provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (as in effect from time to time) (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in Swing Line Loans or drawings under Letters of Credit to any assignee or participant, other than to Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (bu) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the 
 59 

NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 (bv) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.3 , Section 2.4 (d) , Section 2.6(b) or paragraph (d) of this Section, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 
 Section 1.26 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender (which term shall include any Issuing Bank for purposes of this Section 2.18(a) requests compensation under Section 2.14 , or if any of the Loan Parties are required to pay any Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.14 or Section 2.16 , as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (bw) If (i) any Lender (which term shall include any Issuing Bank for purposes of this Section 2.18(b) requests compensation under Section 2.14 , (ii) any of the Loan Parties is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16 , (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender or (iv) any Lender is a Declining Lender under Section 2.20 , then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.4 ), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and Swing Line Lender, which consents shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.14 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments, (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law and (v) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, (x) the applicable assignee shall have consented to, or shall consent to, the applicable amendment, waiver or consent and (y) the Borrower exercises its rights pursuant to this clause (b) with respect to all Non-Consenting Lenders relating to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver or consent by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation have ceased to apply. 
 (bx) Each party hereto agrees that an assignment and delegation required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment and delegation need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment and delegation to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment and delegation, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 60 

Section 1.27 Increase in the Aggregate Commitments . (a) The Borrower may, from time to time, (x) request that the aggregate amount of the Original Commitments be increased by having an existing Lender agree in its sole discretion to increase its then existing Original Commitment (an Increase Lender and or by adding as a new Lender hereunder any Person (each such Person, an Assuming Lender approved by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Swing Line Lender (in each case, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) that shall agree to provide an Original Commitment hereunder or (y) the establishment of one or more new revolving credit commitments (each such new commitment, an Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche to be provided by one or more Increase Lenders and or Assuming Lenders (each such proposed increase pursuant to the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) being a Commitment Increase ), in each case, by notice to the Administrative Agent specifying the amount of the relevant Commitment Increase, the Increase Lender(s) and or Assuming Lender(s) providing such Commitment Increase and the date on which such Commitment Increase is to be effective (the Increase Date ), which shall be a Business Days at least three Business Days after delivery of such notice and ten Business Days prior to the Commitment Termination Date provided , however , that 
 (i) the minimum amount of each Commitment Increase shall be 10,000,000 or a larger multiple of 5,000,000 
 (ii) the aggregate amount of all Commitment Increases hereunder, together with the aggregate amount of all Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred under Section 2.19(d) , shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence thereof, the sum of (the amount available under clauses (y) and (z) below, the Available Incremental Amount 
 (y) the aggregate amount of any permanent optional reductions of Commitments, plus 
 (z) an amount such that, after giving effect to the incurrence of such amount, the Senior Net Leverage Ratio would not exceed 2.5 to 1.0 for the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) or Section 3.4(a) and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis (assuming the full amount of such Commitment Increase has been drawn, but calculating the Senior Net Leverage Ratio without netting the cash proceeds from such Revolving Loans, and without giving effect to any substantially simultaneous incurrence of Indebtedness made pursuant to clause (i) of Section 6.1(c)) 
 provided , that the Borrower may elect to use clause (z) of the Available Incremental Amount prior to using clause (y) of the Available Incremental Amount, and if both clause (z) and clause (y) of the Available Incremental Amount are available, unless otherwise elected by the Borrower, then the Borrower will be deemed to have elected to use clause (z) of the Available Incremental Amount first 
 (iii) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to any such Commitment Increase and the use of proceeds thereof (if any), Parent shall be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.8 hereof on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (iv) both at the time of any such request and upon the effectiveness of any Commitment Increase, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from such proposed Commitment Increase provided that, with respect to any Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche the primary purpose of which is to finance a Limited Condition Transaction, the requirement pursuant to this Section 2.19(a)(iv) shall be that no Event of Default under clauses (a) or (b) of Article VIII or, solely with respect to the Borrower, clauses (h) or (i) of Article VIII, shall exist after giving effect to such Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche) 
 (v) the representations and warranties set forth in Article III and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier contained therein) immediately prior to, and after giving effect to, such Commitment Increase as if 
 61 

made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date provided that, with respect to any Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche the primary purpose of which is to finance a Limited Condition Transaction, the requirement contained in this Section 2.19(a)(v) shall only be required with respect to customary Sungard representations and warranties (with such representations and warranties to be reasonably determined by the Lenders providing such Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche))) 
 (vi) any Commitment Increase shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the existing Commitments 
 (vii) no Commitment Increase consisting of an Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche will have (i) a final maturity earlier than the latest Maturity Date then in effect (as determined as of the applicable Increase Date) or (ii) a weighted average life to maturity that is shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of the Commitments then in effect and 
 (viii) (i) any Commitment Increase (other than an Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche) shall be on terms that are identical to the existing Original Commitments, or (ii) subject to clauses (vi) and (vii) above, any Commitment Increase consisting of an Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche shall be on terms that are identical to the existing Commitments, other than those terms relating to pricing (including interest rates or rate floors), fees and maturity date and other than (x) as set forth in this Section 2.19 , (y) such terms as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Increase Lenders and or the Assuming Lenders, as applicable, with respect to such Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche and (z) any other terms, including provisions for security (provided that any such terms shall also be for the benefit of all other Lenders in respect of all Loans and Commitments outstanding at the time that the applicable Commitment Increase becomes effective) 
 Each notice by the Borrower under this paragraph shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower as to the matters specified in clauses (iv) and (v) above. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Lender shall have any obligation hereunder to become an Increase Lender and any election to do so shall be in the sole discretion of each Lender. 
 (by) Each Commitment Increase (and the increase of the Commitment of each Increase Lender and or the new Commitment of each Assuming Lender, as applicable, resulting therefrom) shall become effective as of the relevant Increase Date upon receipt by the Administrative Agent, on or prior to 12 00 noon, New York City time, on such Increase Date, of (i) a certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Borrower stating that the conditions with respect to such Commitment Increase under this Section 2.19 have been satisfied, (ii) an agreement (a Commitment Increase Supplement ), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower, each Increase Lender, each Assuming Lender and the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which, effective as of such Increase Date, as applicable, the Commitment of each such Increase Lender shall be increased or each such Assuming Lender shall undertake a Commitment, in each case duly executed by such Increase Lender or Assuming Lender, as the case may be, and the Borrower and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent and (iii) such certificates, legal opinions or other documents from the Borrower reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with such Commitment Increase. Upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of a fully executed Commitment Increase Supplement from each Increase Lender and or Assuming Lender referred to in clause (ii) above, together with the certificates, legal opinions and other documents referred to in clauses (i) and (iii) above, the Administrative Agent shall record the information contained in each such agreement in the Register and give prompt notice of the relevant Commitment Increase to the Borrower and the Lenders (including, if applicable, each Assuming Lender). At the election of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, any Loans outstanding on such Increase Date shall be reallocated among the Lenders (with Lenders making any required payments to each other) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with any revised pro rata shares of such Lenders arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section 2.19 . Upon each such Commitment Increase, the participation interests of the Lenders in the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall automatically be adjusted to reflect, and each Lender (including, if applicable, each Assuming Lender) shall have a participation in each such Letter of Credit equal to, the Lenders respective Applicable 
 62 

Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit after giving effect to such increase. 
 (bz) This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.17 or Section 10.2 to the contrary. 
 (ca) The Borrower may utilize the Available Incremental Amount in respect of one or more series of senior unsecured notes or term loans, issued in a public offering, Rule 144A or other private placement or loan origination pursuant to an indenture, credit agreement or otherwise, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, together with the aggregate amount of all Commitment Increases, the Available Incremental Amount Incremental Equivalent Debt provided that such Incremental Equivalent Debt (i) does not mature earlier than Maturity Date (as determined as of the date of incurrence of such Incremental Equivalent Debt), or have a shorter weighted average life to maturity than the weighted average life to maturity of the Commitments outstanding at such time, (ii) has terms and conditions (other than pricing (including interest rates, rate floors or original issue discount) and fees and, solely with respect to any term loans, amortization, prepayment premiums, and as otherwise explicitly set forth in this Agreement) no more restrictive than those under the credit facilities provided for herein (except for covenants or other provisions, including the provision of security, which are provided to the existing Lenders or are applicable only to periods after the Maturity Date (as determined in good faith by the Borrower as of the date of incurrence of such Incremental Equivalent Debt)), (iii) to the extent guaranteed, shall not be guaranteed by any Person other than the Loan Parties, and (iv) after giving effect to any such Incremental Equivalent Debt and the use of proceeds thereof, the Borrower shall be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.8 on a Pro Forma Basis. To the extent Borrower provides first lien security for the benefit of all Lenders, Borrower may utilize the Available Incremental Amount in respect of one or more series of senior secured first lien notes or term loans or senior secured junior lien notes or term loans, issued in a public offering, Rule 144A or other private placement or loan origination pursuant to an indenture, credit agreement or otherwise, so long as the conditions set forth in the previous sentence are satisfied and (i) such notes or term loans are not secured by any asset that does not also secure the Obligations hereunder on a pari passu basis with liens securing such notes or term loans, and (ii) such notes or term loans shall be subject to customary intercreditor arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 1.28 Extension of Maturity Date . (a) The Borrower may, by delivery of a Maturity Date Extension Request to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver a copy thereof to each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks) not less than 30 days prior to the then existing maturity date for Commitments of any Class hereunder (the Existing Maturity Date ), request that the applicable Lenders and the Issuing Banks extend the Existing Maturity Date in accordance with this Section provided that the Borrower may not make more than two Maturity Date Extension Requests during the term of this Agreement. Each Maturity Date Extension Request shall (i) specify the Class of Commitments and the date to which the Maturity Date is sought to be extended provided that such date is no more than one calendar year from the then-scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) specify the changes, if any, to the Applicable Rate to be applied in determining the interest payable on Loans of, and fees payable hereunder to, Consenting Lenders (as defined below) in respect of that portion of their Commitments (and related Loans) of the applicable Class extended to such new Maturity Date and the time as of which such changes will become effective (which may be prior to the Existing Maturity Date), and (iii) specify any other amendments or modifications to this Agreement to be effected in connection with such Maturity Date Extension Request provided that no such changes or modifications requiring approvals pursuant to Section 10.2(b) shall become effective prior to the then existing Maturity Date unless such other approvals have been obtained. In the event a Maturity Date Extension Request shall have been delivered by the Borrower, each Lender of the applicable Class shall have the right to agree or not agree to the extension of the Existing Maturity Date and other matters contemplated thereby on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein (each Lender agreeing to the Maturity Date Extension Request being referred to herein as a Consenting Lender and each Lender not agreeing thereto being referred to herein as a Declining Lender ), which right may be exercised by written notice thereof, specifying the maximum amount of its Commitment and, if such Lender (or a designated Affiliate of such Lender) is then serving as an Issuing Bank, its (or its designated Affiliate s) Issuing Bank Sublimit, with respect to which such Lender agrees to the extension of the Maturity Date, delivered to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) not later than a day to be agreed upon by the Borrower and the 
 63 

Administrative Agent following the date on which the Maturity Date Extension Request shall have been delivered by the Borrower (it being understood (x) that any Lender that shall have failed to exercise such right as set forth above shall be deemed to be a Declining Lender and (y) that, in the case of any Lender then serving (or whose designated Affiliate is then serving) as an Issuing Bank, (I) the Issuing Bank Sublimit of such Lender (or such designated Affiliate) shall not be extended in connection with an extension of such Lender s Commitments unless so specified by such Lender (or such designated Affiliate), in its capacity as Issuing Bank, in such written notice to the Borrower and (II) for purposes of Section 2.4(a) , the Maturity Date applicable to Letters of Credit of an Issuing Bank that has not extended its Issuing Bank Sublimit will be the Maturity Date in respect of such Letter of Credit Sublimit that has not been extended). If a Lender elects to extend only a portion of its then existing Commitment, it will be deemed for purposes hereof to be a Consenting Lender in respect of such extended portion and a Declining Lender in respect of the remaining portion of its Commitment. If Consenting Lenders shall have agreed to such Maturity Date Extension Request in respect of Commitments held by them, then, subject to paragraph (d) of this Section, on the date specified in the Maturity Date Extension Request as the effective date thereof (the Extension Effective Date ), (i) the Existing Maturity Date of the applicable Commitments shall, as to the Consenting Lenders, be extended to such date as shall be specified therein, (ii) the terms and conditions of the Commitments of the Consenting Lenders (including interest and fees payable in respect thereof), shall be modified as set forth in the Maturity Date Extension Request, (iii) such other modifications and amendments hereto specified in the Maturity Date Extension Request shall (subject to any required approvals (including those of the Required Lenders) having been obtained, except that any such other modifications and amendments that do not take effect until the Existing Maturity Date shall not require the consent of any Lender other than the Consenting Lenders) become effective and (iv) in the case of any Consenting Lender then serving (or whose designated Affiliate is then serving) as an Issuing Bank that shall not have agreed to extend the Existing Maturity Date with respect to its Issuing Bank Sublimit, or shall have agreed to extend the Existing Maturity Date with respect to less than the entire amount of its Issuing Bank Sublimit, such Issuing Bank shall not have the obligation to issue, amend, extend or increase Letters of Credit following the Extension Effective Date, if after giving effect to any such issuance, amendment, extension or increase, the Letter of Credit Usage attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank that have a stated expiration date after the date that is five days prior to the Existing Maturity Date with respect to the non-extended portion of its Issuing Bank Sublimit would exceed the extended portion (if any) of such Issuing Bank Sublimit. 
 (cb) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall have the right, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.18 and Article IX , at any time prior to the Existing Maturity Date, to replace a Declining Lender (for the avoidance of doubt, only in respect of that portion of such Lender s Commitments subject to a Maturity Date Extension Request that it has not agreed to extend) with a Lender or other financial institution that will agree to such Maturity Date Extension Request, and any such replacement Lender shall for all purposes constitute a Consenting Lender in respect of the Commitment assigned to and assumed by it on and after the effective time of such replacement. 
 (cc) If a Maturity Date Extension Request has become effective hereunder, on the Existing Maturity Date, the Commitment of each Declining Lender shall, to the extent not assumed, assigned or transferred as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section, terminate, and the Borrower shall repay all the Loans of each Declining Lender, to the extent such Loans shall not have been so purchased, assigned and transferred, in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest and all fees and other amounts owing to such Declining Lender hereunder (accordingly, the Commitment of any Consenting Lender shall, to the extent the amount of such Commitment exceeds the amount set forth in the notice delivered by such Lender pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section and to the extent not assumed, assigned or transferred as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section, be permanently reduced by the amount of such excess, and, to the extent not assumed, assigned or transferred as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section, the Borrower shall prepay the proportionate part of the outstanding Loans of such Consenting Lender, in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the Existing Maturity Date and all fees and other amounts payable in respect thereof on or prior to the Existing Maturity Date), it being understood that such repayments may be funded with the proceeds of new Borrowings made simultaneously with such repayments by the Consenting Lenders, which such Borrowings shall be made ratably by the Consenting Lenders in accordance with their extended Commitments. 
 64 

(cd) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Maturity Date Extension Request shall become effective hereunder unless, on the Extension Effective Date, the conditions set forth in Section 4.2 shall be satisfied (with all references in such Section to a Borrowing being deemed to be references to such Maturity Date Extension Request) and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower. 
 (ce) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, it is hereby agreed that no extension of an Existing Maturity Date in accordance with the express terms of this Section, or any amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of the Commitments and Loans of the Consenting Lenders effected pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to (i) violate the last sentence of Section 2.8(c) or Section 2.17(c) or any other provision of this Agreement requiring the ratable reduction of Commitments or the ratable sharing of payments or (ii) require the consent of all Lenders or all affected Lenders under Section 10.2(b) . 
 (cf) The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Consenting Lenders may enter into an amendment to this Agreement to effect such modifications as may be necessary to reflect the terms of any Maturity Date Extension Request that has become effective in accordance with the provisions of this Section. 
 Section 1.29 Defaulting Lenders . (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law 
 (i) such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and in Section 10.2 
 (ii) if any Swing Line Exposure or Letter of Credit Usage exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (A) all or any part of the Swing Line Exposure and Letter of Credit Usage of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that (x) the sum of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s Swing Line Exposure and Letter of Credit Usage does not exceed the total of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments, (y) the sum of any Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure plus its Pro Rata Share of such Defaulting Lender s Swing Line Exposure and Letter of Credit Usage does not exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment and (z) the conditions set forth in Section 4.2 are satisfied at such time 
 (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swing Line Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of the applicable Issuing Banks only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Usage (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.4(j) for so long as such Letter of Credit Usage is outstanding 
 (C) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Usage pursuant to clause (B) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Usage during the period such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Usage is cash collateralized 
 (D) if the Letter of Credit Usage of the Non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (A) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.11(a) and Section 2.11(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such Non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 65 

(E) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Usage is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.11(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Usage shall be payable to the Issuing Banks (and allocated among them ratably based on the amount of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Usage attributable to Letters of Credit issued by each Issuing Bank) until and to the extent that such Letter of Credit Usage is reallocated and or cash collateralized in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.4(j) 
 (iii) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Line Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend, extend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding Swing Line Exposure or Letter of Credit Usage will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by Borrower in accordance with Section 2.21(a)(ii) , and participating interests in any newly made Swing Line Loan or any newly issued, amended, extended or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.21(a)(ii)(A) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein) 
 (iv) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.8 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to each Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender hereunder third, to cash collateralize each Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Usage with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.4(j) fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize each Issuing Bank s future Letter of Credit Usage with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.4(j) sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or Letters of Credit disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans or Letters of Credit were made when the conditions set forth in Section 4.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of or Letters of Credit disbursements owed to all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.21(a)(ii)(A) ). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto and 
 (v) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.11 for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 66 

(cg) If (i) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Line Loan and such Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend, extend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swing Line Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 (ch) If the Borrower, Swing Line Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent each agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swing Line Loans) or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and 
 provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 Section 1.30 Organization Powers . Each of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and (to the extent the concept is applicable in such jurisdiction) in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, in each case (other than with respect to the due organization of, valid existence of, and good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization of, each of the Borrower and, on and after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 1.31 Authorization Enforceability . The Transactions are within each Loan Party s corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational and, if required, equity holder action. Each Loan Party has duly executed and delivered each of the Loan Documents to which it is party, and each of such Loan Documents constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 
 Section 1.32 Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) those approvals, consents, registrations, filings or other actions, the failure of which to obtain or make has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, will not violate any applicable law or regulation or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate any charter, by-laws or other organizational document of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (d) except as has not had and would not reasonably 
 67 

be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than the agreements and instruments referred to in clause (c)) binding upon Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Section 1.33 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . (a) Parent has heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent its consolidated balance sheet and statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, reported on by KPMG LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2020. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of Parent and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the unaudited financial statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 
 (ci) Since December 31, 2019, no event, development or circumstance exists or has occurred that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.34 Properties . 
 (cj) Each of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in or rights to use, all its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes. Except as permitted by this Agreement, all such properties and assets are free and clear of Liens, other than (i) Permitted Encumbrances, (ii) Liens arising by operation of law, (iii) Liens permitted by Section 6.2 and (iv) minor defects in title that do not materially interfere with the ability of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries to conduct their businesses. 
 (ck) Each of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all material Intellectual Property used in and necessary to operate its business as currently conducted, and the use thereof by Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries does not infringe upon, the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements, that, individually or in the aggregate, have not resulted and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.35 Litigation and Environmental Matters . (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing against or affecting Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) that have resulted and would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Transactions. Neither Parent nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, have resulted and would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (cl) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, have not resulted and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither Parent nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, or (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability. 
 68 

(cm) Since the Effective Date, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.36 Compliance with Laws and Agreements . Each of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, have not resulted and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 Section 1.37 Investment Company Status . None of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 Section 1.38 Taxes . Except as has not resulted and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and except as set forth in Schedule 3.9 to the Disclosure Letter, (i) each of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed with respect to income, properties or operations of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (ii) such Tax returns accurately reflect all liability for Taxes of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as a whole for the periods covered thereby and (iii) each of Parent and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely paid or caused to be timely paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it (regardless of whether such Taxes are reflected on any Tax returns), except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and, to the extent required by GAAP, for which Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP. 
 Section 1.39 ERISA . (a) Each Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code (including the Code provisions compliance with which is necessary for any intended favorable tax treatment) and all other applicable laws and regulations, except where any failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Plan (and each related trust, if any) which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS to the effect that it meets the requirements of Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code covering all applicable tax law changes or is comprised of a master or prototype plan that has received a favorable opinion letter from the IRS, and nothing has occurred since the date of such determination that would adversely affect such determination (or, in the case of a Plan with no determination, nothing has occurred that would materially adversely affect the issuance of a favorable determination letter or otherwise materially adversely affect such qualification), other than, in each case, as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No ERISA Event has occurred, or is reasonably expected to occur, other than as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (cn) There exists no material Unfunded Pension Liability with respect to any Plan, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (co) No Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the five calendar years immediately preceding the date this assurance is given or deemed given, made or accrued an obligation to make contributions to any Multiemployer Plan, other than as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (cp) There are no actions, suits or claims pending against or involving a Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate, threatened, which have resulted or would reasonably be expected either singly or in the aggregate to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (cq) Each Loan Party and each ERISA Affiliate have made all contributions to or under each Plan and Multiemployer Plan required by law within the applicable time limits prescribed thereby, the terms of such Plan or Multiemployer Plan, respectively, or any contract or agreement requiring contributions 
 69 

to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan save where any failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, has not resulted and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (cr) No Plan which is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA has applied for or received an extension of any amortization period, within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 or 304 of ERISA other than where such extension would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate has ceased operations at a facility so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4062(e) of ERISA, withdrawn as a substantial employer so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4063 of ERISA or ceased making contributions to any Plan subject to Section 4064(a) of ERISA to which it made contributions, other than as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate have incurred or reasonably expect to incur any liability to PBGC except as has not resulted in and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and no Lien imposed under the Code or ERISA on the assets of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate exists or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, is likely to arise on account of any Plan other than as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Loan Parties or any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, other than as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (cs) Each Non-U.S. Plan has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities, except as has not resulted in and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All contributions required to be made with respect to a Non-U.S. Plan have been timely made, except as has not resulted in and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has incurred any material obligation in connection with the termination of, or withdrawal from, any Non-U.S. Plan, other than as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under each Non-U.S. Plan, determined as of the end of the Non-U.S. Plan s most recently ended fiscal year on the basis of actuarial assumptions, each of which is reasonable, did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Non-U.S. Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.40 Disclosure . (a) All written information (other than any projected financial information and other than information of a general economic or industry specific nature) furnished by or on behalf of Parent to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished and when taken as a whole), when furnished, does not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided that, with respect to any projected financial information, Parent represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time furnished (it being understood that such projected financial information is subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, any of which are beyond Parent s control, that no assurance can be given that any particular projections will be realized and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projected financial information may differ significantly from the projected results and such differences may be material). 
 (b) As of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. 
 Section 1.41 Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.12 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth as of the Effective Date a list of all Restricted Subsidiaries (identifying all Restricted Subsidiaries and Immaterial Subsidiaries) and the percentage ownership (directly or indirectly) of Parent therein. Except as has not resulted and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of all Restricted Subsidiaries of Parent 
 70 

are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by Parent (other than minority interests held by other Persons that do not violate any provision of this Agreement), directly or indirectly, free and clear of all Liens other than Liens permitted under Section 6.2 . 
 Section 1.42 Anti-Terrorism Laws USA Patriot Act . To the extent applicable, the Parent and each Subsidiary of Parent is in compliance, in all material respects, with (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (ii) the USA Patriot Act. 
 Section 1.43 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . (a) The Borrower has implemented and maintains (and, on and after a Holdco Transaction, Holdings will have and will maintain) in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and its and their respective directors and officers and, to the knowledge of Parent, its and their respective employees, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (i) Parent, any Subsidiary of Parent or any of its or their respective directors or officers, or (ii) to the knowledge of Parent, any employee of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. 
 Section 1.44 Margin Stock . (a) None of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. 
 (ct) No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit for the purposes of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock in violation of the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulation T, U or X. 
 Section 1.45 Solvency . As of the Effective Date, Parent is, individually and together with its Restricted Subsidiaries, and after giving effect to the incurrence of all Indebtedness and obligations being incurred in connection herewith (assuming for this purpose that the full amount of the Commitments is drawn on the Effective Date) will be, Solvent. 
 Section 1.46 EEA Financial Institution . No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Article IV CONDITIONS 
 Section 1.47 Reserved . 
 Section 1.48 Each Credit Extension . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing (other than a Borrowing consisting solely of a conversion of Loans of one Type to another Type or a continuation of a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan following the expiration of the applicable Interest Period), the obligation of each Issuing Bank to issue any Letter of Credit, or amend or extend the expiration date, or increase the face amount of any Letter of Credit, and the effectiveness of any Commitment Increase pursuant to Section 2.19 (subject to the provisions of Section 1.4 in the case of any Incremental Revolving Commitment Tranche for use in a Limited Condition Transaction) or any extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.20 (each of the foregoing, a Credit Extension ), is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (cu) The Administrative Agent shall have received a fully executed Borrowing Request or the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank shall have received a fully executed Issuance Notice and Application, as the case may be 
 71 

(cv) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect , in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except that (i) for purposes of this Section, the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.4(a) shall be deemed to refer, following the first delivery thereof, to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 5.1 and (ii) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in such manner as of such earlier date 
 (cw) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and 
 (cx) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension, Parent would be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.8 whether or not such covenant would otherwise be tested on and as of the date of such Credit Extension. 
 Each Credit Extension shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower as to the matters specified in paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of this Section. 
 Article V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have been cancelled or expired or cash collateralized on terms satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Banks, each Loan Party covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 Section 1.49 Financial Statements Other Information . Parent will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) 
 (cy) (i) in each fiscal year prior to an IPO, within 150 days after the end of such fiscal year of the Borrower and (ii) in each fiscal year following an IPO, within 90 days after the end of such fiscal year of Parent, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception (other than a qualification related to the maturity of the Commitments and the Loans at the Maturity Date) and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (cz) within 45 days (or, prior to an IPO, 60 days) after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Parent, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (da) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of Parent in substantially the form of Exhibit E attached hereto (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date thereof and, if a Default has occurred and 
 72 

is continuing as of the date thereof, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth calculations illustrating compliance with Section 6.8 , and (iii) if and to the extent that any change in GAAP that has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.4 had a material impact on such financial statements, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate 
 (db) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, as the case may be, in each case that is not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto provided that such information shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such information has been posted on Parent s website on the Internet at https www.doordash.com (or any new address identified by the Borrower) or at http www.sec.gov 
 (dc) within a reasonable period of time following any request in writing (including any electronic message) therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act 
 (dd) prior to an IPO, within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (beginning with the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2023), an annual budget of the Borrower for upcoming fiscal year, in form customarily prepared by Parent and 
 (de) if any Subsidiary has been designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, concurrently with each delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, financial statements (in substantially the same form as the financial statements delivered pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above) prepared on the basis of consolidating the accounts of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries and treating any Unrestricted Subsidiaries as if they were not consolidated with Parent and otherwise eliminating all accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, together with an explanation of reconciliation adjustments in reasonable detail. 
 Information required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or Section 5.1(b) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which Parent posts such information, or provides a link thereto on Parent s website on the Internet at https www.doordash.com (or any new address identified by the company) or at http www.sec.gov or (ii) on which such information is posted on Parent s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have been granted access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent). The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to herein, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by Parent with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 Section 1.50 Notices of Material Events . 
 Parent will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) prompt written notice of the following 
 (df) the occurrence of any Default 
 (dg) the filing or commencement of any Proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent thereof that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (dh) any other development that becomes known to any officer of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 73 

Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer or other executive officer of Parent setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 Section 1.51 Existence Conduct of Business . Parent will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business provided that (i) the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.3 and (ii) none of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve, renew or keep in full force and effect its rights, licenses, permits, privileges or franchises where failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.52 Payment of Taxes . Parent will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay all Tax liabilities, including all Taxes imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or upon any properties belonging to it that, if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, and all lawful claims other than Tax liabilities which, if unpaid, would become a Lien upon any properties of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under Section 6.2 , in both cases except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (b) to the extent required by GAAP, Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary of Parent has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP. 
 Section 1.53 Maintenance of Properties Insurance . Parent will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property used in the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty events excepted, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, a Captive Insurance Subsidiary or through self-insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 Section 1.54 Books and Records Inspection Rights . Parent will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which entries full, true and correct in all material respects are made and are sufficient to prepare financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Parent will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent (pursuant to the request made through the Administrative Agent), upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants provided that Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary shall be afforded the opportunity to participate in any discussions with such independent accountants), all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested (but no more than once annually if no Event of Default exists). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, none of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives) is prohibited by applicable law or any third party consent legally binding on Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii) is subject to attorney, client or similar privilege or constitutes or includes attorney work-product. 
 Section 1.55 ERISA-Related Information . The Borrower shall supply to the Administrative Agent (in sufficient copies for all the Lenders, if the Administrative Agent so requests) (a) if requested by the Administrative Agent, within 30 days of such request, a copy of IRS Form 5500 (including schedules thereto) in respect of a Plan with Unfunded Pension Liabilities, and (b) promptly and in any event within 30 days after a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate knows or has reason to know that any ERISA Event has occurred that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, a certificate of a Financial Officer of Borrower describing such ERISA Event and the action, if any, proposed to be taken with respect to such ERISA Event and a copy of any notice filed with the PBGC, the IRS or Department of Labor pertaining to such ERISA Event and any notices received by such Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from the 
 74 

PBGC or any other governmental agency with respect thereto provided that, in the case of ERISA Events under paragraph (d) of the definition thereof, the 30-day period set forth above shall be a 10-day period, and, in the case of ERISA Events under paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, in no event shall notice be given later than the occurrence of the ERISA Event (c) promptly, and in any event within 30 days, after becoming aware that there has been (i) a material increase in aggregate Unfunded Pension Liabilities under all Plans (taking into account only Pension Plans with positive Unfunded Pension Liabilities) since the date the representations hereunder are given or deemed given, or from any prior notice, as applicable (ii) the existence of potential withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA, if the Loan Parties and the ERISA Affiliates were to withdraw completely from any and all Multiemployer Plans that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) the adoption of, or the commencement of contributions to, any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (iv) the adoption of any amendment to a Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA which results in a material increase in contribution obligations of a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate, a detailed written description thereof from a senior Financial Officer of Borrower and (d) as soon as practicable, and in any event within 10 days, notice if, at any time after the Effective Date, a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate maintains, or contributes to (or incurs an obligation to contribute to), a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan to which such party did not maintain or contribute to prior to the Effective Date. 
 Section 1.56 Compliance with Laws and Agreements . Parent will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Parent will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by Parent, its Subsidiaries and its and their respective directors, officers, and employees of the foregoing with Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Sanctions and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Section 1.57 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including for stock repurchases under stock repurchase programs approved by the Borrower and permitted under this Agreement and for Acquisitions. The Letters of Credit and the proceeds thereof will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit extension will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not request any Credit Extension, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, Holdings (upon the consummation of a Holdco Transaction) and its or their respective directors, officers, and employees shall not use, the proceeds of any Credit Extension, (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, business or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 Section 1.58 Additional Guarantors . (a) In the event that any Person becomes a Material Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary), Parent shall (i) in the case of an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Material Domestic Subsidiary, substantially concurrently with the redesignation or deemed redesignation thereof as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.12 or (ii) otherwise, 60 days thereafter (or such longer period of time as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) cause such Material Domestic Subsidiary to become a Guarantor hereunder by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a Counterpart Agreement. If reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall receive an opinion of counsel for Parent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in respect of such customary matters as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent relating to any Counterpart Agreement or joinder agreement delivered pursuant to this Section 5.10(a) , dated as of the date of such agreement. 
 75 

(di) With respect to each Material Domestic Subsidiary of Parent referred to in clause (a) above, Parent shall promptly after delivering the financial statements pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) or (b) , as the case may be, send to the Administrative Agent written notice setting forth (i) the date on which such Person became a Material Domestic Subsidiary and (ii) all of the data required to be set forth in Schedule 3.12 to the Disclosure Letter and such written notice shall be deemed to supplement Schedule 3.12 to the Disclosure Letter for all purposes hereof. 
 (dj) Substantially simultaneously upon the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings shall become a Guarantor hereunder by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a Counterpart Agreement. 
 Section 1.59 Further Assurances . Subject to the limitations set forth in any Loan Document, each Loan Party shall take such actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Obligations are guaranteed by the Guarantors. 
 Section 1.60 Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries . (a) The Board of Directors or chief financial officer of Parent may designate any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than, after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, the Borrower), including a newly acquired or created Subsidiary of Parent, to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it meets the following qualifications 
 (i) such Subsidiary does not own any Equity Interest of Parent or any other Restricted Subsidiary of Parent 
 (ii) Parent would be permitted to make an Investment at the time of the designation in an amount equal to the aggregate fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of all Investments of Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Subsidiary (valued at Parent s and its Restricted Subsidiaries proportional share of the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of such Subsidiary s assets less liabilities) 
 (iii) any Guarantee or other credit support thereof by Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent is permitted under Section 6.1 or Section 6.7 
 (iv) neither Parent nor any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent has any obligation to subscribe for additional Equity Interests of such Subsidiary or to maintain or preserve its financial condition or cause it to achieve specified levels of operating results except to the extent permitted by Section 6.1 or Section 6.7 
 (v) immediately before and after such designation, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from such designation 
 (vi) no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it is a restricted subsidiary or a guarantor (or any similar designation) for any other Indebtedness of Parent or a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent and 
 (vii) such Subsidiary does not own (or hold an exclusive license in respect of) any Intellectual Property other than ownership or a license resulting from a Permitted IP Transfer. 
 Once so designated, the Subsidiary will remain an Unrestricted Subsidiary, subject to subsection (b). 
 (dk) (i) A Subsidiary previously designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary which fails to meet the qualifications set forth in subsections (a)(i), (a)(iii), (a)(iv) or (a)(vi) of Section 5.12 will be deemed to become at that time a Restricted Subsidiary, subject to the consequences set forth in subsection (d) of Section 5.12 . (ii) The Board of Directors of Parent may designate an Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary if no Event of Default exists at the time of the designation and the designation would not cause an Event of Default. 
 76 

(dl) Upon a Restricted Subsidiary becoming an Unrestricted Subsidiary, 
 (i) all existing Investments of Parent and the Restricted Subsidiaries of Parent therein (valued at Parent s and its Restricted Subsidiaries proportional share of the fair market value of its assets less liabilities) will be deemed made at that time 
 (ii) all existing Equity Interest or Indebtedness of Parent or a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent held by it will be deemed issued or incurred, as applicable, at that time, and all Liens on property of Parent or a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent securing its obligations will be deemed incurred at that time 
 (iii) all existing transactions between it and Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent will be deemed entered into at that time 
 (iv) it will be released at that time from its Guaranty and 
 (v) it will cease to be subject to the provisions of this Agreement as a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 (dm) Upon an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming, or being deemed to become, a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.12(b) , 
 (i) all of its Indebtedness and Liens will be deemed incurred at that time for purposes of Section 6.1 and Section 6.2 , as applicable 
 (ii) all Investments therein previously charged under Section 6.7 will be credited thereunder 
 (iii) if it is a Material Domestic Subsidiary, it shall be required to become a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.10 and 
 (iv) it will be subject to the provisions of this Agreement as a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 (dn) Any designation by the Board of Directors or chief financial officer of Parent of a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date will be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by promptly filing with the Administrative Agent a copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of Parent giving effect to the designation and a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Parent certifying that the designation complied with the foregoing provisions. 
 Section 1.61 Lender Calls . Prior to an IPO, the Borrower shall conduct a quarterly telephonic meeting that the Lenders may attend to discuss the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower for the most recently ended fiscal year or fiscal quarter, as applicable, for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) above, at a date and time as soon as reasonably practicable after each date that financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) above to be determined by the Borrower with reasonable advance notice to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 77 

Article VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have been cancelled or expired or cash collateralized on terms satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Banks, each Loan Party covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 Section 1.62 Indebtedness . No Loan Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur or assume, or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except 
 (do) the Obligations 
 (dp) Indebtedness of Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to Capital Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed, at the time of incurrence thereof, the greater of (x) 200,000,000 and (y) 20 of Consolidated Total Assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) or Section 3.4(a) and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis provided that any such Indebtedness shall be secured only by the asset (including all accessions, attachments, improvements and the proceeds thereof) acquired, constructed or improved in connection with the incurrence of such Indebtedness 
 (dq) Indebtedness of any Loan Party in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed, at the time of incurrence, the sum of (i) 550,000,000 (or on or after an IPO, 1,050,000,000), plus (ii) an amount such that, after giving effect to the incurrence of such amount, the Senior Net Leverage Ratio would not exceed 2.5 to 1.0 for the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) or Section 3.4(a) and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis (without giving effect to any substantially simultaneous incurrence of Indebtedness made pursuant to clause (x) of Section 2.19(a)(ii) or clause (i) of this Section 6.1(c)) provided , that the Borrower may elect to use clause (ii) above prior to using clauses (i) above, and if both clause (i) and clause (ii) are available, unless otherwise elected by the Borrower, then the Borrower will be deemed to have elected to use clause (ii) above first 
 (dr) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary to Parent or to any other Restricted Subsidiary, or of Parent to any Restricted Subsidiary provided that all such Indebtedness owing by a Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor shall be unsecured and subordinated in right of payment to the payment in full of the Obligations 
 (ds) Indebtedness which may be deemed to exist pursuant to any Guarantees, performance, statutory or similar obligations (including in connection with workers compensation) or obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bank guarantees or similar instruments related thereto incurred in the ordinary course of business, or pursuant to any appeal obligation, appeal bond or letter of credit in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VIII 
 (dt) Indebtedness in connection with cash management or custodial agreements, netting services, overdraft protections and otherwise similarly in connection with deposit accounts and Indebtedness in connection with credit card, debit card or other similar cards or payment processing services 
 (du) Guarantees by Parent of Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or Guarantees by a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent of Indebtedness of Parent or another Restricted Subsidiary of Parent with respect, in each case, to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.1 provided that if the Indebtedness that is being guarantied is unsecured and or subordinated to the Obligations, the Guarantee shall also be unsecured and or subordinated to the Obligations 
 78 

(dv) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and described in Schedule 6.1 to the Disclosure Letter 
 (dw) obligations under any Swap Agreement, provided, that with respect to obligations other than obligations under a Permitted Call Spread Transaction, such obligations are entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from floating to fixed rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent, or to hedge currency exposure or to hedge energy costs or exposure, which, in any case, are not entered into for speculative purposes 
 (dx) other Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries of Parent that are not Loan Parties in an aggregate principal outstanding amount not to exceed 25,000,000 provided that any such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent that is a Guarantor and 
 (dy) Incremental Equivalent Debt. 
 Section 1.63 Liens . Parent will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it except 
 (dz) Permitted Encumbrances 
 (ea) any Lien on any property or asset of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.2 to the Disclosure Letter provided that Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of less than 250,000 individually and 2,500,000 in the aggregate do not need to be set forth in Schedule 6.2 to the Disclosure Letter to be permitted Liens under this clause (b)) and any modifications, renewals and extensions thereof and any Lien granted as a replacement or substitute therefor provided that (i) such replacement, renewal or extension Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary other than (y) improvements thereon or proceeds thereof and (z) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and (ii) the obligations secured or benefited by such modified, replacement, renewal or extension Lien are permitted by Section 6.1 
 (eb) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent (other than pursuant to a redesignation or deemed redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary as provided in Section 5.12 ), in each case after the Effective Date and prior to the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent and any modifications, replacements, renewals or extensions thereof provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of Parent or any other Restricted Subsidiary of Parent (other than any replacements of such property or assets and additions and accessions thereto, the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require or include, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition), (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals, replacements and refinancings thereof so long as the principal amount of such extensions, renewals and replacements does not exceed the principal amount of the obligations being extended, renewed or replaced, and (iv) if such Liens secure Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is permitted by Section 6.1 
 (ec) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent provided that (i) such Liens secure Indebtedness that is permitted by 
 79 

Section 6.1(b) , (ii) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are initially incurred prior to or within 180 days after the acquisition or the completion of the construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed 100 of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and customary related expenses, and (iv) such Liens shall not apply to any other property or assets of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent other than additions, accessions, parts, attachments or improvements on or proceeds of such fixed or capital assets provided that clause (ii) shall not apply to any refinancing, extension, renewal or replacement thereof 
 (ed) easements, licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to others (A) not interfering in any material respect with the business of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) not securing any Indebtedness 
 (ee) the interest and title of a lessor under any lease, license, sublease or sublicense entered into by Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent in the ordinary course of its business and other statutory and common law landlords Liens under leases 
 (ef) in connection with the sale or transfer of any assets in a transaction not prohibited hereunder, customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof 
 (eg) in the case of any Joint Venture, any Liens on its Equity Interests pursuant to its organizational documents or any related joint venture or similar agreement 
 (eh) Liens securing Indebtedness to finance insurance premiums owing in the ordinary course of business to the extent such financing is not prohibited hereunder 
 (ei) Liens on earnest money deposits of cash or Cash Equivalents or Marketable Securities made in connection with any Acquisition not prohibited hereunder 
 (ej) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and cash equivalents or other securities on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks, securities intermediaries or other depository institutions with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to institutions with respect to cash management operating account arrangements and similar arrangements 
 (ek) Liens in the nature of the right of setoff in favor of counterparties to contractual agreements not otherwise prohibited hereunder with Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (el) Liens securing the Obligations pursuant to any Loan Document 
 (em) other Liens provided that, at the time of incurrence of the obligations secured thereby, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of obligations secured by Liens in reliance on this clause (n) does not exceed the greater of (x) 50,000,000 and (y) 5 of Consolidated Total Assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) or Section 3.4(a) and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (en) Liens to secure Incremental Equivalent Debt to the extent permitted or provided for under Section 2.19(d) 
 (eo) Liens (A) on cash advances or escrow deposits in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.7 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or otherwise in connection with any escrow arrangements with respect to any such 
 80 

Investment or any disposition permitted under Section 6.3 (including any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to such Investment or disposition), or (B) consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a disposition permitted under Section 6.3 , in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien 
 (ep) Liens granted by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of any Restricted Subsidiary and Liens granted by a Loan Party in favor of any other Loan Party 
 (eq) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 (er) Receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory and proceeds thereof 
 (es) Liens on cash or Investments permitted under Section 6.4 securing Swap Agreements in the ordinary course of business submitted for clearing in accordance with applicable law and 
 (et) customary Liens granted in favor of a trustee to secure fees and other amounts owing to such trustee under an indenture or other agreement pursuant to Indebtedness not prohibited under this Agreement. 
 Section 1.64 Fundamental Changes . (a) Parent will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent to, (x) merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, (y) sell, transfer, lease, enter into any sale-leaseback transactions with respect to, or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or (z) liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (i) any Subsidiary of Parent (other than the Borrower) or any other Person may merge into or consolidate with the Borrower in a transaction in which the surviving entity is (x) the Borrower or (y) a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, which corporation shall expressly assume, by a written instrument in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, all the Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents and shall deliver all information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act 
 (ii) any Person (other than the Borrower) may merge into or consolidate with any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent (other than the Borrower) in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Restricted Subsidiary provided that any such merger or consolidation involving a Guarantor must result in a Guarantor as the surviving entity) 
 (iii) any Loan Party may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to any other Loan Party, and any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to any Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary 
 (iv) in connection with any Acquisition, any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent (other than the Borrower) may merge into or with, or consolidate with any other Person, and any other Person may merge into such Restricted Subsidiary, so long as the Person surviving such merger or consolidation shall be a Restricted Subsidiary (provided that any such merger or consolidation involving a Guarantor must result in a Guarantor as the surviving entity) 
 81 

(v) any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent (other than the Borrower) may merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or have any other Person merge into or consolidate with it, in a transaction in which such Restricted Subsidiary ceases to be a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Parent if such transaction is also permitted by clauses (ix) or (x) below 
 (vi) any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent (other than the Borrower) may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders 
 (vii) a Holdco Transaction may be consummated 
 (viii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor may sell or transfer Equity Interests owned by such Restricted Subsidiary to any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor or to any Loan Party 
 (ix) Parent and any Restricted Subsidiary may dispose of Equity Interests of a Restricted Subsidiary acquired in connection with (or owned by a Person that is acquired in connection with) an Acquisition for the fair market value thereof (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) 
 (x) Parent and any Restricted Subsidiary may sell, transfer or dispose of the Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary owned by such Person for fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) provided that (i) Parent is in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.8 hereof on a Pro Forma Basis, (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (iii) the sum of (A) the aggregate consideration received or to be received in respect of such sale, transfer or disposition plus (B) the aggregate consideration received or to be received in respect of all other dispositions effected in reliance on this clause prior to or concurrently with such disposition shall not exceed 10 of Consolidated Total Assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries at the time of such disposition provided, however , that the sale, transfer or disposition of the Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired, or holding primarily assets acquired, after August 1, 2019 shall be excluded from the requirements of and calculations with respect to this clause (iii) and 
 (xi) any Foreign Subsidiary may sell or transfer Equity Interests owned by such Foreign Subsidiary to a Loan Party or another Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Section 1.65 Restricted Payments . Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except 
 (eu) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Restricted Payments in an amount not exceeding the sum of (x) the amount by which Liquidity (determined on a pro forma basis at the time of (and after giving effect to) such Restricted Payment) exceeds 700,000,000 plus (y) an amount of up to 200,000,000 (less any amounts previously utilized under this clause (y)) in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement provided that Restricted Payments utilizing this Section 6.4(a) shall be deemed to be incurred under clause (x) to the extent there is capacity thereunder and if a Restricted Payment is to be incurred under both clauses (x) and (y), it will be deemed to have been incurred first under clause (x) to the extent of the capacity thereunder and then any remaining amount shall be deemed incurred under clause (y) 
 (ev) any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent may declare and pay dividends or make other Restricted Payments ratably to (i) its equity holders, (ii) the Borrower or (iii) any Guarantor 
 (ew) Parent may make Restricted Payments to redeem in whole or in part any of its Equity Interests (including Disqualified Equity Interests) for another class of its Equity Interests or rights to acquire its Equity Interests (other than, in each case, Disqualified Equity Interests) or with proceeds from substantially concurrent equity contributions or issuances of new Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) provided that the only consideration paid for any such redemption is Equity Interests of Parent or the proceeds 
 82 

of any substantially concurrent equity contribution or issuance of Equity Interest (other than, in each case, Disqualified Equity Interests) 
 (ex) Restricted Payments made in connection with equity compensation that consist solely of the withholding of shares to any employee (or other provider of services) in an amount equal to the employee s (or other provider of services tax obligation on such compensation and the payment in cash to the applicable Governmental Authority of an amount equal to such tax obligation 
 (ey) Parent may declare and make dividends payable solely in additional shares of Parent s Qualified Equity Interests and may exchange Equity Interests for its Qualified Equity Interests 
 (ez) following an IPO, Parent may make any Restricted Payment that has been declared by it, so long as (A) such Restricted Payment would be otherwise permitted under clause (a) or clause (l) of this Section 6.4 at the time so declared and (B) such Restricted Payment is made within 60 days of such declaration 
 (fa) following an IPO, Parent may repurchase Equity Interests pursuant to any accelerated stock repurchase or similar agreement provided that the payment made by Parent with respect to such repurchase would be otherwise permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.4 at the time such agreement is entered into and at the time such payment is made 
 (fb) Parent may make Restricted Payments pursuant to and in accordance with equity compensation plans or other similar agreements for directors, officers, employees or other providers of services to Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries or in connection with a cessation of service of such Person 
 (fc) Parent may repurchase Equity Interests or rights in respect thereof granted to directors, officers or employees of Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries provided that the aggregate cash consideration paid pursuant to this clause (i) shall not exceed 25,000,000 in any fiscal year 
 (fd) Parent may (i) repurchase fractional shares of its Equity Interests arising out of stock dividends, splits or combinations, business combinations or conversions of convertible securities, exercises of warrants or options, or settlements of restricted stock units or (ii) net exercise or net share settle warrants or options 
 (fe) the receipt or acceptance by Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent of the return of Equity Interests issued by Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent to the seller of a Person, business or division as consideration for the purchase of such Person, business or division, which return is in settlement of indemnification claims owed by such seller in connection with such acquisition 
 (ff) following an IPO, Parent may make Restricted Payments of no greater than 6 per annum of the net proceeds received in such IPO and contributed to the Borrower provided that immediately prior to, and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom 
 (fg) Parent may make any payments of cash or deliveries in shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the Common Stock) (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) pursuant to the terms of, and otherwise perform its obligations under, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including, without limitation, making payments of interest and principal thereon, making payments due upon required repurchase thereof and or making payments and deliveries upon conversion or settlement thereof) and 
 (fh) Parent may pay the premium in respect of, make any payments (of cash or deliveries in shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the Common Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares)) required by, and otherwise perform its 
 83 

obligations under, any Permitted Call Spread Transaction, including in connection with any settlement, unwind or termination thereof. 
 Section 1.66 Restrictive Agreements . Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets to secure the Obligations, (b) the ability of Holdings to repay loans or advances made to Holdings by the Borrower on and after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, or (c) the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or repay loans or advances to Parent or any other Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or of any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary of Parent under the Loan Documents provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the Effective Date identified on Schedule 6.5 to the Disclosure Letter (and shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification materially expanding the scope of, any such restrictions or conditions taken as a whole), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or assets of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent pending such sale provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Restricted Subsidiary or assets to be sold and such sale is not prohibited hereunder, (iv) the foregoing shall not apply to any agreement or restriction or condition in effect at the time any Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent, so long as such agreement was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of Parent, (v) the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to Joint Ventures, (vi) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to Incremental Equivalent Debt or any other secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (vii) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases, licenses, sub-leases and sub-licenses and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof or restricting the grant of Liens in such lease, license, sub-lease, sub-license or other contract, (viii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions set forth in any agreement governing any other Indebtedness not prohibited by Section 6.2 provided that such restrictions and conditions are customary for such Indebtedness as determined in the good faith judgment of Parent, and (ix) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions on cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) imposed under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. 
 Section 1.67 Transactions with Affiliates . Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates (other than between or among Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries and not involving any other Affiliate, or as otherwise permitted hereunder, including as a Permitted IP Transfer), except (a) on terms and conditions not less favorable to Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties as determined in good faith by the independent directors of the Board of Directors of Parent, (b) payment of customary directors fees, customary out-of-pocket expense reimbursement, indemnities (including the provision of directors and officers insurance) and compensation arrangements for members of the board of directors, officers, employees or other providers of services of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (c) any transaction involving amounts less than 500,000 individually or 5,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year, and (d) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.4 . 
 Section 1.68 Investments . No Loan Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make or own any Investment in any Person, including any Joint Venture, except 
 (fi) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 
 84 

(fj) Investments (including intercompany loans) in Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent 
 (fk) other Investments (including Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures) provided that, at the time any such Investment is made, such Investment does not exceed an aggregate amount equal to (A) the greater of (x) 250,000,000 and (y) 25 of Consolidated Total Assets of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) or Section 3.4(a) and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, plus (B) the amount by which Unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries exceeds Consolidated Total Indebtedness as of the date of such Investment, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, plus (C) any return of capital from previous investments made under this subclause (ii), less (D) any amounts previously utilized under subclauses (A), (B) and (C) provided further that such Investment does not include any sale, disposition, transfer or exclusive license of any Intellectual Property other than a Permitted IP Transfer 
 provided that (1) any Investment made under clause (c) above shall be deemed to be made under subclause (c)(B) to the extent there is capacity thereunder and any Investment that will be made under subclause (c)(B) and other subclauses under clause (c) shall be deemed made first under subclause (c)(B) and then under the other subclauses of clause (c) 
 (fl) loans and advances to employees or other providers of services of Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries made in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 10,000,000 
 (fm) Investments described in Schedule 6.7 to the Disclosure Letter 
 (fn) Swap Agreements which constitute Investments 
 (fo) trade receivables in the ordinary course of business 
 (fp) guarantees to insurers required in connection with worker s compensation and other insurance coverage arranged in the ordinary course of business 
 (fq) Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers and in good faith settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business 
 (fr) intercompany Investments by any Foreign Subsidiary in any other Foreign Subsidiary 
 (fs) lease, utility and other similar deposits in the ordinary course of business 
 (ft) Investments of any Person in existence at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary provided such Investment was not made in connection with or anticipation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary 
 (fu) the purchase of any Permitted Call Spread Transaction by Parent and the performance of its obligations thereunder and 
 (n) any Investment by any Captive Insurance Subsidiary in connection with its provision of insurance to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which Investment is made in the ordinary course of business or consistent with industry practice of such Captive Insurance Subsidiary, or by reason of applicable Law, rule, regulation or order, or that is required or approved by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Captive Insurance Subsidiary or its business, as applicable. 
 85 

For purposes of covenant compliance with this Section 6.7 , the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment, less any amount paid, repaid, returned, distributed or otherwise received in cash in respect of such Investment. 
 Section 1.69 Financial Covenant . Parent will not permit the aggregate amount of Liquidity, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, to be less than 250,000,000. 
 Article VII GUARANTY 
 Section 1.70 Guaranty of the Obligations . The Guarantors jointly and severally hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guaranty the due and punctual payment in full of all Obligations when the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 362(a)) (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations provided that the Guaranteed Obligations of the Borrower in its capacity as a Guarantor shall exclude any Direct Borrower Obligations. 
 Section 1.71 Payment by Guarantors . The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree, in furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which any Beneficiary may have at law or in equity against any Guarantor by virtue hereof, that upon the failure of the Borrower or any other Guarantor to pay any of the Guaranteed Obligations when and as the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise, Guarantors will upon demand pay, or cause to be paid, in cash, to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Beneficiaries, an amount equal to the sum of the unpaid principal amount of all Guaranteed Obligations then due as aforesaid, accrued and unpaid interest on such Guaranteed Obligations (including interest which, but for the Borrower s becoming the subject of a case under the Bankruptcy Code, would have accrued on such Guaranteed Obligations, whether or not a claim is allowed against the Borrower for such interest in the related bankruptcy case) and all other Guaranteed Obligations then owed to the Beneficiaries as aforesaid. 
 Section 1.72 Liability of Guarantors Absolute . Each Guarantor agrees that its obligations hereunder are irrevocable, absolute, independent and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance which constitutes a legal or equitable discharge of a guarantor or surety other than payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, each Guarantor agrees as follows 
 (fv) this Guaranty is a guaranty of payment when due and not of collectability and this Guaranty is a primary obligation of each Guarantor and not merely a contract of surety 
 (fw) the Administrative Agent may enforce this Guaranty during the continuation of an Event of Default notwithstanding the existence of any dispute between the Borrower and any Beneficiary with respect to the existence of such Event of Default 
 (fx) the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of the Borrower and the obligations of any other guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the obligations of the Borrower, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against such Guarantor whether or not any action is brought against the Borrower, any such other guarantor or any other Person and whether or not the Borrower, any such other guarantor or any other Person is joined in any such action or actions 
 (fy) payment by any Guarantor of a portion, but not all, of the Guaranteed Obligations shall in no way limit, affect, modify or abridge any Guarantor s liability for any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations which has not been paid. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent is awarded a judgment in any suit brought to enforce any Guarantor s covenant to pay a portion of the 
 86 

Guaranteed Obligations, such judgment shall not be deemed to release such Guarantor from its covenant to pay the portion of the Guaranteed Obligations that is not the subject of such suit, and such judgment shall not, except to the extent satisfied by such Guarantor, limit, affect, modify or abridge any other Guarantor s liability hereunder in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations 
 (fz) any Beneficiary, upon such terms as it deems appropriate under the relevant Loan Document, without notice or demand and without affecting the validity or enforceability hereof or giving rise to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination of any Guarantor s liability hereunder, from time to time may (i) renew, extend, accelerate, increase the rate of interest on, or otherwise change the time, place, manner or terms of payment of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) settle, compromise, release or discharge, or accept or refuse any offer of performance with respect to, or substitutions for, the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement relating thereto and or subordinate the payment of the same to the payment of any other obligations (iii) request and accept other guaranties of the Guaranteed Obligations and take and hold security for the payment hereof or the Guaranteed Obligations (iv) release, surrender, exchange, substitute, compromise, settle, rescind, waive, alter, subordinate or modify, with or without consideration, any security for payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, any other guaranties of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other obligation of any Person (including any other Guarantor) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations (v) enforce and apply any security now or hereafter held by or for the benefit of such Beneficiary in respect hereof or the Guaranteed Obligations and direct the order or manner of sale thereof, or exercise any other right or remedy that such Beneficiary may have against any such security, in each case as such Beneficiary in its discretion may determine consistent herewith and any applicable security agreement, including foreclosure on any such security pursuant to one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable, and even though such action operates to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any other Loan Party or any security for the Guaranteed Obligations and (vi) exercise any other rights available to it under the Loan Documents and 
 (ga) this Guaranty and the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination for any reason (other than payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) and the cancellation or expiration or cash collateralization of all Letters of Credit in an amount equal to 103 of Letter of Credit Usage at such time on terms satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Banks), including the occurrence of any of the following, whether or not any Guarantor shall have had notice or knowledge of any of them (i) any failure or omission to assert or enforce or agreement or election not to assert or enforce, or the stay or enjoining, by order of court, by operation of law or otherwise, of the exercise or enforcement of, any claim or demand or any right, power or remedy (whether arising under the Loan Documents, at law, in equity or otherwise) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any other guaranty of or security for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any consent to departure from, any of the terms or provisions (including provisions relating to events of default) hereof, any of the other Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument executed pursuant thereto, or of any other guaranty or security for the Guaranteed Obligations, in each case whether or not in accordance with the terms hereof or such Loan Document or any agreement relating to such other guaranty or security (iii) the Guaranteed Obligations, or any agreement relating thereto, at any time being found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect (iv) the application of payments received from any source (other than payments received pursuant to the other Loan Documents or from the proceeds of any security for the Guaranteed Obligations, except to the extent such security also serves as collateral for indebtedness other than the Guaranteed Obligations) to the payment of indebtedness other than the Guaranteed Obligations, even though any Beneficiary might have elected to apply such payment to any part or all of the Guaranteed Obligations (v) the change, reorganization or termination of the corporate structure or existence of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and to any corresponding restructuring of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether or not consented to by any Beneficiary (vi) any failure to perfect or continue perfection of a security interest in any collateral which secures any of the Guaranteed Obligations (vii) any defenses, set offs or counterclaims which the Borrower or any other Person may allege or assert against any Beneficiary in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including failure of consideration, breach of warranty, payment, statute of frauds, accord and satisfaction and usury and (viii) any other act or thing or omission, or delay to do any other act or 
 87 

thing, which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Guarantor as an obligor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of each Guarantor in respect of its Guaranty shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations under this Agreement subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any comparable provisions of any similar federal or state law provided , however , that this limitation shall not apply to the Borrower with respect to its Direct Borrower Obligations. 
 Section 1.73 Waivers by Guarantors . Each Guarantor hereby waives, for the benefit of the Beneficiaries (a) any right to require any Beneficiary, as a condition of payment or performance by such Guarantor, to (1) proceed against the Borrower, any other guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Person, (2) proceed against or exhaust any security held from the Borrower, any such other guarantor or any other Person, (3) proceed against or have resort to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Beneficiary in favor of any Loan Party or any other Person, or (4) pursue any other remedy in the power of any Beneficiary whatsoever (b) any defense arising by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority or any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other Guarantor including any defense based on or arising out of the lack of validity or the unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement or instrument relating thereto or by reason of the cessation of the liability of the Borrower or any other Guarantor from any cause other than payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (c) any defense based upon any statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal (d) any defense based upon any Beneficiary s errors or omissions in the administration of the Guaranteed Obligations, except behavior which amounts to bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct (e) (i) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms hereof and any legal or equitable discharge of such Guarantor s obligations hereunder, (ii) any rights to set offs, recoupments and counterclaims, (iii) promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Beneficiary protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto, and (iv) notices, demands, presentments, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of any action or inaction, including acceptance hereof, notices of default hereunder or any agreement or instrument related thereto, notices of any renewal, extension or modification of the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement related thereto, notices of any extension of credit to the Borrower and notices of any of the matters referred to in Section 7.3 and any right to consent to any thereof and (f) any defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by law which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or which may conflict with the terms hereof, in each case other than the indefeasible payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 Section 1.74 Guarantors Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc . Until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) and the Commitments shall have terminated, each Guarantor hereby waives any claim, right or remedy, direct or indirect, that such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against the Borrower or any other Guarantor or any of its assets in connection with this Guaranty or the performance by such Guarantor of its obligations hereunder, in each case whether such claim, right or remedy arises in equity, under contract, by statute, under common law or otherwise and including, (i) any right of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification that such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against the Borrower with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) any right to enforce, or to participate in, any claim, right or remedy that any Beneficiary now has or may hereafter have against the Borrower, and (iii) any benefit of, and any right to participate in, any collateral or security now or hereafter held by any Beneficiary. In addition, until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or been cancelled or cash collateralized in an amount equal to 103 of Letter of Credit Usage at such time on terms satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Banks and the Commitments shall have terminated, each Guarantor shall withhold exercise of any right of contribution such Guarantor may have against any other guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor further agrees that, to the extent the waiver or agreement to withhold the exercise of its rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification and contribution as set forth herein is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or voidable for any 
 88 

reason, any rights of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification such Guarantor may have against the Borrower or against any collateral or security, and any rights of contribution such Guarantor may have against any such other guarantor, shall be junior and subordinate to any rights any Beneficiary may have against the Borrower, to all right, title and interest any Beneficiary may have in any such collateral or security, and to any right any Beneficiary may have against such other guarantor. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of any such subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution rights at any time when all Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held in trust for the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Beneficiaries and shall forthwith be paid over to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Beneficiaries to be credited and applied against the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Section 1.75 Subordination of Other Obligations . Any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Guarantor now or hereafter held by any Guarantor (the Obligee Guarantor is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations, and any such Indebtedness collected or received by the Obligee Guarantor after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be held in trust for the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Beneficiaries and shall forthwith be paid over to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Beneficiaries to be credited and applied against the Guaranteed Obligations but without affecting, impairing or limiting in any manner the liability of the Obligee Guarantor under any other provision hereof. 
 Section 1.76 Continuing Guaranty . This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall remain in effect until all of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full and the Commitments shall have terminated and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or been cancelled or cash collateralized in an amount equal to 103 of Letter of Credit Usage at such time on terms satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Banks. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Guaranty as to future transactions giving rise to any Guaranteed Obligations. 
 Section 1.77 Authority of Guarantors or the Borrower . It is not necessary for any Beneficiary to inquire into the capacity or powers of any Guarantor or the Borrower or the officers, directors or any agents acting or purporting to act on behalf of any of them. 
 Section 1.78 Financial Condition of the Borrower . Any Loan may be made to the Borrower or continued from time to time, in each case without notice to or authorization from any Guarantor regardless of the financial or other condition of the Borrower or any other Loan Party at the time of any such grant or continuation, as the case may be. No Beneficiary shall have any obligation to disclose or discuss with any Guarantor its assessment, or any Guarantor s assessment, of the financial condition of the Borrower or any other Loan Party. Each Guarantor has adequate means to obtain information from the Borrower and the other Loan Parties on a continuing basis concerning the financial condition of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties and their respective ability to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents, and each Guarantor assumes the responsibility for being and keeping informed of the financial condition of the Borrower and each other Loan Party and of all circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor hereby waives and relinquishes any duty on the part of any Beneficiary to disclose any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, operations or conditions of the Borrower or any other Loan Party now known or hereafter known by any Beneficiary. 
 Section 1.79 Bankruptcy, Etc . (a) So long as any Guaranteed Obligations remain outstanding, no Guarantor shall, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent acting pursuant to the instructions of Required Lenders, commence or join with any other Person in commencing any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency case or proceeding of or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party. The obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be reduced, limited, impaired, discharged, deferred, suspended or terminated by any case or proceeding, voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, liquidation or arrangement of the Borrower or any other Loan Party or by any defense which the Borrower or any other Loan Party may have by reason of the order, decree or decision of any court or administrative body resulting from any such proceeding. 
 89 

(gb) Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that any interest on any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations which accrues after the commencement of any case or proceeding referred to in clause (a) above (or, if interest on any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations ceases to accrue by operation of law by reason of the commencement of such case or proceeding, such interest as would have accrued on such portion of the Guaranteed Obligations if such case or proceeding had not been commenced) shall be included in the Guaranteed Obligations because it is the intention of Guarantors and the Beneficiaries that the Guaranteed Obligations which are guaranteed by Guarantors pursuant hereto should be determined without regard to any rule of law or order which may relieve the Borrower or any other Loan Party of any portion of such Guaranteed Obligations. Guarantors will permit any trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, debtor in possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person to pay the Administrative Agent, or allow the claim of the Administrative Agent in respect of, any such interest accruing after the date on which such case or proceeding is commenced. 
 (gc) In the event that all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations are paid by the Borrower, Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent, the obligations of Guarantors hereunder shall continue and remain in full force and effect or be reinstated, as the case may be, in the event that all or any part of such payment(s) are rescinded or recovered directly or indirectly from any Beneficiary as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, and any such payments which are so rescinded or recovered shall constitute Guaranteed Obligations for all purposes hereunder. 
 Article VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default shall occur 
 (gd) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable or any amount due and payable to any Issuing Bank in reimbursement of any drawing under any Letter of Credit, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (ge) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under any of the Loan Documents, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days 
 (gf) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (other than to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect , in which case, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect in any respect) 
 (gg) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.2 , Section 5.3 (solely with respect to such Loan Party s existence), Section 5.9 , or in Article VI 
 (gh) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any of the Loan Documents (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article of this Agreement), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) 
 90 

(gi) Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) and such failure shall have continued after the applicable grace period, if any 
 (gj) after giving effect to any grace period, Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent fails to observe or perform any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing any Material Indebtedness (other than as described in clause (f) above), if the failure referred to in this clause (g) causes, or permits the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or a trustee or other representative on its or their behalf (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) to cause, such Material Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity (or in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee in respect of Indebtedness to become payable) or become subject to a mandatory offer purchase by the obligor 
 (gk) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Debtor Relief Law or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 (gl) Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing 
 (gm) Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (gn) (i) one or more judgments for the payment of money in excess of 50,000,000 in the aggregate, to the extent not adequately covered by insurance as to which a solvent and unaffiliated insurance company has acknowledged coverage, shall be rendered against Parent, any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or any combination thereof (to the extent not paid or covered by a reputable and solvent independent third-party insurance company which has not disputed coverage) and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction outside the U.S.), or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent to enforce any such judgment and such action shall not be stayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) or (ii) any non-monetary judgment, writ or warrant of attachment or similar process shall be entered or filed against Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent or any combination thereof or any of their respective assets and shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed (or an action of similar effect in any jurisdiction outside the U.S.) for a period of 90 consecutive days and such non-monetary judgment, writ, warrant of attachment or similar process would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (go) one or more ERISA Events shall have occurred that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (gp) a Change in Control shall occur or 
 91 

(gq) any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the obligations hereunder or thereunder, ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower (and, upon the consummation of the Holdco Transaction, Holdings) described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments and the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue any Letters of Credit, and thereupon the Commitments and such obligations shall terminate immediately, (ii) direct the Borrower to pay (and the Borrower hereby agrees upon receipt of such notice, or upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in Article VIII(h) or (i) to pay) to the Administrative Agent such additional amounts of cash as are reasonably requested by the applicable Issuing Banks, to be held as security for the Borrower s reimbursement Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit then outstanding as set forth in Section 2.4(j) and (iii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder (including any amounts required to be deposited in respect of Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.4(j) ), shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower (and, upon the consummation of the Holdco Transaction, Holdings) described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 Article IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Each of the Lenders and Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints JPMCB as the Administrative Agent (and JPMCB hereby accepts such appointment) and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Except, in each case, as set forth in the sixth paragraph of this Article, the provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. Each Lender, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Guarantees of the Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article. 
 The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other 
 92 

Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.2 or in the other Loan Documents) provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, and (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.2 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent shall have the right to resign at any time by giving prior written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall have the right to appoint a financial institution to act as the Administrative Agent hereunder, subject to the reasonable satisfaction of the Borrower and the Required Lenders, and the Administrative Agent s resignation shall become effective on the earliest 
 93 

of (i) 30 days after delivery of the notice of resignation, (ii) the acceptance of such successor Administrative Agent by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or (iii) such other date, if any, agreed to by the Borrower and the Required Lenders. Upon any such notice of resignation, if a successor Administrative Agent has not already been appointed by the retiring Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If neither the Required Lenders nor the Administrative Agent have appointed a successor Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have succeeded to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Any successor Administrative Agent shall be a bank with an office in the United States or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, that successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent and the retiring Administrative Agent shall promptly transfer to such successor Administrative Agent all records and other documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of the duties of the successor Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents, whereupon such retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article IX shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent hereunder. 
 Any resignation of JPMCB or its successor as the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Article IX shall also constitute the resignation of JPMCB or its successor as Swing Line Lender and Issuing Bank, and any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to this Section shall, upon its acceptance of such appointment, become successor Swing Line Lender and Issuing Bank for all purposes hereunder. In such event (i) the Borrower shall prepay any outstanding Swing Line Loans made by the retiring Administrative Agent in its capacity as Swing Line Lender, (ii) upon such prepayment, the retiring Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender shall surrender any Swing Line Note held by it to the Borrower for cancellation, and (iii) the Borrower shall issue, if so requested by successor Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender, a new Swing Line Note to the successor Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender, in the principal amount of the Swing Line Sublimit then in effect and with other appropriate insertions. After such resignation of JPMCB as an Issuing Bank hereunder, JPMCB shall remain a party hereto to the extent that Letters of Credit issued by it remain outstanding and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants as of the date it becomes a Lender or Issuing Bank that (i) it is such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention that the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 94 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no Arranger shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. 
 Subject to Section 10.2 , without further written consent or authorization from any Lender, the Administrative Agent may execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any Guarantor from the Guaranty pursuant to Section 10.17 or with respect to which Required Lenders (or such other Lenders as may be required to give such consent under Section 10.2 have otherwise consented. 
 Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, each Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to enforce the Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or any other Loan Document, when all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) have been paid in full, all Commitments have terminated or expired and all Letters of Credit shall have terminated or expired without any pending drawing thereon (or the outstanding Letters of Credit have been cash collateralized in an amount equal to 103 of all Letter of Credit Usage at such time in a manner satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Banks), upon request of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any Lender) take such actions as shall be required to release all Guaranties provided for in any Loan Document. Any such release of any Guaranty shall be deemed subject to the provision that such Guaranty shall be reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment in respect of the Obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Borrower or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Borrower or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding paragraph is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub- 
 95 

clause (iv) in the immediately preceding paragraph, such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that neither the Administrative Agent, nor any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 The Administrative Agent and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this paragraph shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at 
 96 

the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 Each party s obligations under this the preceding three paragraphs shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 Article X MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 1.80 Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy (or other facsimile transmission or, subject to clause (b) below, other electronic image scan transmission (e.g., pdf via email)), as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, to it at DoorDash, Inc., 901 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94103, Attention Prabir Adarkar (email with a copy to Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., Attention Reswan Pavri, Esq., 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, (email 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, 7th Floor L2, Suite IL1-0480 , Chicago, Illinois 60603-2003 60603-2300 , Attention JPMorgan Loan Services Natavia M Johnson (Telecopy No. email with a copy copies to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 237 Park Ave Middle Market Servicing, 10 South Dearborn , 6th Floor , New York, New York 10016 L2, Suite IL1-0480, Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 , Attention (Fax no. email 
 (iii) if to the Swing Line Lender, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2003, Attention JPMorgan Loan Services (Telecopy No. Email with a copy to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 237 Park Ave, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10016, Attention Dan Maniaci (email 
 (iv) (A) if to JP Morgan Chase Bank as an Issuing Bank, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2, Suite IL1-0480, Chicago, IL, 60603-2300, Attention LC Agency Team (Telecopy No. , Email with a copy to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2, Suite IL1-0480, Chicago, IL, 60603-2300, Attention Loan & Agency Services Group, Natavia M Johnson (Telecopy No. , Email 
 (A) (iv) if to any other Issuing Bank, to it at its address (or telecopy (or other facsimile transmission) number) most recently specified by it in a notice delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (or, in the absence of any such notice, to the address (or telecopy (or other facsimile transmission) number) set forth in the Administrative Questionnaire of the Lender that is serving as such Issuing Bank or is an Affiliate thereof) and 
 (v) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy (or other facsimile transmission) number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 97 

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by telecopy (or other facsimile transmission) shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (gr) Notices and other communications to the Lenders, Swing Line Lender and Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender, Swing Line Lender and applicable Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (gs) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy (or other facsimile transmission) number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. 
 The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, the Internet or another similar electronic system chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Platform ). THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the communications effected thereby (the Communications ). No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties be responsible or liable for damages arising from the unauthorized use by others of information or other materials obtained through internet, electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission, except to the extent that such damages have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Agent Party (as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 Section 1.81 Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance, amendment, extension or increase of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (gt) Except as provided in Section 2.13(b) , none of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided , however , that, subject to Section 2.13(b) , no such amendment, waiver or consent shall (i) extend or increase the 
 98 

Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (or make any changes to the definition of Applicable Percentage ), (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan, reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any reimbursement obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender and Issuing Bank directly affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby provided , however , that notwithstanding clause (ii) or (iii) of this Section 10.2(b) , only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the default rate set forth in Section 2.12(c) , (iv) change Section 2.17(b) , Section 2.17(c) or any other Section hereof providing for the ratable treatment of the Lenders, in each case in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) release all or substantially all of the value of any Guaranty, without the written consent of each Lender, except to the extent the release of any Guarantor is permitted pursuant to Article IX or Section 10.17 (in which case such release may be made by the Administrative Agent, acting alone), (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the percentage referred to in the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (vii) extend the stated expiration date of any Letter of Credit beyond the Maturity Date without the written consent of the applicable Issuing Bank, each Lender directly affected thereby, and the beneficiary(ies) of such Letter of Credit or (viii) change the definition of Pro Rata Share without the written consent of each Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, (B) no such amendment shall amend, modify, terminate or waive any obligation of Lenders relating to the purchase of participations in Letters of Credit as provided in Section 2.4(d) without the written consent of the Administrative Agent and of each Issuing Bank, and no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of any Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of such Issuing Bank, (C) no such amendment shall amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision hereof relating to the Swing Line Sublimit or the Swing Line Loans without the consent of Swing Line Lender, (D) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or the termination thereof extended without the consent of such Lender, (y) the principal amount of any Defaulting Lender s Loan, or the interest rate thereon or any fees payable hereunder to any Defaulting Lender may not be reduced without the consent of such Lender and (z) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender, (E) this Agreement may be amended to provide for a Commitment Increase in the manner contemplated by Section 2.19 and the extension of the Maturity Date as contemplated by Section 2.20 , (F) any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, so long as, in each case, the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment and (G) any amendment or waiver that by its terms affects the rights or duties of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of a particular Class (but not the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any other Class) will require only the requisite percentage in interest of the affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders. 
 Section 1.82 Expenses Limitation of Liability Indemnity . (a) Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, any syndication agent and their respective Affiliates, including, without limitation, the reasonable, documented and invoiced fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and any syndication agent, taken as a whole (and if reasonably necessary 
 99 

(as determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower), of a single regulatory counsel and a single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction) in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, including, without limitation, the fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, taken as a whole (and if reasonably necessary (as determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower), of a single regulatory counsel and a single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction and in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest where the Administrative Agent or any Arranger affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected person), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made, or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (gu) Limitation of Liability. To the extent permitted by applicable law (i) the Borrower and any Loan Party shall not assert, and the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby waive, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), except as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Lender-Related Person, and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof provided that, nothing in this Section 10.03(b) shall relieve the Borrower and each Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 10.03(c), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (gv) Indemnity. Each Loan Party shall indemnify Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Issuing Bank, each Lender and any syndication agent and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and reasonable, documented and invoiced expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned, leased or operated by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower) provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available (v) with respect to Taxes (and amounts relating thereto), the indemnification for which shall be governed solely and exclusively by Sections 2.14 and 2.16 , other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim, (w) to the extent that such Liabilities or reasonable, documented and invoiced expenses are 
 100 

determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (x) if arising from a material breach by such Indemnitee or one of its Affiliates of its express obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment), (y) if arising from any dispute between and among Indemnitees that does not involve an act or omission by the direct parent of the Borrower, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment) other than any proceeding against Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Issuing Banks in such capacity, or (z) if arising from any settlement with respect to indemnified liabilities which is entered into by such Indemnitee without Borrower s written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 
 (gw) Lender Reimbursement . Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 10.03 to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Swing Line Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), and indemnify each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (gx) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.03 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 Section 1.83 Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) neither the Borrower nor, on and after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings, may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender and each Issuing Bank (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower or Holdings, as the case may be, without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (gy) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (but not to the Borrower or an Affiliate thereof or any natural person) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of 
 (A) the Borrower provided that (x) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment of all or a portion of the Loans and Commitments unless it shall have 
 101 

objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received notice thereof and (y) no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee and 
 (B) the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund. 
 (i) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 (or a greater amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000) unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (except that an assignment may be of only Commitments of a single Class without the requirement to assign Commitments of any other Class) 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any tax forms required by Section 2.16(e) and an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws 
 (E) no such assignment shall be made to (i) any Loan Party nor any Affiliate of a Loan Party, (ii) any Defaulting Lender or any of its subsidiaries, or any Person, who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (ii) or (iii) any Disqualified Lender and 
 (F) in connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 102 

For the purposes of this Section, the term Approved Fund has the following meaning 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 (ii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.14 , Section 2.15 , Section 2.16 and Section 10.3 provided that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and amounts on the Loans owing to, and drawings under Letters of Credit owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error), and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register is intended to establish that each Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The Borrower agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities of whatsoever nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the Administrative Agent in performing its duties under this Section 10.4(b)(iv) , except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages or liabilities are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent. The Loans (including principal and interest) are registered obligations and the right, title, and interest of any Lender or its assigns in and to such Loans shall be transferable only upon notation of such transfer in the Register. 
 (iv) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax forms required by Section 2.16(e) (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.6(b) , Section 2.17(d) or Section 10.3(c) , the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (gz) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (but not to the Borrower or an 
 103 

Affiliate thereof or any natural person) (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 10.2(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.14 , Section 2.15 and Section 2.16 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.16(e) (it being understood and agreed that the documentation required under Section 2.16(e) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 10.12 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.8 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.17(c) as though it were a Lender. 
 (i) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.14 or Section 2.16 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after Participant acquired the applicable participation. 
 (ii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for United States federal income tax purposes as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (ha) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, the Bank of England or the European Central Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (hb) (i) No assignment or participation shall be made to any Person that was a Disqualified Lender (other than, in the case of participations (but not assignments), a Person who was a Disqualified Institution solely as a result of clause (c) of the definition thereof) as of the date (the Trade Date on which the assigning Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person (unless the Borrower has consented to such assignment in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, in which case such Person will not be considered a Disqualified Lender for the purpose of such assignment or participation). With respect to any assignee that becomes a Disqualified Lender after the applicable Trade Date (including as a result of the delivery of a notice pursuant to, and or the expiration of the notice period referred to in, the definition of Disqualified Lender ), (A) such assignee shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender and (B) the 
 104 

execution by the Borrower of an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignee will not by itself result in such assignee no longer being considered a Disqualified Lender. Any assignment in violation of this clause (e)(i) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this clause (e) shall apply. 
 (i) If any assignment or participation is made to any Disqualified Lender without the Borrower s sole prior written consent in violation of clause (e)(i) above, or if any Person becomes a Disqualified Lender after the applicable Trade Date, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Lender and the Administrative Agent, (A) in the case of outstanding Loans held by Disqualified Lenders, purchase or prepay such Loans by paying the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender paid to acquire such Loans, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and or (B) require such Disqualified Lender to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 10.4 ), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Persons at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Lenders (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Lender will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Lenders consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization or plan of liquidation pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws, each Disqualified Lender party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such plan, (2) if such Disqualified Lender does vote on such plan notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such plan in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Borrower hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent to (1) post the list of Disqualified Lenders provided by the Borrower and any updates thereto from time to time (collectively, the DQ List on the Platform and or (2) provide the DQ List to each Lender requesting the same. The parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent will not have any duty, responsibility or liability to monitor or enforce assignments, participations or other actions in respect of Disqualified Lenders, or otherwise take (or omit to take) any action with respect thereto. 
 Section 1.84 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties herein or in the other Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance or any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any Loan Document is executed and delivered or any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Section 2.14 , Section 2.15 , 
 105 

Section 2.16 and Section 10.3 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments, the cancellation or expiration of the Letters of Credit and the reimbursement of any amounts drawn thereunder, the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 Section 1.85 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective as provided in the Amendment and Restatement Agreement. 
 (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement or the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 10.1), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and or any 
 106 

Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 Section 1.86 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 Section 1.87 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each of its respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) or other amounts at any time held by, and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the obligations of such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document held by such Lender or Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement or such other Loan Document and although such obligations may be unmatured provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.21 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and Issuing Bank under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or Issuing Bank may have. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 Section 1.88 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (hc) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Lender relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (hd) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to 
 107 

bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (he) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (hf) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 10.1 . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 Section 1.89 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION . 
 Section 1.90 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 Section 1.91 Confidentiality . (a) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (which term shall for the purposes of this Section 10.12 includes the Issuing Banks) agrees to (i) maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), (ii) not disclose any Information to any individual or organization, either internally or externally, without the prior written consent of the Borrower, and (iii) not use the Information for any purpose except in connection with the Loan Documents, except that Information may be disclosed (A) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees, other providers of services and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors, or to any credit insurance provider relating to any Loan Party and its obligations, in each case whom it reasonably determines needs to know such information in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and required to keep such Information confidential), (B) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) (in which case the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, agrees (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any self-regulatory authority or governmental or regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the extent practicable and permitted by applicable law, to inform the Borrower promptly thereof), (C) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to inform the Borrower promptly thereof), (D) to any other party to this Agreement, (E) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder or under any Loan Document, (F) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to any permitted assignee of any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (G) with the consent of the Borrower, (H) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other 
 108 

than the Borrower, (I) to any Participant or bona fide prospective Participant in, or any bona fide prospective assignee of, the Commitments, the Loans or any Lender s rights or obligations under this Agreement (in each case other than any Disqualified Lender) or (J) to any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations in each case other than any Disqualified Lender provided that, in the case of clauses (I) and (J) of this Section 10.12 (x) such disclosure shall be subject to the Borrower s consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) at any time prior to an IPO, (y) such Participant, prospective Participant, prospective assignee, actual or prospective counterparty or advisor is advised of and agrees, in advance of such disclosure, in writing (including pursuant to customary click-through procedures), to be bound by either the provisions of this Section 10.12 or other provisions that are at least as restrictive as the provisions contained in this Section 10.12 and (z) no consent of Borrower shall be required (I) with respect to the provision of Limited Information to a Participant or permitted assignee if the Borrower shall have consented to the initial provision of Information or Limited Information to such Participant or permitted assignee, (II) with respect to any administrative notices from the Administrative Agent to any Lender and (III) during any time that a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower, or from any of its Affiliates, representatives or advisors on behalf of the Borrower, relating to the Borrower or its business (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the DQ List), other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower, or by any of its Affiliates, representatives or advisors on behalf of the Borrower. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 (hg) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 10.12(a) FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 (hh) ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR ITS SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 Section 1.92 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 109 

Section 1.93 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each Transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its subsidiaries understanding, that (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders (which term shall for the purposes of this Section include the Issuing Banks) are arm s-length commercial transactions between such Loan Party and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) such Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the Transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (ii) (A) each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for any Loan Party or any of its subsidiaries, or any other Person and (B) neither Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates with respect to the Transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of such Loan Party and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any Arrangers nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to such Loan Party or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 Section 1.94 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption or in any amendment or other modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 Section 1.95 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender (which term shall for the purposes of this Section include the Issuing Banks) that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lenders) hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA Patriot Act. Each Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Section 1.96 Release of Guarantors . (a) A Loan Party shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents (1) upon the consummation of any transaction or designation permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Loan Party ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (including pursuant to a permitted merger or amalgamation with a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or a designation as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary or (2) upon the request of Parent or the Borrower, in connection with a transaction permitted under this Agreement, as a result of which such Loan Party ceases to be a wholly owned Subsidiary provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise. 
 110 

(hi) Upon termination of the aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent amounts not yet due) under any Loan Document have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or been terminated (unless such Letters of Credit have been (i) cash collateralized in an amount equal to 103 of Letter of Credit Usage at such time on terms reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank, (ii) backstopped by a letter of credit in form, amount and substance and by an institution reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank or (iii) deemed reissued under another facility reasonably acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank), all obligations under the Loan Documents shall be automatically released. 
 (hj) In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section 10.17 , the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release so long as the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party shall have provided the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement. 
 (hk) Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to provide any release or evidence of release, termination or subordination contemplated by this Section 10.17 . 
 (hl) In the event that (i) all the Equity Interests in any Guarantor are sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of to a Person other than Parent or its Restricted Subsidiaries in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, (ii) a Guarantor ceases to be a Material Domestic Subsidiary or (iii) a Guarantor (other than, on or after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction, Holdings) would become an Excluded Subsidiary upon the consummation of any transaction permitted hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall, at the Borrower s expense, promptly take such action and execute such documents as the Borrower may reasonably request to terminate the Guaranty of such Guarantor. 
 Section 1.97 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among the parties hereto, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (hm) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (hn) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (A) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (B) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (C) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 1.98 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for hedging agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported 
 111 

QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 
 112 

Schedule 2.1(a) 
 Original Commitments 
 
 Lender Original Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 71,250,000 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC 71,250,000 Barclays Bank PLC 45,000,000 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 37,500,000 Royal Bank of Canada 37,500,000 UBS AG, Stamford Branch 37,500,000 Total 300,000,000 

Schedule 2.1(b) 
 2020 Incremental Commitments 
 
 Lender 2020 Incremental Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 23,750,000 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC 23,750,000 Barclays Bank PLC 15,000,000 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 12,500,000 Royal Bank of Canada 12,500,000 UBS AG, Stamford Branch 12,500,000 Total 100,000,000 

Page 2 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between NAME OF ASSIGNOR (the Assignor and NAME OF ASSIGNEE (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement identified below, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex I attached hereto (the Standard Terms and Conditions are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
 For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the facility identified below (including any letters of credit, guarantees and swing line loans included in such facility) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 1. Assignor 
 Assignor is is not a Defaulting Lender 
 2. Assignee 
 and is an Affiliate Approved Fund of identify Lender 
 3. Borrower DoorDash, Inc. (the Company 
 4. Administrative Agent JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 
 5. Credit Agreement Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, extended and or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among DoorDash, Inc., as Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender. 
 6. Assigned Interest 
 Page 3 

Class of Assigned Commitments Aggregate Amount of Commitment Loans for all Lenders Amount of Commitment Loans Assigned Percentage Assigned of Commitment Loans 2 Original 2020 Incremental Commitments 

Effective Date ____________, 20__ TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR. 
 The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to 
 ASSIGNOR 
 NAME OF ASSIGNOR , 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 ASSIGNEE 
 NAME OF ASSIGNEE , 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Consented to and Accepted 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., AS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, SWING LINE LENDER AND ISSUING BANK 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 , AS ISSUING BANK, 
 
 1 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 
 Page 4 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Consented to 
 DOORDASH, INC., 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 3 

2 To be added only if the consent of the Company is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 Page 5 

Annex I 
 Exhibit A 
 DOORDASH, INC. CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Standard Terms and Conditions for 
 Assignment and Assumption 
 1. Representations and Warranties. 
 1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is not a Defaulting Lender and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under the Credit Agreement or to charge interest at the rate set forth therein from time to time, or (v) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
 1.2 Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement and under applicable law, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received and or had the opportunity to review a copy of the Credit Agreement to the extent it has in its sole discretion deemed necessary, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) and 5.1(b) thereof (or, prior to the first such delivery, the financial statements referred to in Section 3.4(a) thereof), as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has in its sole discretion deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and (vi) attached to this Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee (b) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents (c) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to or otherwise conferred upon the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and (d) agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to or on or after the Effective Date. The Assignor and the 
 Page 6 

Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Administrative Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves. 
 3. Effect of Assignment . Upon the delivery of a fully executed original hereof to the Administrative Agent, as of the Effective Date, (i) the Assignee shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest and as provided in this Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) the Assignor shall, to the extent as provided in this Assignment and Assumption, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the extent of the Assigned Interest. 
 4. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy or other means of electronic imaging shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 Page 7 

EXHIBIT B-1 
 FORM OF 
 BORROWING REQUEST 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below 
 10 South Dearborn, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2003 
 Attention JPMorgan Loan Services (Telecopy No. 
 Email 
 Date 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 The undersigned, DoorDash, Inc. (the Borrower ), refers to the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto (each, a Lender and collectively, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto, and you, as the Administrative Agent for the Lenders, Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.5 of the Credit Agreement, that the undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Borrowing (the Proposed Borrowing as required by Section 2.5 of the Credit Agreement 
 (i) The Business Day of the Proposed Borrowing is ________, 20__. 4 
 (ii) The Proposed Borrowing is to consist of Revolving Loan a Swing Line Loan . 
 (iii) The aggregate principal amount of the Proposed Borrowing is _________________ 5 . 
 (iv) The Proposed Borrowing is to consist of ABR Loans Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans . 
 (v) The initial Interest Period for the Proposed Borrowing is one week one two three six twelve months . 6 
 (vi) The location and number of the account or accounts of Borrower to which funds are to be disbursed is as follows 
 Insert location and number of the account(s) 
 
 1 Shall be a Business Day (a) at least one Business Day in the case of ABR Loans and at least three Business Days in the case of Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans, in each case, after the date hereof and (b) the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of Swing Line Loans, provided that any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on a certain day only if given not later than 1 00 p.m. (New York City time) in the case of ABR Loans and not later than 12 00 p.m. (New York City time) in the case of Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans and Swing Line Loans, on such day. 
 2 Such amount to be stated dollars. 
 3 To be included for a Proposed Borrowing of Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans. Interest Periods of twelve months only available with the consent of each Lender. 

Page 8 

Issuing Bank to which proceeds of the requested Borrowing are to be disbursed 7 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing 
 (A) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (other than to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect , in which case, such representations and warranties are true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of the Proposed Borrowing, except that (i) for purposes of this Borrowing Request, the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.4(a) of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer (after the first delivery thereof) to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 5.1 of the Credit Agreement and (ii) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they were true and correct in all material respects (other than to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect , in which case, such representations and warranties were true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date 
 (B) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to the Proposed Borrowing, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and 
 (C) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to the Proposed Borrowing, Parent will be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.8 of the Credit Agreement, whether or not such covenant would otherwise be tested on and as of the date of the Proposed Borrowing. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 4 Specify only in the case of a Borrowing requested to finance the reimbursement of a drawing honored under a Letter of Credit. 
 Page 9 

Borrower has caused this Borrowing Request to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized Responsible Officer as of the date first written above. 
 Very truly yours, 
 DOORDASH, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Signature Page to Borrowing Request 

EXHIBIT B-2 
 FORM OF 
 FORM OF ISSUANCE NOTICE 
 Reference is made to the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), by and among DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), the Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent (together with its permitted successors in such capacity, Administrative Agent ), Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender. 
 Pursuant to Section 2.4 of the Credit Agreement, Borrower desires a Letter of Credit to be issued by specify Issuing Bank (the Bank in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement on _____ (the Credit Date in an aggregate face amount of _____ . 
 Attached hereto for each such Letter of Credit are the following 
 (a) the stated amount of such Letter of Credit 
 (b) the name and address of the beneficiary 
 (c) the expiration date and 
 (d) either (i) the verbatim text of such proposed Letter of Credit, or (ii) a description of the proposed terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, including a precise description of any documents to be presented by the beneficiary which, if presented by the beneficiary prior to the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, would require the Issuing Bank to make payment under such Letter of Credit. 
 Borrower hereby certifies that 
 (i) after issuing such Letter of Credit requested on the Credit Date, (A) the Total Utilization of Commitments shall not exceed the Aggregate Available Commitment Amount then in effect, (B) the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect and (C) the Letter of Credit Usage attributable to Letters of Credit issued by the Bank shall not exceed the Issuing Bank Sublimit of the Bank, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Bank 
 (ii) as of the Credit Date, the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect , in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such Credit Date, except that (i) for purposes of this Issuance Notice, the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.4(a) of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 5.1 of the Credit Agreement and (ii) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they were true and correct in all material respects (other than to the extent qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect , in which case, such representations and warranties were true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date 
 (iii) at the time of and immediately after issuing such Letter of Credit requested on the Credit Date, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 Page 2 

(iv) at the time of and immediately after issuing such letter of credit requested on the Credit Date, Parent will be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.8 of the Credit Agreement whether or not such covenant would otherwise be tested in and as of the Credit Date and 
 (v) on or before the Credit Date, Administrative Agent has received all other information required by this Issuance Notice. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 Page 3 

Date _____________ 
 DOORDASH, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Page 4 

EXHIBIT C 
 FORM OF 
 INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below 
 10 South Dearborn, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2003 
 Attention JPMorgan Loan Services (Telecopy No. Email) 
 Date 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 The undersigned, DoorDash, Inc. (the Borrower ), refers to the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), among Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto (each, a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), the Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto and you, as the administrative agent for the Lenders, Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.7 of the Credit Agreement, that the undersigned hereby requests to convert continue the Borrowing of Loans referred to below, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such conversion continuation (the Proposed Conversion Continuation as required by Section 2.7 of the Credit Agreement 
 (i) The Proposed Conversion Continuation relates to the Borrowing of Loans originally made on __________, 20__ (the Outstanding Borrowing in the principal amount of and currently maintained as a Borrowing of ABR Loans Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period ending on ________ __, ____ . 
 (ii) The effective date of the Proposed Conversion Continuation is __________ __, ____ 8 . 
 (iii) The Outstanding Borrowing shall be continued as a Borrowing of Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one week one two three six twelve months converted into a 
 
 1 Shall be a Business Day at least one Business Day in the case of ABR Loans and at least three Business Days in the case of Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans, in each case, after the date hereof, provided that any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on a certain day only if given not later than 1 00 p.m. (New York City time) in the case of ABR Loans and not later than 12 00 p.m. (New York City time) in the case of Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans on such day. 

Borrowing of ABR Loans Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one week one two three six twelve months . 9,10 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that no Event of Default has occurred and will be continuing on the date of the Proposed Conversion Continuation . 11 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 1 Interest Period of twelve months only available with the consent of each Lender. 
 2 In the event that either (x) only a portion of the Outstanding Borrowing is to be so converted or continued or (y) the Outstanding Borrowing is to be divided into separate Borrowings with different Interest Periods, the Borrower should make appropriate modifications to this clause to reflect the same. 
 3 In the case of a Proposed Conversion or Continuation, insert this sentence only in the event that the conversion is from an ABR Loan to a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan or in the case of a continuation of a Eurodollar Term Benchmark Loan. 
 Page 2 

Borrower has caused this Interest Election Request to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized Responsible Officer as of the date first written above. 
 Very truly yours, 
 DOORDASH, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Interest Election Request 

EXHIBIT D-1 
 FORM OF 
 REVOLVING LOAN NOTE 
 New York, New York 
 _________ __, ____, 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, DOORDASH, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to or its registered assigns (the Revolving Lender ), in dollars, in immediately available funds, at the office of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (the Administrative Agent located at on the Maturity Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) the unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) made by the Revolving Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, payable at such times and in such amounts as are specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 Borrower promises also to pay to the Revolving Lender interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan incurred by Borrower from the Revolving Lender in like money at said office from the date such Revolving Loan is made until paid at the rates and at the times provided in Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement. 
 This Note is one of the Revolving Loan Notes referred to in the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), among Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender, and is entitled to the benefits thereof and of the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Credit Agreement). As provided in the Credit Agreement, this Note is subject to voluntary prepayment, in whole or in part, prior to the Maturity Date and the Revolving Loans may be converted from one Type (as defined in the Credit Agreement) into another Type to the extent provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 In case an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement) shall occur and be continuing, the principal of and accrued interest on this Note may be declared to be due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind in connection with this Note. 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 Page 2 2 of 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Page 3 3 of 

EXHIBIT D-2 
 FORM OF 
 SWING LINE NOTE 
 New York, New York 
 _________ __, ____, 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, DOORDASH, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to or its registered assigns (the Swing Line Lender ), in dollars, in immediately available funds, at the office of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (the Administrative Agent located at on the Maturity Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) the unpaid principal amount of all Swing Line Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) made by the Swing Line Lender to Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, payable at such times and in such amounts as are specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 Borrower promises also to pay to the Swing Line Lender interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Swing Line Loan incurred by Borrower from the Swing Line Lender in like money at said office from the date such Swing Line Loan is made until paid at the rates and at the times provided in Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement. 
 This Note is one of the Swing Loan Notes referred to in the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), among Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender, and is entitled to the benefits thereof and of the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Credit Agreement). As provided in the Credit Agreement, this Note is subject to voluntary prepayment, in whole or in part, prior to the Maturity Date. 
 In case an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement) shall occur and be continuing, the principal of and accrued interest on this Note may be declared to be due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind in connection with this Note. 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 Page 4 4 of 

DOORDASH, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Page 5 5 of 

EXHIBIT E 
 FORM OF 
 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 This Compliance Certificate is delivered to you pursuant to Section 5.1(c) of the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), by and among DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent (together with its permitted successors in such capacity, Administrative Agent ), Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender. 
 1. I am the duly elected, qualified and acting Chief Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer Treasurer Controller of Borrower Holdings . 12 
 2. I have reviewed and am familiar with the contents of this Certificate. I am providing this Compliance Certificate solely in my capacity as an officer of Borrower Holdings . 
 3. I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The financial statements for the fiscal quarter year of Borrower Holdings ended ____ attached hereto as ANNEX 1 or otherwise delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the requirements of Section 5.1 of the Credit Agreement (the Financial Statements present fairly in all material respects as of the date of each such statement the financial condition and results of operations of Borrower Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied , subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 13 . 
 4. No Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date hereof , except for __________ 14 . 
 5. There has been no change in GAAP or in the application thereof applicable to Borrower Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.4 of the Credit Agreement that has had a material impact on the Financial Statements ,except for ______ , the effect of which on the Financial Statements has been _________ 15 . 
 6. Attached hereto as ANNEX 2 is the computation showing (in reasonable detail) Liquidity of the Loan Parties as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter covered by the financial statements. I hereby certify that the conditions to borrowing set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of Section 4.2 of the Credit Agreement are satisfied as of the Computation Date (as defined in ANNEX 2). 16 

1 Compliance Certificate to be delivered by Holdings upon and after the consummation of a Holdco Transaction. 
 2 To be included only if the Compliance Certificate is certifying the quarterly financials. 
 3 Specify the details of any Default, if any, and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 4 If and to the extent that any change in GAAP that has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.4 of the Credit Agreement had an impact on such financial statements, specify the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying this Compliance Certificate. 
 5 To be included if the amount of Available Revolving Commitments set forth in ANNEX 2 is greater than 0. 
 Page 6 6 of 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Compliance Certificate as of the date first written above. 
 DOORDASH, INC. Holdings 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Page 7 7 of 

ANNEX 1 
 Applicable Financial Statements to be attached if applicable 
 
 Page 8 8 of 

ANNEX 2 
 The information described herein is as of ________, ____ 17 (the Computation Date and, except as otherwise indicated below, pertains to the period from the Effective Date _________, ____ 18 to the Computation Date. 
 Liquidity 
 a. (i) Unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents plus (ii) Marketable Securities held by Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 b. Available Revolving Commitments 
 c. Sum of line a and line b 

1 Insert the last day of the respective fiscal quarter or fiscal year covered by the financial statements which are required to be accompanied by this Compliance Certificate. 
 2 Insert the Effective Date, in the case of the first Compliance Certificate and thereafter, the first day of the most recently completed fiscal quarter of Borrower Holdings ended on the Computation Date. 
 Page 9 9 of 

EXHIBIT F 
 FORM OF 
 MATURITY DATE EXTENSION REQUEST 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent for the Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement referred to below 
 10 South Dearborn, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2003 
 Attention JPMorgan Loan Services (Telecopy No. Email 
 Date 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), by and among DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent (together with its permitted successors in such capacity, Administrative Agent ), Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender. In accordance with Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby requests (i) an extension of the Maturity Date from ________ , 20 __ to ________ , 20 __ , (ii) the following changes to the Applicable Rate to be applied in determining the interest payable on Loans of, and fees payable under the Credit Agreement to, Consenting Lenders in respect of that portion of their Commitments (and related Loans) extended to such new Maturity Date, which changes shall become effective on ________ , 20 __ and (iii) the amendments or modifications to the terms of the Credit Agreement to be effected in connection with this Maturity Date Extension Request as set forth below, which amendments shall become effective on ________ , 20 __ 
 ________ . 
 DOORDASH, INC., as Borrower 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Page 10 10 of 

The undersigned consents to the requested amendments to the terms of the Credit Agreement and further consents (a) in its capacity as a Lender, to the requested extension of the Maturity Date with respect to ___ of its Commitments and (b) in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, to the requested extension of the Maturity Date with respect to ____ of its Issuing Bank Sublimit. 
 Name of Institution , as Lender and Issuing Bank , 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 For any Institution requiring a second signature line 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Page 11 11 of 

EXHIBIT G 
 FORM OF 
 COUNTERPART AGREEMENT 
 This Counterpart Agreement, dated ______ (this Counterpart Agreement is delivered pursuant to that certain the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), by and among DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), the Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent (together with its permitted successors in such capacity, Administrative Agent ), Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender. 
 Section 1. Pursuant to Section 5.10 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned (the New Guarantor hereby 
 (a) agrees that this Counterpart Agreement may be attached to the Credit Agreement and that by the execution and delivery hereof, the undersigned becomes a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement and agrees to be bound by all of the terms thereof with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor and 
 (b) represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement (other than such representations and warranties that relate solely to facts and conditions as of the Effective Date) and applicable to the undersigned is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof provided that in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof. 
 Section 2. Neither this Counterpart Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated, except by an instrument in writing signed by the party (including, if applicable, any party required to evidence its consent to or acceptance of this Counterpart Agreement) against whom enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination is sought. Any notice or other communication herein required or permitted to be given shall be given to the Borrower in accordance with Section 10.1 of the Credit Agreement. In case any provision in or obligation under this Counterpart Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF SECTION 10.9(B) OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE HEREIN AS IF FULLY SET FORTH HEREIN. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 Page 12 12 of 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Counterpart Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the date above first written. 
 NAME OF NEW GUARANTOR 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 ACKNOWLEDGED AND ACCEPTED, as of the date above first written 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as the Administrative Agent 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Page 13 13 of 

EXHIBIT H 
 FORM OF 
 SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE 
 Date 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES AS FOLLOWS 
 1. I am the title of a Financial Officer of DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ). 
 2. Reference is made to Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, extended and or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined), by and among Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), the Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent (together with its permitted successors in such capacity, Administrative Agent ), Issuing Bank and Swing Line Lender. 
 3. I have reviewed the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents and the contents of this Solvency Certificate and, in connection herewith, have reviewed such other documentation and information and, in my opinion, have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable me to express an informed opinion as to the matters referred to herein. 
 4. Based upon my review and examination described in paragraph 3 above, I certify in my capacity as an officer of Borrower and not in any individual capacity that, as of the date hereof, Borrower is, individually and together with its Restricted Subsidiaries, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (assuming for this purpose that the full amount of the Commitments is drawn on the date hereof), Solvent. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 Page 14 14 of 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his her name as of the date first above written. 
 DOORDASH, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title Financial Officer 
 
 Page 15 15 of 

EXHIBIT I-1 to 
 Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF 
 PORTFOLIO INTEREST CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is made to that certain Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020, among DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and for the Lenders thereunder (as modified, supplemented, extended, amended, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 
 Page 16 16 of 

NAME OF LENDER 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date ________ __, 20 __ 
 
 Page 17 17 of 

EXHIBIT I-2 to 
 Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF 
 PORTFOLIO INTEREST CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is made to that certain Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020, among DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders thereunder (as modified, supplemented, extended, amended, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 
 Page 18 18 of 

NAME OF PARTICIPANT 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date ________ __, 20 __ 
 
 Page 19 19 of 

EXHIBIT I-3 to 
 Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF 
 PORTFOLIO INTEREST CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is made to that certain Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020, among DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders thereunder (as modified, supplemented, extended, amended, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect to such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners members is a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partner s member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 
 Page 20 20 of 

NAME OF PARTICIPANT 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date ________ __, 20 __ 
 
 Page 21 21 of 

EXHIBIT I-4 to 
 Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF 
 PORTFOLIO INTEREST CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is made to that certain Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020, among DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders thereunder (as modified, supplemented, extended, amended, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners members is a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partner s member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 
 Page 22 22 of 

NAME OF LENDER 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date ________ __, 20 __ 
 
 Page 23 23 of 

EXHIBIT J 
 FORM OF 
 CERTIFICATION REGARDING BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
 OF LEGAL ENTITY CUSTOMERS 
 I. GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS 
 What is this form 
 To help the U.S. government fight financial crime, federal regulation requires certain financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information about the beneficial owners of legal entity customers. Legal entities can be abused to disguise involvement in terrorist financing, money laundering, tax evasion, corruption, fraud, and other financial crimes. Requiring the disclosure of key individuals who own or control a legal entity (i.e., the beneficial owners) helps U.S. law enforcement investigate and prosecute these crimes. 
 Who has to complete this form 
 This form must be completed by the person opening a new account on behalf of a legal entity with a bank, a broker or dealer in securities, or certain other types of U.S. financial institution, and the form must be completed at the time each new account is opened. For these purposes, opening a new account includes establishing a formal relationship with a broker-dealer or lender to effect transactions in securities or for the extension of credit. 
 For the purposes of this form, a legal entity includes a corporation, limited liability company, or other entity that is created by a filing of a public document with a Secretary of State or similar office, a general partnership, and any similar business entity formed in the United States or any other country. Legal entity does not include sole proprietorships, unincorporated associations, or natural persons opening accounts on their own behalf. 
 What information do I have to provide 
 This form requires you to provide the name, address, date of birth and Social Security number (or passport number or other similar information, in the case of non-U.S. persons) for the following individuals (i.e., the beneficial owners 
 (i) A single individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity customer (e.g., a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, or Treasurer) and 
 (ii) Each individual, if any, who owns, directly or indirectly, 25 or more of the equity interests of the legal entity customer (e.g., each natural person who owns 25 or more of the shares of a corporation). 
 The number of individuals that satisfy this definition of beneficial owner may vary. Under section (i), only one individual needs to be identified. Under section (ii), depending on the factual circumstances, up to four individuals (but as few as zero) may need to be identified. It is possible that in some circumstances the same individual might be identified under both sections (e.g., the President of Acme, Inc. who also holds a 30 equity interest). Thus, a completed form will contain the identifying information of at least one individual (under section (i)), and up to five individuals (i.e., one individual under section (i) and four 25 equity holders under section (ii)). 
 This form also requires you to provide copies of (1) the legal formation document for each legal entity (i.e., the issuer, borrower, or selling securityholder) listed on this form (e.g., Certificate of Incorporation, LLC Agreement, Partnership Agreement, etc.), and (2) a driver s license, passport or other identifying document for each beneficial owner listed on this form. 
 Page 24 24 of 

II. EXCLUSIONS (IF APPLICABLE) 
 If you believe the legal entity listed in Section III, paragraph (b) below falls under an express exclusion from the legal entity customer definition under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230(e)(2), please check the box below and identify the applicable exclusion 
 An exclusion applies to the legal entity identified in paragraph (b) of Section III below. 
 Applicable exclusion 
 If the box above is checked, please skip paragraphs (c) and (d) of Section III below. 
 III. IDENTIFICATION OF BENEFICIAL OWNER(S) 
 For the benefit of each of the financial institutions involved in the applicable sale of securities or extension of credit for which this certification is provided, the following information is hereby provided on behalf of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder legal entity customer listed below 
 a. Individual Opening Account . Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account and Completing Certification on Behalf of Legal Entity Customer 
 
 b. Legal Entity Customer . Name, Type, and Principal Business Address of Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder Legal Entity Customer for Which the Account is Being Opened 
 Each of the entities identified on Annex I hereto 
 
 Please attach a copy of the legal formation document for each legal entity listed above (e.g., Certificate of Incorporation, LLC Agreement, Partnership Agreement, etc.). 
 c. Control Prong . The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder legal entity customer listed above, such as 
 An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer) or 
 Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
 Page 25 25 of 

Name Title Date of Birth Address (Residential or Business Street Address) 
 For U.S. Persons Social Security Number 
 For Non-U.S. Persons Social Security Number, Passport Number and Country of Issuance, or other similar identification number 19 
 
 Please attach copies of a driver s license, passport or other identifying document for each individual listed above. 
 d. Ownership Equity Prong . The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 25 or more of the equity interests of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder legal entity customer listed above 
 Name Date of Birth Address (Residential or Business Street Address) For U.S. Persons Social Security Number 
 For Non-U.S. Persons Social Security Number, Passport Number and Country of Issuance, or other similar identification number 20 
 
 (If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
 Please attach copies of a driver s license, passport or other identifying document for each individual listed above. 
 Equity Owner Not Applicable (Please check this box if there is no individual who owns 25 or more of the equity interest of the legal entity listed above.) 

1 In lieu of a passport number, non-U.S. persons may also provide a Social Security Number, an alien identification card number, or number and country of issuance of any other government-issued document evidencing nationality or residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard. 
 2 In lieu of a passport number, non-U.S. persons may also provide a Social Security Number, an alien identification card number, or number and country of issuance of any other government-issued document evidencing nationality or residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard. 
 Page 26 26 of 

IV. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT SIGNATURE 
 I, _______________________, in my capacity as ___________________ of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder listed above and not in my individual capacity, hereby 
 (a) acknowledge and authorize on behalf of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder and each beneficial owner identified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of Section III above that this certification and the attachments hereto may be provided to each of the financial institutions involved in the applicable sale of securities or extension of credit 
 (b) agree on behalf of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder identified above, from the date hereof until the closing of the applicable sale of securities or the termination of the agreement providing for the applicable extension of credit, as the case may be, to notify each of the financial institutions involved in such transaction of any change in the information provided herein that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in paragraph (c) or (d) of Section III above 
 (c) agree on behalf of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder identified above, upon request by or on behalf of the financial institutions involved in the applicable sale of securities or extension of credit, to provide documentation supporting any applicable exclusion identified in Section II above and 
 (d) certify, to the best of my knowledge, that the information provided above is complete and correct. 
 Signature Date 
 Legal Entity Identifier (Optional) 
 
 Page 27 27 of 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 dash-ex211fy2210xk.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF DOORDASH, INC. 1 
 
 Name of Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation Wolt Enterprises Oy Finland DoorDash G&C, LLC Delaware (United States) 

1 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of certain subsidiaries of DoorDash, Inc. are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the date hereof. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 dash-exx231fy2210xk.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 DoorDash, Inc. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-251242, 333-253941, 333-263125, and 333-265306) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of DoorDash, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 dash-exx311fy2210xk.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Tony Xu, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DoorDash, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Tony Xu Name Tony Xu Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 dash-exx312fy2210xk.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Prabir Adarkar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DoorDash, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Prabir Adarkar 
 Name Prabir Adarkar Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 dash-exx321fy2210xk.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Tony Xu, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of DoorDash, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of DoorDash, Inc. 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Tony Xu Name Tony Xu Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Prabir Adarkar, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of DoorDash, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of DoorDash, Inc. 
 Date February 24, 2023 By s Prabir Adarkar Name Prabir Adarkar Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 dash-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 dash-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 dash-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 dash-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 dash-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

