<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1817511_0001607062-23-000144.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14406423</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>393083</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1922756</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5306025</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2882456</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3480495</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607062-23-000144.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322195651
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607062-23-000144
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOCIETY PASS INCORPORATED.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817511
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				831019155
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41037
		FILM NUMBER:		23754193

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 GONDOLIERS BLUFF
		CITY:			NEWPORT COAST
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92657
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9493009898

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 GONDOLIERS BLUFF
		CITY:			NEWPORT COAST
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92657

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607062-23-000144.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 sopa123122form10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

 FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

 Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from _____ to _____ 

 Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

Address, including zip code, of registrant s principal executive offices and 

 telephone
number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer
 
 Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes 

 The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the
last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price of the common stock
as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market on such date was approximately 30.4 million. 

 The
number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, on March 21, 2023 was . 

1 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 27 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 29 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 106 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 106 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 106 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 106 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 111 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 113 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 114 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 115 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 116 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 Statements
made in this report that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking
statements, and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include information concerning possible or assumed future results
of operations, including descriptions of our business plan and strategies. These statements often include words such as anticipate, 
 expect, suggest, plan, believe, intend, project, forecast, 
 estimates, targets, projections, should, could, would, 
 may, might, will, and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are contained
throughout this Annual Report, including the sections entitled Risk Factors , Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business . " 

 We
base these forward-looking statements or projections on our current expectations, plans, and assumptions, which we have made in light
of our experience in the industry, as well as our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments,
and other factors we believe, are appropriate under the circumstances and at this time. As you read and consider this Annual Report, you
should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. The forward-looking statements and projections contained
herein are subject to and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements or projections. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements and projections are based on reasonable assumptions
at the time they are made, you should be aware that many factors could affect our actual financial results, and therefore actual results
might differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements and projections. Factors that might materially affect such
forward-looking statements and projections include: 

Our
 ability to effectively operate our business segments; 

Our
 ability to manage our operating expenses and the costs associated with growth and expansion; 

Our
 ability to compete, directly and indirectly, and succeed in highly competitive and evolving e-commerce market; 

Our
 ability to protect our intellectual property and to develop, maintain and enhance a strong brand; and 

Other
 factors (including the risks contained in the section of this Annual Report entitled Item 1A: Risk Factors ")
 relating to our industry, our operations, and results of operations. 

The
preceding list is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all of our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based
on our beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of future performance, taking into account the information currently available to us. These
statements are only predictions based upon our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that
could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance, or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity,
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Other sections of this Annual Report may include
additional factors that could adversely impact our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and
rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor
can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Factors or events that could cause our
actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the
United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

3 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

 Our
business is subject to a number of risks. You should be aware of these risks before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed
more fully in Item 1A: Risk Factors in this Annual Report. These risks include, among others, that: 

We have a limited
operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we
will not be successful; 

If we fail to raise
capital when needed it will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations; 

We rely on internet
search engines and application marketplaces to drive traffic to our Platform, certain providers of which offer products and services
that compete directly with our products. If links to our applications and website are not displayed prominently, traffic to our Platform
could decline and our business would be adversely affected; 

The ecommerce market
is highly competitive and if the Company does not have sufficient resources to maintain marketing, sales and client support efforts on
a competitive basis our business could be adversely affected; 

Delays in the implementation
of or lack of consumer acceptance of Society Points could have a material adverse effect on our business; 

If the Company
is unable to expand its systems or develop or acquire technologies to accommodate increased volume, its Platform could be impaired; 

The Company s
failure to successfully market its brands could result in adverse financial consequences; 

A decline in the
demand for goods and services marketed on the Platform could result in adverse financial consequences; 

We may be required
to expend resources to protect Platform information or we may be unable to launch our services; 

The Company plans
to engage in acquisition activity, which could have adverse effects on its business; 

We rely on the
performance of highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business
could be harmed; 

All of our operations
are overseas; 

We are subject
to changes in the economic, political, or legal environment of Southeast Asia SEA 

Many of the economies
in SEA are experiencing substantial inflationary pressures which may increase inflation rates and prompt the governments to take action
to control the growth of the economy and inflation that could lead to a significant decrease in our profitability; 

Our business will
be exposed to foreign exchange risk; 

Geopolitical unrest
could adversely affect our business; 

Our business may
be materially adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic; 

The payment processing
regulatory regimes of the countries in which we operate could have adverse consequences on our business; 

Regulation of the
internet generally could have adverse consequences on our business; 

We may be exposed
to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could
have a material adverse effect on our business; 

We cannot assure
you that an active trading market will exist in the near future; 

We may not be able
to maintain a listing of our common stock; 

As a controlled
company under the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market, we may choose to exempt our company from certain corporate governance requirements
that could have an adverse effect on our public shareholders; 

Our financial controls
and procedures may not be sufficient to ensure timely and reliable reporting of financial information, which, as a public company, could
materially harm our stock price; and 

We are an emerging
growth company under the JOBS Act of 2012 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

4 

PART
I 

 Item
1. Business 

 Overview 

 We
are, through the operation and acquisition of fintech and e-commerce platforms and mobile applications through our direct and indirect
wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries, building the next generation digital ecosystem and loyalty platform in the Southeast Asian SEA countries of Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia, Philippines and Thailand. 

 The
Company currently markets to both consumers and merchants in SEA while maintaining an administrative headquarters in Singapore and a
software development center in Philippines. We continue to expand our fintech and e-commerce ecosystem throughout the rest of SEA by
making selective acquisitions of leading e-commerce companies and applications and through strategic partnerships with technology providers
in SEA. Material acquisitions to date include: 

In February 2021, we acquired an online lifestyle platform
of Leflair branded assets (the Leflair Assets ). 

In February 2022, we acquired New Retail Experience Incorporated NREI and Dream Space Company Limited Dream Space in February 2022 to operate food delivery companies,
Pushkart in the Philippines and Handycart in Vietnam, respectively. 

In May 2022, we acquired Gorilla Networks Pte Ltd and subsidiaries
in May 2022 to operate a mobile telecommunications company in Singapore. 

In July 2022, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Thoughtful
Media Group Incorporated TMG ), a Nevada corporation, we acquired a digital marketing company with significant operations
in Thailand and the United States. 

In July 2022, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, NREI, we
acquired the assets of Mangan PH Food Delivery Services Corp., a corporation registered in Philippines, (the Mangan
Assets ). 

In August 2022, we acquired majority control of Singapore-incorporated
Nusatrip International Pte Ltd and 100 of the outstanding shares of Indonesia-incorporated PT Tunas Sukses Mandiri, together the Nusatrip
Group , that give us ownership and operational control of the online and offline Nusatrip travel services marketing platform. 

In December 2022, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Thoughtful
Media Group Incorporated TMG ), a Nevada corporation, we acquired PT Wahana Cerita Indonesia (a/k/a More Media), an Indonesia-based
creative design and branding company. 

We operate six verticals in
SEA: loyalty, lifestyle, food and beverage delivery, telecommunications, digital media, and travel as we try to create the next generation
digital ecosystem and loyalty platform. 

5 

Loyalty 

 The
Group spent over two years building a cutting edge, proprietary IT architecture to effectively scale and support our ecosystem s
companies, consumers and merchants (the Platform ). Using our Society Pass loyalty platform, which we plan to introduce in
2023, consumers may earn, and merchants may issue, loyalty points or Society Points across our subsidiaries. The Company
aggregates data generated across various touch points, builds a realistic view of consumer behavior and uses this data to increase sales
across our ecosystem by: cross-pollinating acquired companies with other existing verticals, customer re-targeting, offline and online
behavior prediction and cross promotions and loyalty points. The Company ecosystem becomes a key enabler for our users by converting this
aggregation of data into creation of loyalty for our ecosystem companies to generate revenue: 

More revenue generation
for merchants leads to creation of customer loyalty; 

More customer loyalty
creation leads to more consumers for merchants; 

More consumers
for merchants lead to greater revenues for merchants, which results in 

Virtuous cycle
of revenue generation and loyalty creation. 

Lifestyle 

 The
Group operates an online lifestyle business in Vietnam to enable the consumers to purchase high-end brands of all categories under its
own brand name of Leflair . Consumers search or review their favorite brands among hundreds of choices in Apparel, Bags 
Shoes, Accessories, Health Beauty, Home Lifestyle, International, Women, Men and Kids Babies categories. The platform
also allows consumers to order from hundreds of vendor choices with personalized promotions based on purchase history and location. The
platform has also partnered up with a Vietnam-based delivery company, Amilo, to offer seamless delivery of product from merchant to consumer s
home or office at the touch of a button. Consumers can place orders for delivery or collect at the Company s logistics center. 

 Grocery
and Food Delivery 

 The
Group operates several online platforms in Vietnam, under the brand name
of Handycart , and in the Philippines, under the brand names of Pushkart and Mangan , to enable
the consumers to purchase meals from restaurants and food from local grocery and food merchants and deliver to them in their area. 

 Telecommunications 

 The
Company operates a Singapore-based online telecommunication reseller platform
under the brand name of Gorilla to enable the consumers to subscribe local mobile data and overseas internet data in a different
subscription package. Established in Singapore in 2019, Gorilla offers a full suite of mobile communication services such as local calls,
international roaming, data, and SMS texting and network coverage in over 150 countries. Gorilla temporarily suspended providing local
service in Singapore while it updates its operating software. 

 Digital
Media 

 The
acquisition of a digital media platform, TMG, amplifies the reach and engagement of the Company s e-commerce ecosystem and retail
partners. Originally founded in 2010, TMG today creates and distributes digital advertising campaigns across its multi-channel network
in both SEA and the US. With its intimate knowledge of local markets, digital marketing technology tools and social commerce business
focus, advertisers leverage TMG s wide influencer network throughout SEA to market and sell advertising inventory exclusively with
specific placement and effect. 

 As
a result, Thoughtful Media s content creator partners earn a larger share of advertising revenues from international consumer brands.
Thoughtful Media s data-rich multi-channel network has uploaded over 675,000 videos with over 80 billion video views. The current
network of 263 YouTube channels has onboarded over 85 million subscribers with an average monthly viewership of over 600 million views. 

6 

Travel 

 The
Company purchased the Nusatrip Group, a leading Jakarta-based Online Travel Agency OTA in Indonesia and across SEA. The
Nusatrip acquisition extended SoPa s business reach into SEA regional travel industry and marked the Company s first foray
into Indonesia. Established in 2013 as the first Indonesian OTA accredited by the International Air Transport Association, Nusatrip
pioneered offering a comprehensive range of airlines and hotels to Indonesian corporate and retail customers. With its first mover advantage,
Nusatrip has onboarded over 1.2 million registered users, over 500 airlines and over 200,000 hotels around the world as well as connected
with over 80 million unique visitors. 

 As of March 21, 2023,
we have onboarded over 3.3 million registered consumers and over 200,000 registered merchants/brands on our Platform. 

 Corporate
Structure 

 Society
Pass Incorporated (formerly named Food Society, Inc.) is a Nevada corporation that was incorporated on June 22, 2018. We operate through
our subsidiaries. Our material operating subsidiaries include: 

 Leflair
Incorporated, a Nevada corporation owned by the Company which was formed on December 1, 2021. Leflair Incorporated owns 100 of SOPA Technology
Co Ltd, a company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Vietnam on October 1, 2019. SOPA Technology Co Ltd operates the Leflair
platform. 

 PT
Tunas Sukses Mandiri, a wholly-owned subsidiary existing under the law of the Republic of Indonesia, and Nusatrip International Pte Ltd.,
a Singapore subsidiary that is owned 75 by the Company, with two subsidiaries. These companies are engaged in online travel ticketing
and reservation services. 

 Thoughtful
Media Group Incorporated, a Nevada corporation, which owns digital marketing companies with significant operations in Thailand and other
countries in SEA. Thoughtful Media Group Incorporated primarily operates through AdActive Media CA Inc., a California corporation, and
Thoughtful (Thailand) Co. Ltd, a Thai corporation owned 99.75 by the Company. 

 Gorilla
Networks Pte Ltd, a wholly owned Singapore corporation that owns several subsidiaries, including Gorilla Mobile Singapore Pte. Ltd. 

 New
Retail Experience Incorporated, a wholly-owned subsidiary in the Philippines, which operates Pushkart and another food delivery platform
through Mangan PH Food Delivery Services Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary in the Philippines. 

 Follow-on
Public Offering 

 On
February 11, 2022, we closed a public offering of 3,484,845 shares of our common and warrants to purchase 3,484,845 shares of our common
stock (including the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option) at a public offering price of 3.30 per share and
warrant to purchase one share of common stock. We received aggregate proceeds from the public offering of 11.5 million before deducting
underwriting fees and commission and other offering expenses. 

 Our
Market Opportunity 

 We
expect that continued strong economic expansion, robust population growth, rising level of urbanization, the emergence of the middle class
and the increasing rate of adoption of mobile technology provide market opportunities for our Company in SEA. As of 2020, SEA gross domestic
product GDP totaled 3.1 trillion. In comparison, the respective GDP for both the European Union EU and
the United States US totaled 15 trillion and 20.8 trillion in 2020. SEA has experienced rapid economic growth rates
in recent years, far exceeding growth in major world economies such as Japan, the EU and the US. According to the International Monetary
Fund IMF since 2010, SEA has averaged 4.6 GDP growth, compared to 0.7 for Japan, 0.8 for the EU and 1.7 for the US. 

 SEA
continues to enjoy robust population growth. The United Nations Population Division estimates that the population of the SEA countries
in 2000 was approximately 525 million people growing to 668 million in 2020. 

7 

And
despite the ongoing effects from the Covid-19 pandemic, the Internet economy continues to boom in SEA. According to Google Temasek e-Conomy
SEA 2020 Report, Internet usage in the region increased with 40 million new users added in 2020 for a total of 400 million compared to
360 million in 2019. Seventy percent of SEA s population is now online, compared to approximately twenty percent in 2009. In addition,
SEA mobile Internet penetration now reaches more than 67 . E-commerce, online media and food delivery adoption and usage surged with the
total value of goods and services sold via the Internet, or gross merchandise value GMV ), in SEA, expected to reach more
than 100 billion by year end 2020 according to Google, Temasek, Bain SEA Report 2020. In fact, the SEA Internet sector GMV is forecast
to grow to over 300 billion by 2025. 

 We
believe that these ongoing positive economic and demographic trends in SEA propelled demand for our Platform. 

 We
incurred net losses of 34,015,022 and 34,864,740 in fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Our
Growth Strategy 

 Acquiring
other e-Commerce companies and applications in SEA 

 To
complement our organic growth strategy, we will continue to opportunistically acquire regional e-commerce companies and applications to
drive revenues and increase the number of registered consumers and merchants in our SoPa ecosystem throughout SEA with particular focuses
on Vietnam, Philippines and Indonesia. Our anticipated investments and acquisitions of other e-commerce platforms and applications in
different verticals are expected to expand our service offerings and attract new consumers and merchants. 

 Launching
our Loyalty System 

 In
2023, we intend to market our unique merchant agnostic and universal Society Points to generate additional revenues for merchants and
create permanent customer loyalty in SEA. For consumers, Society Points will offer them both a cashless payment option and the ability
to spend bonus points accumulated from one consumer vertical such as lifestyle to a separate one such as travel. 

 Entering
into Strategic Partnerships 

 In
2022, the Company entered into agreements to expand its e-commerce business. Strategic partnerships are vital to the strategy and
operations of Society Pass ecosystem as they enable our Platform to offer more value-added services to both our consumers and merchants.
We are constructing a regional loyalty alliance comprising of synergistic merchant partners. Through our partnerships, we gain access
to our partners clients and users at minimal cost where possible and to proliferate the usage of Society Points (when available).
From our partnerships, we also enhance our offerings like reliable delivery services through our relationships with delivery service providers
and vendor financing options through our partnerships with financial institutions. Our marketing approach to engage strategic partners
focuses on the benefits of joining our Loyalty Alliance, stressing the ability to access a larger pool of consumers and clients while
reducing marketing expenses via joint marketing efforts like press interviews, brochures and co-branding initiatives with merchants. 

 Maximizing
the value of consumer transactions 

 Growing
our consumer base, converting registered consumers into active ones, increasing transaction frequency, and maximizing basket sizes are
key growth drivers for our verticals. We are growing our base of registered consumers through a multi-pronged marketing approach across
social media, emails, SMS, QR codes, tailored promotional campaigns and public relations engagement. We believe that by serving consumers
in all aspects of their daily lives, we create more opportunities to cross-sell and thus maximize our consumer wallet share. 

8 

Expanding
service offerings to merchants 

 Merchants
are a critical component of our business, thus growing our registered merchant base and serving them with desirable technology and marketing
solutions to improve sales, cut costs, and realize operational efficiencies. We onboard merchants through marketing outreach tools such
as our websites, public relations, social media and focused sales efforts. In our marketing messages, we attract merchants to our ecosystem
by offering them access to our growing consumer base as well as numerous opportunities to optimize their sales, including enhanced customer
loyalty through the expected launch of our Society Points in 2023. 

 Expectation
of Competition 

 We
operate a loyalty-focused e-commerce ecosystem operates in several verticals. Across these verticals, we compete with other online platforms
for merchants, who can sell their products on other platforms or marketplaces. 

 We
also compete with other e-commerce platforms, fashion retailers and restaurants for the attention of the consumer. Consumers have the
choice of shopping with any online or offline retailers, large marketplaces or restaurant chains that may also have the ability to build
their own independent online platforms. We are able to compete for consumers based on our ability to deliver a personalized e-commerce
experience with easy-to-use mobile apps, well-integrated payments and a reliable platform. 

 Intellectual
Property Matters 

 The
Company technology and platform comprise of various copyrightable and/or patentable subject matter owned and/or licensed by the Company s
wholly-owned subsidiary, Society Technology LLC Society Technology ), a Nevada limited liability company. Our intellectual
property assets additionally include trade secrets associated with the software platform. We successfully carried out development of our
multilayer cloud-based software platform from reliance on third parties for payment and loyalty points deployment. As a result, we can
monetize our software by making it available in Apple Store and Google Play and compatible with existing payment systems depending on
the country s regulatory requirements. 

 The
Company is currently focusing on using its intellectual property in SEA. 

 With
regard to exclusive and non-exclusive licenses, there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated
conditions or restrictions on the Company s platform. Additionally, if portions of our proprietary software are determined to be
subject to an open-source license, or if we do not correctly comply with the terms of the open-source software licenses applicable to
our open-source software and technology, it could result in costly litigation or lead to negative public relations. 

 Occasionally,
the Company may be targeted with patent infringement lawsuits or copyright infringement lawsuits. These cases may be brought by non-practicing
entities that sustain themselves by suing other companies. Currently, the Company is not aware of any patent or copyright infringement
suits against it, or contemplated to be brought against it. 

 Trademarks 

 The
Company is the owner of multiple registered and common law trademarks in connection with its technology and its services. The names and
marks Society Pass , SOPA , Leflair , #HOTTAB and other trademarks, trade names,
and service marks of Society Pass in this Annual Report are the property of Society Pass or its subsidiaries. 

 The
Company arranges the registration of trademarks, trade names, and service marks in the name of Society Technology LLC, its wholly-owned
subsidiary created for the purposes of managing all intellectual property matters of the Company. It is not the intent of this Annual
Report to delineate each and every trademarkable matter of the Company owned through Society Technology. Without prejudice to the generality
of foregoing, Society Technology is, inter alia, the owner of the registered trademarks Society Pass , SOPA ,
 Leflair and #HOTTAB in connection with artificial intelligence software, electronic payment services, loyalty
programs, SaaS platforms, and other subsets of the Company s business. Society Pass has 12 trademarks currently registered with
the United States Patents and Trademark Office (the USPTO and has two applications with the USPTO pending. Further, Society
Technology filed and registered numerous trademarks with the trademark offices of Vietnam, India, Singapore, the Philippines, Malaysia,
Indonesia, and Thailand. 

9 

I tem
 1a. R isk Factors. 

 In
evaluating our Company and our business, y ou should
carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes and in the section titled Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described
in these risk factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have a material adverse effect on our business,
reputation, revenue, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, in which case the market price of our common stock
could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. The material and other risks and uncertainties described below and elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. 

 Risks
Related to Our Business 

 We
have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the
risk that we will not be successful. 

 The
Company has a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of its business and prospects. The Company is subject to all the
risks inherent in a small company seeking to develop, acquire, market and distribute new services, particularly companies in evolving
markets such as the internet, technology, and payment systems. The likelihood of the Company s success must be considered, in light
of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with the development, acquisition,
introduction, marketing and distribution of new products and services in a competitive environment. 

 Such
risks for the Company include, but are not limited to, dependence on the success and acceptance of the Company s services, the ability
to attract and retain a suitable client base, and the management of growth. To address these risks, the Company must, among other things,
generate increased demand, attract a sufficient clientele base, respond to competitive developments, increase the SoPa brand
name s visibility, successfully introduce new services, attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel and upgrade and enhance
the Company s technologies to accommodate expanded service offerings. In view of the rapidly evolving nature of the Company s
business and its limited operating history, the Company believes that period-to-period comparisons of its operating results are not necessarily
meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 

 The
Company is therefore subject to many of the risks common to early-stage enterprises, including the need for capital, personnel, and other
resources. 

 If
we fail to raise capital when needed it will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

 The
Company has early stage revenue-producing operations and in the future, could be required to raise capital through public or private financing
or other arrangements to execute its full business plan. The Company believes the proceeds from future offerings will be sufficient to
develop its intermediate plans. However, the Company can give no assurance that all, or even a significant portion of these shares will
be sold or, that the moneys raised will be sufficient to execute the entire business plan of the Company. Further, no assurance can be
given if additional capital is needed as to how much additional capital will be required or that additional financing can be obtained,
or if obtainable, that the terms will be satisfactory to the Company, or that such financing would not result in a substantial dilution
of shareholder s interest. A failure to raise capital when needed would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, debt and other debt financing may involve a pledge of assets and may be senior
to interests of equity holders. Any debt financing secured in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to capital raising
activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for the Company to obtain additional capital
or to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. If adequate funds are not obtained, when and if required, the Company
may be required to reduce, curtail, or discontinue operations. 

10 

We
rely on internet search engines and application marketplaces to drive traffic to our Platform, certain providers of which offer products
and services that compete directly with our products. If links to our applications and website are not displayed prominently, traffic
to our Platform could decline and our business would be adversely affected. 

 We
rely heavily on Internet search engines, such as Google, to drive traffic to, and market, our Platform through their unpaid search results
and on application marketplaces, such as Apple s App Store and Google s Play, to drive downloads of our applications. Although
search results and application marketplaces have allowed us to attract an audience with low organic traffic acquisition costs to date,
if they fail to drive sufficient traffic to our Platform, we may need to increase our marketing and spend to acquire additional traffic.
We cannot assure you that the value we ultimately derive from any such additional traffic would exceed the cost of acquisition, and any
increase in marketing expense may in turn harm our operating results. 

 The
amount of traffic we attract from search engines is due in large part to how and where information from and links to our website are displayed
on search engine result pages. The display, including rankings, of unpaid search results can be affected by a number of factors, many
of which are not in our direct control, and may change frequently. Search engines have made changes in the past to their ranking algorithms,
methodologies and design layouts that have reduced the prominence of links to our Platform and negatively impacted our traffic, and we
expect they will continue to make such changes from time to time in the future. Similarly, Apple, Google or other marketplace operators
may make changes to their marketplaces that make access to our products more difficult. For example, our applications may receive unfavorable
treatment compared to the promotion and placement of competing applications, such as the order in which they appear within marketplaces. 

 We
may not know how or otherwise be in a position to influence search results or our treatment in application marketplaces. With respect
to search results in particular, even when search engines announce the details of their methodologies, their parameters may change from
time to time, be poorly defined or be inconsistently interpreted. For example, Google previously announced that the rankings of sites
showing certain types of app install interstitials could be penalized on its mobile search results pages. While we believe the type of
interstitial we currently use is not being penalized, we cannot guarantee that Google will not unexpectedly penalize our app install interstitials,
causing links to our mobile website to be featured less prominently in Google s mobile search results and harming traffic to our
Platform as a result. 

 In
some instances, search engine companies and application marketplaces may change their displays or rankings in order to promote their own
competing products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. For example, Google has integrated its local
product offering with certain of its products, including search and maps. The resulting promotion of Google s own competing products
in its web search results has negatively impacted the search ranking of our website. Because Google in particular is the most significant
source of traffic to our website, accounting for a substantial portion of the visits to our website, our success depends on our ability
to maintain a prominent presence in search results for queries regarding local businesses on Google. As a result, Google s promotion
of its own competing products, or similar actions by Google in the future that have the effect of reducing our prominence or ranking on
its search results, could have a substantial negative effect on our business and results of operations. 

 The
ecommerce market is highly competitive and if the Company may does not have sufficient resources to maintain marketing, sales and client
support efforts on a competitive basis our business could be adversely affected. 

 The
internet-based ecommerce business is highly competitive and the Company competes with several different types of companies that offer
some form of user-vendor connection experience, payment processing and/or funds transfer content, as well as marketing data companies.
Certain of these competitors may have greater industry experience or financial and other resources than the Company. 

 To
become and remain competitive, the Company will require marketing, sales, and client support. The Company may not have sufficient resources
to maintain marketing, sales and client support efforts on a competitive basis which could materially and adversely affect the business,
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The Company intends to differentiate itself from competitors by developing
a payments platform that allows consumers and merchants to accept and use bonus points. 

 The
market for our vertical s offerings is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and the Company expects competition to intensify
further in the future. There is no guarantee that any factors that differentiate the Company from its competitors will give the Company
a market advantage or continue to be a differentiating factor for the Company in the foreseeable future. Competitive pressures created
by any one of the above-mentioned companies (and other direct or indirect competitors), or by the Company s competitors collectively,
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

11 

The
market for our Platform is new and unproven. 

 We
were founded in 2018 and since our inception have been creating products for the developing and rapidly evolving market for API-based
software platforms, a market that is largely unproven and is subject to a number of inherent risks and uncertainties. We believe that
our future success will depend in large part on the growth, if any, in the market for software platforms that provide features and functionality
to create next generation digital ecosystem and loyalty platform. It is difficult to predict customer adoption and renewal rates, customer
demand for our solutions, the size and growth rate of the overall market that our Platform addresses, the entry of competitive products
or the success of existing competitive products. Any expansion of the market our Platform addresses depends upon a number of factors,
including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with such solutions. If the market our Platform addresses does not achieve
significant additional growth or there is a reduction in demand for such solutions caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological
challenges, competing technologies and products or decreases in corporate spending, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Delays
in the implementation of or lack of consumer acceptance of Society Points could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 We
expect to launch Society Points in 2023 which will be a significant component to our SoPa consumer facing platform. However, if such launch
is delayed or there is not the expected consumer acceptance of Society Points by consumers, our business and financial prospects could
be materially and adversely affected. 

 If
we are unable to expand our systems or develop or acquire technologies to accommodate increased volume our Platform could be impaired. 

 We
seek to generate a high volume of traffic and transactions through our technologies. Accordingly, the satisfactory performance, reliability
and availability of the Company s website and platform, processing systems and network infrastructure are critical to our reputation
and our ability to attract and retain large numbers of users who transact sales on our platform while maintaining adequate customer service
levels. The Company s revenues depend, in substantial way, on the volume of user transactions that are successfully completed. Any
system interruptions that result in the unavailability of our service or reduced customer activity would ultimately reduce the volume
of transactions completed. Interruptions of service may also diminish the attractiveness of our company and its services. Any substantial
increase in the volume of traffic on our website or Platform or in the number of transactions being conducted by customers will require
us to expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to accurately project the rate or timing of increases, if any, in the use of our Platform or timely expand and upgrade our
systems and infrastructure to accommodate such increases in a timely manner. Any failure to expand or upgrade our systems could have a
material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 The
Company uses internally developed systems to operate its service. The Company must continually enhance and improve these systems in order
to accommodate the level of use of its products and services and increase its security. Furthermore, in the future, the Company may add
new features and functionality to its services that would result in the need to develop or license additional technologies. The Company s
inability to add new software and hardware to develop and further upgrade its existing technology, transaction processing systems or network
infrastructure to accommodate increased traffic on its platforms or increased transaction volume through its processing systems or to
provide new features or functionality may cause unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, degradation in levels of customer
service, impaired quality of the user s experience on the Company s service, and delays in reporting accurate financial information.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able in a timely manner to effectively upgrade and expand its systems or to integrate
smoothly any newly developed or purchased technologies with its existing systems. Any inability to do so would have a material adverse
effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

12 

The
Company s failure to successfully market its brands could result in adverse financial consequences. 

 The
Company believes that continuing to strengthen its brands is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of the Company, particularly
in light of the competitive nature of the Company s market. Promoting and positioning its brands will depend largely on the success
of the Company s marketing efforts and the ability of the Company to provide high quality services. In order to promote its brand,
the Company will need to increase its marketing budget and otherwise increase its financial commitment to creating and maintaining brand
loyalty among users. There can be no assurance that brand promotion activities will yield increased revenues or that any such revenues
would offset the expenses incurred by the Company in building its brand. Further, there can be no assurance that any new users attracted
to the Company will conduct transactions over the Company on a regular basis. If the Company fails to promote and maintain its brand or
incurs substantial expenses in an attempt to promote and maintain its brand or if the Company s existing or future strategic relationships
fail to promote the Company s brand or increase brand awareness, the Company s business, results of operations and financial
condition would be materially adversely affected. 

 The
Company may not be able to successfully develop and promote new products or services which could result in adverse financial consequences. 

 The
Company plans to expand its operations by developing and promoting new or complementary services, products or transaction formats or expanding
the breadth and depth of services or expanding the offering of its services to other countries in SEA. There can be no assurance that
the Company will be able to expand its operations in a cost-effective or timely manner or that any such efforts will maintain or increase
overall market acceptance. Furthermore, any new business or service launched by the Company that is not favorably received by consumers
could damage the Company s reputation and diminish the value of its brand. Expansion of the Company s operations in this manner
would also require significant additional expenses and development, operations and other resources and would strain the Company s
management, financial and operational resources. The lack of market acceptance of such services or the Company s inability to generate
satisfactory revenues from such expanded services to offset their cost could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

 In
addition, if we are unable to keep up with changes in technology and new hardware, software and services offerings, for example, by providing
the appropriate training to our account managers, sales technology specialists, engineers and consultants to enable them to effectively
sell and deliver such new offerings to customers, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. 

 A
decline in the demand for goods and services of the merchants included in the Platform could result in adverse financial consequences. 

 The
Company expects to derive most of its revenues from fees from successfully completed transactions on its consumer facing platforms. The
Company s future revenues will depend upon continued demand for the types of goods and services that are offered by Company and
the merchants that are included on such platforms. Any decline in demand for the goods offered through the Company s services as
a result of changes in consumer trends could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

 The
effective operation of the Company s platform is dependent on technical infrastructure and certain third-party service providers. 

 Our
ability to attract, retain, and serve customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our Platform and the underlying technical
infrastructure. We may fail to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands. In addition,
our business will be reliant upon third party partners such as financial service providers and cash-out providers, payment terminals and
equipment providers. Any disruption or failure in the services from third party partners used to facilitate our business could harm our
business. Any financial or other difficulties these partners face may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over
these partners, which increases vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. 

 There
is no assurance that the Company will be profitable. 

 There
is no assurance that we will earn profits in the future, or that profitability will be sustained. There is no assurance that future revenues
will be sufficient to generate the funds required to continue our business development and marketing activities. If we do not have sufficient
capital to fund our operations, we may be required to reduce our sales and marketing efforts or forego certain business opportunities. 

13 

We
could lose the right to the use of our domain names. 

 We
have registered domain names for our website that we use in our business. If we lose the ability to use a domain name, whether due to
trademark claims, failure to renew the applicable registration, or any other cause, we may be forced to market our products under a new
domain name, which could cause us substantial harm, or to incur significant expense in order to purchase rights to the domain name in
question. In addition, our competitors and others could attempt to capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain names similar to
ours, especially in the light of our expected expansion in SEA. Domain names similar to ours may be registered in the United States and
elsewhere. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise
decrease the value of our brand or our trademarks or service marks. Protecting and enforcing our rights in our domain names may require
litigation, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention. 

 We
may be required to expend resources to protect Platform information or we may be unable to launch our services. 

 From
time to time, other companies may copy information from our Platform, through website scraping, robots or other means, and publish or
aggregate it with other information for their own benefit. We have no assurance other companies will not copy, publish or aggregate content
from our Platform in the future. When third parties copy, publish, or aggregate content from our Platform, it makes them more competitive,
and decreases the likelihood that consumers will visit our website or use our mobile app to find the information they seek, which could
negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to detect such third-party conduct in
a timely manner and, even if we could, we may not be able to prevent it. In some cases, particularly in the case of websites operating
outside of the United States, our available remedies may be inadequate to protect us against such practices. In addition, we may be required
to expend significant financial or other resources to successfully enforce our rights. 

 Breaches
of our online commerce security could occur and could have an adverse effect on our reputation. 

 A
significant barrier to online commerce and communications is the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks.
There can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography and cybersecurity, or other
events or developments will not result in a compromise or breach of the technology used by the Company to protect customer transaction
data. If any such compromise of the Company s security were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
reputation and, therefore, on its business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, a party who is able to circumvent
the Company s security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in the Company s operations.
The Company may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against such security breaches or to alleviate
problems caused by such breaches. Concerns over the security of transactions conducted on the Internet and other online services and the
privacy of users may also inhibit the growth of the Internet and other online services generally, and the Web in particular, especially
as a means of conducting commercial transactions. To the extent that activities of the Company involve the storage and transmission of
proprietary information, security breaches could damage the Company s reputation and expose the Company to a risk of loss or litigation
and possible liability. There can be no assurance that the Company s security measures will prevent security breaches or that failure
to prevent such security breaches will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

 The
Company may not have the ability to manage its growth. 

 The
Company anticipates that significant expansion will be required to address potential growth in its customer base and market opportunities.
The Company s anticipated expansion is expected to place a significant strain on the Company s management, operational and
financial resources. To manage any material growth of its operations and personnel, the Company may be required to improve existing operational
and financial systems, procedures and controls and to expand, train and manage its employee base. There can be no assurance that the Company s
planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support the Company s future operations, that management
will be able to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel or that the Company s management will be able to successfully
identify, manage and exploit existing and potential market opportunities. If the Company is unable to manage growth effectively, its business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

14 

The
Company may engage in acquisition activity, which could have adverse effects on its business. 

 If
appropriate opportunities present themselves, the Company intends to acquire, as the Company did in 2022, businesses, technologies, platforms,
services, or products that the Company believes are strategic. The Company currently has no binding commitments or agreements with respect
to any material acquisition. While the Company is discussing potential acquisitions, there can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to successfully negotiate currently contemplated acquisitions or successfully negotiate or finance future contemplated acquisitions,
or to integrate such acquisitions with its current business. The process of integrating an acquired business, technology, service or product
into the Company may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant management attention that
would otherwise be available for ongoing development of the Company s business. Future contemplated acquisitions could result in
potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related
to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and
financial condition. Any future contemplated acquisitions of other businesses, technologies, services or products might require the Company
to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which might not be available on terms favorable to the Company, or at all, and such financing,
if available, might be dilutive. 

 We
rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our
business could be harmed. 

 The Company is, and will be, heavily dependent on the skill,
acumen and services of the management and other employees of the Company. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract,
develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant
costs to attract them. In addition, the loss of any of our senior management or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability
to execute our business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. All of our officers and. employees are at-will employees,
which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, although several of our executive officers, other
than Mr. Nguyen, are required to give the Company written notice if they resign for other than Good Reason (as defined in the employment
agreements), and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. We cannot ensure that we
will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees. If we do not succeed in attracting
well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business could be harmed. 

 Executive may terminate Executive s
employment hereunder other than for Good Reason upon thirty (30) days written notice to Company. 

 Illegal
use of our Platform could result in adverse consequences to the Company. 

 Despite
measures the Company will implement to detect and prevent identify theft or other fraud our Platform remains susceptible to potentially
illegal or improper uses. Despite measures the Company will take to detect and lessen the risk of this kind of conduct, the Company cannot
assure that these measures will succeed. The Company s business could suffer if customers use the Platform for illegal or improper
purposes. 

 If
merchants on our Platform are operating illegally, the Company could be subject to civil and criminal lawsuits, administrative action,
and prosecution for, among other things, money laundering or for aiding and abetting violations of law. The Company would lose the revenues
associated with these accounts and could be subject to material penalties and fines, both of which would seriously harm its business. 

 We
are subject to certain risks by virtue of our international operations. 

 We
operate and expand internationally. We expect to expand our international operations significantly by accessing new markets abroad and
expanding our offerings in new languages: not less than all languages in SEA countries. Our platform is now available in English and several
other languages. However, we may have difficulty modifying our technology and content for use in non-English-speaking markets or fostering
new communities in non-English-speaking markets. Our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires
considerable management attention and resources, and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business
in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems, and commercial
infrastructures. Furthermore, in most international markets, we would not be the first entrant, and our competitors may be better positioned
than we are to succeed. Expanding internationally may subject us to risks that we have either not faced before or increase our exposure
to risks that we currently face, including risks associated with: 

recruiting and
retaining qualified, multi-lingual employees, including customer support personnel; 

increased competition
from local websites and guides and potential preferences by local populations for local providers; 

compliance with
applicable foreign laws and regulations, including different privacy, censorship and liability standards and regulations and different
intellectual property laws; 

providing solutions
in different languages for different cultures, which may require that we modify our solutions and features to ensure that they are culturally
relevant in different countries; 

the enforceability
of our intellectual property rights; 

credit risk and
higher levels of payment fraud; 

compliance with
anti-bribery laws; 

currency exchange
rate fluctuations; 

foreign exchange
controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside the United States; 

political and economic
instability in some countries; 

double taxation
of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws of the United States or the foreign
jurisdictions in which we operate; and 

higher costs of
doing business internationally. 

15 

Changes
in the economic, political, or legal environment of the Asia Pacific region. 

 Substantially
all of our revenues are derived from SEA. As a result, our business is subject to the economic, political and legal environment in SEA.
The economies of SEA differ from other countries in various respects such as government involvement, level of development, growth rate,
allocation of resources and inflation rate. Prior to the 1990s, many SEA countries relied on a planned economy. State-owned enterprises
still account for a substantial portion of SEA s industrial output, though governments in general are reducing the level of direct
control that they exercise over the economy through state plans and other measures. It is our understanding that there is an increasing
level of freedom and autonomy in areas such as resource allocation, production and management and a gradual shift in emphasis to market
economies and enterprise reform. 

 Other
than Singapore, the legal systems of SEA countries in which the Company operates, also differ from most common law jurisdictions, in that
they are systems in which decided legal cases have little precedential value. The laws and regulations are subject to broad and varying
interpretations by government officials, courts, and lawyers. The courts of some countries of Asia Pacific region have the power to read
implied terms into contracts, adding a further layer of uncertainty. As a result, government officials, courts and lawyers often express
different views on the legality, validity and effect of a particular legal document. In addition, the views of a governmental authority
received on a particular issue have no binding effect or finality, so there is no guarantee that similar issues will be dealt with in
a similar way by other governmental authorities. Furthermore, recognition and enforcement of legal rights through Asia Pacific region s
national courts, arbitration centers and administrative agencies in the event of a dispute is uncertain. 

 As
part of their transition from planned economies to more market-oriented ones, the governments implemented a series of economic reforms,
including lowering trade barriers and import quotas to encourage and promote foreign investment. The governments promulgated a series
of laws and regulations on local and foreign investment, which set out the types of corporate vehicle investors may establish to carry
out their investment projects. Nevertheless, conflicting interpretations between local regulators in different provinces in a country,
and between different ministries can create confusion over key issues in certain countries. Many of the reforms in SEA are unprecedented
or experimental and may be subject to revision, change or abolition, depending upon the outcome of these experiments. Furthermore, there
can be no assurance that the governments will continue to pursue policies of economic reform or that any reforms will be successful or
the impetus to reform will continue. If any of these changes adversely affect us or our business, or if we are unable to capitalize on
the economic reform measures of the pertinent governments, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected. 

 Many
of the economies in SEA have or are experiencing substantial inflationary pressures which may prompt the governments to take action to
control the growth of the economy and inflation that could lead to a significant decrease in our profitability. 

 While
many of the economies in SEA have experienced rapid growth over the last two decades, they have also experienced inflationary pressures.
As governments take steps to address inflationary pressures, there may be significant changes in the availability of bank credits, interest
rates, limitations on loans, restrictions on currency conversions and foreign investment. There also may be imposition of price controls.
If our revenues rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in our costs, it may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
If these or other similar restrictions are imposed by a government to influence the economy, it may lead to a slowing of economic growth. 

16 

Our
business will be exposed to foreign exchange risk. 

 We
derive substantially all of our revenue from the operations of our Platform in Vietnam and expect to derive our revenue from SEA. Our
functional currencies will by necessity be the currencies of the countries of SEA. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. We translate
our results of operations using the average exchange rate for the period, unless the average is not a reasonable approximation of the
cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the
dates of the transactions, and we translate our financial position at the period-end exchange rate. Accordingly, any significant fluctuation
between the currencies of countries of SEA and South Asia on the one hand and the U.S. dollar on the other could expose us to foreign
exchange risk. 

 A
significant depreciation in many of the currencies of countries of SEA against major foreign currencies may have a material adverse impact
on our results of operations and financial condition because our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. If, in the future, significant
depreciation in many of the currencies of countries of SEA, we may be unable to meet any foreign currency payment obligations. 

 If
inflation increases significantly in SEA or South Asia countries, it could adversely affect our business. 

 Should
inflation in SEA countries increase significantly, our costs, including our staff costs and transportation are expected to increase. Furthermore,
high inflation rates could have an adverse effect on the countries economic growth, business climate and dampen consumer purchasing
power. As a result, a high inflation rate in SEA countries could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and prospects. 

 Geopolitical
unrest in the regions in which we operate could adversely affect our business. 

 Most
of our operations and business activities are conducted in SEA, whose economies and legal systems remain susceptible to risks associated
with an emerging economy and which is subject to higher geopolitical risks than developed countries. Examples include the social unrests
in 2014 in Vietnam targeting China-related businesses and ongoing territorial and other disputes between Vietnam and its neighboring countries
in Asia. Social and political unrest could give rise to various risks, such as loss of employment and safety and security risks to persons
and property. Any such event may in turn have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. 

 Recently,
Russia initiated significant military action against Ukraine. In response, the U.S. and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions
and export controls against Russia, Belarus and certain individuals and entities connected to Russian or Belarusian political, business,
and financial organizations, and the U.S. and certain other countries could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory
actions should the conflict continue or worsen. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the conflict, including related
geopolitical tensions, and the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and other countries in respect thereof as well as any
counter measures or retaliatory actions by Russia or Belarus in response, including, for example, potential cyberattacks or the disruption
of energy exports, is likely to cause regional instability, geopolitical shifts, and could materially adversely affect regional economies
and the global economy. The situation remains uncertain, and while it is difficult to predict the impact of any of the foregoing, the
conflict and actions taken in response to the conflict could increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, reduce our sales and earnings,
impair our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

17 

Our
business may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 

 The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is evolving, and to date has led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines,
business closures, travel restrictions, and other public health safety measures. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our
business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, including: 

new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of the disease; 

the duration and
spread of the outbreak; 

the severity of
travel restrictions imposed by geographic areas in which we operate, mandatory or voluntary business closures; 

regulatory actions
taken in response to the pandemic, which may impact merchant operations, consumer and merchant pricing, and our product offerings; 

other business
disruptions that affect our workforce; 

the impact on capital
and financial markets; and 

actions taken throughout
the world, including in markets in which we operate, to contain the COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact. 

In
addition, the outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread global health crisis and adversely affected global economies and financial
markets, and similar public health threats could do so in the future. Such events have impacted, and could in the future impact, demand
for merchants and consumer purchase patterns, which in turn, could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 

 Furthermore,
if a virus or other disease is transmitted by human contact, as is the case with COVID-19, our employees and any constituent of our network
may become infected, or may choose, or be advised, to avoid any contact with others, any of which may adversely affect our ability to
provide our Platform and for our merchants and consumers to use our Platform. In addition, shelter-in-place orders and similar regulations
impact merchants ability to operate their businesses, consumers ability to pick up orders, and our merchants ability
to make deliveries during certain times, or at all. Even if merchants are able to continue to operate their businesses, many may operate
with limited hours, selection and capacity and other limitations. Any limitations on or disruptions or closures of merchants businesses
could adversely affect our business. 

 Even
if a virus or other disease does not spread significantly and such measures are not implemented, the perceived risk of infection or significant
health risk may adversely affect our business. Merchants may be perceived as unsafe during such public health threats, even for order
delivery or pickup. If the services offered through our Platform or at other businesses in our industry become a significant risk for
transmitting COVID-19 or similar public health threats, or if there is a public perception that such risk exists, demand for the use of
our Platform would be adversely affected. Any negative impact on consumers willingness or ability to order delivery or complete
a pickup order, or on merchant s willingness or ability to make deliveries, could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

 Substantially
all of our revenues are concentrated in Vietnam pending expansion into other markets in SEA. Consequently, our results of operations will
likely be adversely, and may be materially, affected, to the extent that the COVID-19 or any other epidemic harms SEA s economy
and society and the global economy in general. Any potential impact to our results will depend on, to a large extent, future developments
and new information that may emerge regarding the duration and severity of the COVID-19 and the actions taken by government authorities
and other entities to contain the COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. If the disruptions posed by
COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, the operations of our business may be materially
adversely affected. 

 To
the extent the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar public health threat has an impact on our business, it is likely to also have the effect
of heightening many of the other risks described in this Item 1A: Risk Factors section. 

 Regulatory
Risks 

 The
payment processing regulatory regimes of the countries in which we operate could have adverse consequences on our business. 

 From
time-to-time, governments and regulatory bodies may review the legislation and regulations applied to the e-commerce and payment processing
industry in which the Company operates. Such reviews could result in the enactment of new laws and/or the adoption of new regulations
in SEA, South Asia, the US or elsewhere, which might adversely impact businesses in those countries in general and consequently, may threaten
the Company s growth prospects. More specifically, the Company is operating in the e-commerce and payment processing industry, which
is strictly regulated. Regulation is extensive and designed to protect consumers and the public, while providing standard guidelines for
business operations. In the offering of its products, the Company is subject to certain federal and provincial laws and regulations relating
to its financial product offerings, including laws and regulations governing such things as Know-Your-Customer (KYC), Anti-Money Laundering
(AML), Anti-Terrorist Financing (ATF) and safeguarding the privacy of customers personal information. Failure to comply with, or
changes to, existing or future laws and regulations could result in significant unforeseen costs and limitations, and could have an adverse
impact on the Company s business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 

18 

Regulation
of the internet generally could have adverse consequences on our business. 

 We
are also subject to general business regulations and laws in SEA specifically governing the internet and e-commerce. Existing and future
laws and regulations may impede the growth of the Internet, e-commerce or other online services, and increase the cost of providing online
services. These regulations and laws may cover sweepstakes, taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights,
distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, broadband residential Internet access and the characteristics
and quality of services. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel
and personal privacy apply to the internet and e-commerce. Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of
operations. 

 Privacy
regulations could have adverse consequences on our business. 

 We
receive, collect, store, process, transfer, and use personal information and other user data. There are numerous international laws and
regulations regarding privacy, data protection, information security, and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer,
disclosure, and protection of personal information and other content, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations,
and may be inconsistent among countries, or conflict with other laws and regulations. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy
policies and obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection, and information security. We strive to comply with applicable
laws, regulations, policies, and other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security to the extent
possible. However, the regulatory framework for privacy and data protection worldwide is, and is likely to remain for the foreseeable
future, uncertain and complex, and it is possible that these or other actual or alleged obligations may be interpreted and applied in
a manner that we do not anticipate or that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices.
Further, any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security,
or disclosure of our users data, or their interpretation, or any changes regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent
of users for the collection, use, retention, or disclosure of such data must be obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify
our services and features, possibly in a material manner, which we may be unable to complete, and may limit our ability to store and process
user data or develop new services and features. 

 We
also expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations, and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, and information
security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions. 

 Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our posted privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to users or other third
parties, or any other legal obligations or regulatory requirements relating to privacy, data protection, or information security may result
in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, claims, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups
or others and could result in significant liability, cause our users to lose trust in us, and otherwise have an adverse effect on our
reputation and business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies
that are applicable to the businesses of our users may limit the adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our Platform. 

 Additionally,
if third parties we work with violate applicable laws, regulations, or agreements, such violations may put our users data at risk,
could result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, fines, litigation, claims, or public statements against us by consumer
advocacy groups or others and could result in significant liability, cause our users to lose trust in us, and otherwise have an adverse
effect on our reputation and business. Further, public scrutiny of or complaints about technology companies or their data handling or
data protection practices, even if unrelated to our business, industry, or operations, may lead to increased scrutiny of technology companies,
including us, and may cause government agencies to enact additional regulatory requirements, or to modify their enforcement or investigation
activities, which may increase our costs and risks. 

19 

Regulation
of bonus cards could have adverse consequences on our business. 

 Our
platform s payment system inevitably provides our customers with bonuses that may or may not be deemed gift certificates, store
gift cards, general-use prepaid cards, or other vouchers, or gift cards , subject to, various laws of multiple jurisdictions.
Many of these laws include specific disclosure requirements and prohibitions or limitations on the use of expiration dates and the imposition
of certain fees. Various companies that provided deal products similar to ours around the world are currently or were defendants in purported
class action lawsuits. 

 The
application of various other laws and regulations to our products is uncertain. These include laws and regulations pertaining to unclaimed
and abandoned property, partial redemption, revenue-sharing restrictions on certain trade groups and professions, sales and other local
taxes and the sale of alcoholic beverages. In addition, we may become, or be determined to be, subject to United States federal or state
laws or laws in SEA or South Asia countries we operate regulating money transmitters or aimed at preventing money laundering or terrorist
financing, including the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act and other similar future laws or regulations in the United States and in
the applicable SEA or South Asia countries. 

 If
we become subject to claims or are required to alter our business practices as a result of current or future laws and regulations, our
revenue could decrease, our costs could increase and our business could otherwise be harmed. In addition, the costs and expenses associated
with defending any actions related to such additional laws and regulations and any payments of related penalties, fines, judgments or
settlements could harm our business. 

 The
requirements of being a public company. 

 As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act , the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules
and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly
and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight
may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business
and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs
and expenses. 

 In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for
public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty
regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest
resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our
efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due
to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 

 We
also expect that being a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and
officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage.
These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly
to serve on our audit committee and Remuneration Committee, and qualified executive officers. 

 As
a result of disclosure of information in this Annual Report and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition
will become more visible, which we believe may result in increased threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other
third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result
in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources
of our management and harm our business and operating results. 

20 

We
may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 We
are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign
governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining
or retaining business. We have operations, agreements with third parties and make sales in Asia, which may experience corruption. Our
activities in Asia create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants or agents of our
company, because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices
by our employees. Also, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants,
sales agents or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may
result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business,
operating results and financial condition. In addition, the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA
violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

 We may be subject to
risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings that may materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial
condition. 

 The
Company and/or its directors and officers may be subject to a variety of civil or other legal proceedings, with or without merit. From
time to time in the ordinary course of its business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings, including commercial, employment
and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming,
divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently
unpredictable, the results of any such actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 

 Even
if the claims are without merit, the costs associated with defending these types of claims may be substantial, both in terms of time,
money, and management distraction. In particular, patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and
the results are difficult to predict and may require us to stop offering certain features, purchase licenses or modify our products and
features while we develop non-infringing substitutes or may result in significant settlement costs. We do not own any patents, and, therefore,
may be unable to deter competitors or others from pursuing patent or other intellectual property infringement claims against us. 

 The
results of litigation and claims to which we may be subject cannot be predicted with certainty. Even if these matters do not result in
litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to
litigate or resolve them, could harm our business, results or operations and reputation. 

 Our
financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis and our continued operations are in doubt. 

 The
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis under which an entity is considered to be able to realize its assets
and satisfy its liabilities in the ordinary course of business. Our future operations may be dependent upon the identification and successful
completion of equity or debt financing and the achievement of profitable operations at an indeterminate time in the future. There can
be no assurances that we will be successful in completing an equity or debt financing or in achieving profitability. 

 We
may face potential liability and expense for legal claims based on the content on our Platform. 

 We
may face potential liability and expense for legal claims relating to the information that we publish on our website and our Platform,
including claims for defamation, libel, negligence and copyright or trademark infringement, among others. For example, businesses may
in the future claim, that we are responsible for defamatory reviews posted by our users. These claims could divert management time and
attention away from our business and result in significant costs to investigate and defend, regardless of the merits of the claims. In
some instances, we may elect or be compelled to remove content or may be forced to pay substantial damages if we are unsuccessful in our
efforts to defend against these claims. If we elect or are compelled to remove valuable content from our website or mobile app, our Platform
may become less useful to consumers and our traffic may decline, which could have a negative impact on our business and financial performance. 

21 

Protection
of Intellectual Property Rights are important for the future of our business. 

 The
future success of our business is dependent upon the intellectual property rights surrounding the technology, including trade secrets,
know-how and continuing technological innovation. Although we will seek to protect our proprietary rights, our actions may be inadequate
to protect any proprietary rights or to prevent others from claiming violations of their proprietary rights. There can be no assurance
that other companies are not investigating or developing other technologies that are similar to our technology. In addition, effective
intellectual property protection may be unenforceable or limited in certain countries, and the global nature of the Internet makes it
impossible to control the ultimate designation of our technology. Any of these claims, with or without merit, could subject us to costly
litigation. If the protection of proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value
of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
results. 

 Effective
trade secret, copyright, trademark and domain name protection is expensive to develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing
registration requirements and expenses and the costs of defending our rights. We are seeking to protect our trademarks and domain names
in an increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every location.
Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our respective trade secrets or determine the validity
and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial
costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We
may incur significant costs in enforcing our trademarks against those who attempt to imitate our brand. If we fail to maintain, protect
and enhance our intellectual property rights, our business and operating results may be harmed. 

 Risks
Relating to Ownership of Our Securities 

 The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors. 

 The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate widely due to factors beyond our control. This may happen
because of broad market and industry factors. In addition to market and industry factors, the market price and trading volume for the
common stock may be highly volatile for factors specific to our own operations, including the following: 

variations in our
net revenue, earnings and cash flows; 

announcements of
new investments, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures by us or our competitors; 

announcements of
new offerings and expansions by us or our competitors; 

changes in financial
estimates by securities analysts; 

detrimental adverse
publicity about us, our shareholders, affiliates, directors, officers or employees, our business model, our services or our industry; 

announcements of
new regulations, rules or policies relevant for our business; 

additions or departures
of key personnel; 

release of lock-up or
other transfer restrictions on our outstanding equity securities or sales of additional equity securities; and 

potential litigation
or regulatory investigations. 

Any of these
factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our common stock will trade. 

 In
the past, shareholders of public companies have often brought securities class action suits against those companies following periods
of instability in the market price of their securities. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert a significant
amount of our management s attention and other resources from our business and require us to incur significant expenses to defend
the suit, which could harm our results of operations. 

 Any
such class action suit, whether or not successful, could harm our reputation and restrict our ability to raise capital in the future.
In addition, if a claim is successfully made against us, we may be required to pay significant damages, which could materially adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

22 

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

 Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress
the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Our
shareholders may sell all or part of their holdings as soon as any applicable transfer restrictions have ended and such sales could have
a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. We are unable to predict the timing of or the effect that such sales may
have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 

 If
securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could
decline. 

 The
trading market for our common stock could depend in part on the research and reports that certain securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. Several analysts may cover our stock. If one or more of those analysts downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate
or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our
company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading
volume to decline. 

 A
possible short squeeze due to a sudden increase in demand of our common stocks that largely exceeds supply may lead to price
volatility in our common stock. 

 Investors
may purchase our common stock to hedge existing exposure in our common stock or to speculate on the price of our common stock. Speculation
on the price of our common stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares
of our common stock available for purchase in the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase our
common stock for delivery to lenders of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn , dramatically increase the price
of our common stock until investors with short exposure are able to purchase additional shares of common stock to cover their short position.
This is often referred to as a short squeeze. A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in our common stock
that are not directly correlated to the performance or prospects of our company and once investors purchase the shares of common stock
necessary to cover their short position the price of our common stock may decline. 

 Our
Founder, Chairman and CEO will continue to own a significant percentage of our common stock and our Super Voting Preferred Stock and will
be able to exert significant control over matters subject to shareholder approval. 

 Dennis
Nguyen, our Founder, Chairman and CEO, currently beneficially owns common stock and Super Voting Preferred Stock that provide him with
65.7 of the voting power of our voting stock. Therefore, even after further offerings, he will have the ability to substantially influence
us through this ownership position. For example, he may be able to significantly influence elections of directors, amendments of our organizational
documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. His interests may not always coincide with
our corporate interests or the interests of other shareholders, and he may act in a manner with which you may not agree or that may not
be in the best interests of our other shareholders. So long as he continues to own a significant amount of our equity, he will continue
to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our decisions. 

 We
may not be able to satisfy listing requirements of Nasdaq to maintain a listing of our common stock. 

 Although
our common stock has been approved for listing on Nasdaq, we must meet certain regulatory, financial and liquidity criteria to maintain
such listing, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity,
minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. If we violate the maintenance requirements for continued listing of
our common stock, our common stock may be delisted. In addition, our board may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a
national securities exchange outweighs the benefits of such listing. A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq may materially impair
our stockholders ability to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency
of the trading market for, our common stock. In addition, the delisting of our common stock could significantly impair our ability to
raise capital. 

23 

An
active market for our common stock in which investors can resell their shares may not continue to exist. 

 Prior
to our initial public offering that closed on November 12, 2021, there was no public market for our shares of common stock. Although our
common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market in November 2021, we cannot predict the extent to which an active market for our
common stock will develop or be sustained, or how the development of such a market might affect the market price of our common stock.
The value of our common stock can be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including problems with the development and expansion
of our business offerings, regulatory issues, technical issues, commercial challenges, competition, legislation, government intervention,
industry developments and trends, and general business and economic conditions. 

 Failure
to maintain effective controls on financial reporting could have an adverse impact on our business and we have identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Prior
to our initial public offering in November 2021, we were a private company and had limited accounting and financial reporting personnel
and other resources with which to address our internal controls and related procedures. Furthermore, we are a newly public company and
are not required to provide a report on internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our most recent fiscal year. While
operating as a public company, we and our independent registered public accounting firm may identify material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If we are unable to remedy our material weakness, or if we generally fail to establish
and maintain effective internal controls appropriate for a public company, we may be unable to produce timely and accurate financial statements,
and we may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, which could adversely impact our investors 
confidence and our stock price. 

 We
may need to implement additional and expensive procedures and controls in order to grow our business and organization and to satisfy new
reporting requirements, which will increase our costs and require additional management resources. 

 As a public reporting company,
we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations
of the SEC, including the requirements that we maintain disclosure controls and procedures and adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Also, our securities are listed on a U.S. national securities exchange and we are required to comply with marketplace rules
and heightened corporate governance standards. Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other SEC and U.S. national securities exchange
requirements will increase our costs and require additional management resources. We recently have begun upgrading our procedures and
controls and will need to continue to implement additional procedures and controls as we grow our business and organization and to satisfy
new reporting requirements. If we are unable to complete the required assessment as to the adequacy of our internal control over financial
reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or if we fail to maintain internal control over financial reporting,
our ability to produce timely, accurate and reliable periodic financial statements could be impaired. 

If
we do not maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy of our periodic
reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Additionally, our ability to obtain
additional financing could be impaired or a lack of investor confidence in the reliability and accuracy of our public reporting could
cause our stock price to decline. 

 We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act of 2012 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

 We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ),
and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are not applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock
less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

24 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards
until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

 We
will remain an emerging growth company until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date
of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, although we will lose
that status sooner if our revenues exceed 1.07 billion, if we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period,
or if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last day of our most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 

 Investors
may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent
as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

 As
a controlled company under the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market, we may choose to exempt our company from certain corporate
governance requirements that could have an adverse effect on our public shareholders. 

 Mr.
Dennis Nguyen, our Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is currently the beneficial owner of voting stock that provides him with
approximately 65.7 of the voting power of our voting stock. We currently meet the definition of a controlled company under
the corporate governance standards for NASDAQ listed companies and for so long as we remain a controlled company under this definition,
we are eligible to utilize certain exemptions from the corporate governance requirements of the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

 As
long as our officers and directors, either individually or in the aggregate, own at least 50 of the voting power of our Company, we are
a controlled company as defined under the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

 For
so long as we are a controlled company under that definition, we are permitted to elect to rely, and may rely, on certain exemptions from
corporate governance rules, including: 

an exemption from
the rule that a majority of our board of directors must be independent directors; 

an exemption from
the rule that the compensation of our CEO must be determined or recommended solely by independent directors; and 

an exemption from
the rule that our director nominees must be selected or recommended solely by independent directors. 

Although
we do not intend to rely on the controlled company exemption under the Nasdaq listing rules, we could elect to rely on this
exemption in the future. If we elect to rely on the controlled company exemption, a majority of the members of our board
of directors might not be independent directors and our nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees might not consist
entirely of independent directors. 

 As
a result, you will not have the same protection afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to these corporate governance requirements. 

 We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to the
value of our stock. 

 We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to support the development of our business and do not anticipate paying cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking
into account various factors, including, but not limited to, our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and
the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at the time. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock
may be limited by Nevada state law. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may
never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common
stock. 

25 

We
will indemnify and hold harmless our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by Nevada law. 

 Our
bylaws provide that we will indemnify and hold harmless our officers and directors against claims arising from our activities, to the
fullest extent not prohibited by Nevada law. If we were called upon to perform under our indemnification agreement, then the portion of
our assets expended for such purpose would reduce the amount otherwise available for our business. 

 Item 1B .
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

 Item
2. Properties. 

 Our
principal executive offices are located at 701 S. Carson Street, Suite 200, Carson City, NV 89701. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded the ROU asset and lease obligation of 1,541,064. We do not currently own any real estate. 

COUNTRY 
 SUPPLIER 
 LEASE 
 DATE
 OF AGREEMENT 
 TERM 
 
 Singapore 
 Morning
 Star Pte. Ltd. 
 137
 Market Street, #14-01/02, Grace Global Raffles, Singapore 048943 
 August
 12, 2022 
 3
 years from October 15, 2022 
 
 Singapore 
 Lo
 Tjhan Kwong and Tina Kumalasari Widyatmadja 
 18
 Marina Boulevard #43-09 Marina Bay Residences Singapore 018980 
 September
 16, 2021 
 2
 years from September 18, 2021 
 
 Vietnam 
 Vidago
 Company Limited 
 8th
 floor, Diamond Flower Building, 48 Le Van Luong Street, Nhan Chinh Ward, Thanh Xuan District, Hanoi city 
 October
 11, 2022 
 2
 years from October 15, 2022 
 
 Vietnam 
 Pls
 Investment Trading Company 
 5th
 floor, PLS Building, 366 Nguyen Trai, Ward 8, District 5, Ho Chi Minh 
 January
 11, 2022 
 3
 years from February 20, 2022 
 
 Philippines 
 Averon
 Holdings Corporation 
 6780
 Ayala Avenue Makati City 1226 Philippines 
 
 2
 years from March 16, 2022 
 
 Philippines 
 Salustiano
 R. Guiao 
 Unit
 D E Building 1, IBG Plaza Building, Balibago, Angeles City 2009 Pampanga Philippines 
 
 5
 years from October 1, 2022 
 
 Philippines 
 Garpaz
 Enterprises, Inc. 
 Room/Shop
 No. 321 GP Arcade Building Upper Mabini St. Baguio City 2600 Banguet Philippines 
 
 2
 years from October 1, 2022 
 
 Philippines 
 NIG
 Leasing 
 Unit
 No. 2-A Del Pilar Street, Rizdelis, Cabanatuan City, Nueva Ecija, Philippines 
 
 3
 years from September 16, 2022 
 
 Thailand 
 Boutique
 Prakhanong 3 Ltd. 
 unit
 301, 3rd floor, 7 Soi Sukhumvit 69, Sukhumvit Road, Prakhanong-Nua Sub district, Wattana District, Bangkok 
 December
 1, 2022 
 3
 years from 8th October 2022 
 
 Thailand 
 Boutique
 Prakhanong 3 Ltd. 
 unit
 309, 3rd floor, 7 Soi Sukhumvit 69, Sukhumvit Road, Prakhanong-Nua Sub district, Wattana District, Bangkok 
 December
 1, 2022 
 3
 years from 8th October 2022 
 
 Indonesia 
 PT
 Teratai Dharma Nusantara 
 EightyEight@Kasablanka
 Tower A, 12th Floor, Unit A H, Jl. Casablanca Raya Kav.88, Jakarta Selatan 12870 
 July
 1, 2022 
 
 1
 year from July 01, 2022 
 
 Indonesia 
 PT
 Alfindo Mercu Estate 
 AIA
 Central Lower Ground No.1, 28th Floor, Jl. Jend Sudirman Kav. 48A, Jakarta 12930 
 
 July
 20, 2022 
 
 3
 years from November 17, 2022 
 
 Indonesia 
 Agustinus
 Prasetio 
 The
 Residence Unit 38B, Ciputra World 1 Jakarta, Jl. Prof. DR. Satrio No.1, RT.18/RW.4, Kuningan, Jakarta Selatan, Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta
 12940 
 July
 28, 2022 
 1
 year from August 12, 2022 
 
 Indonesia 
 Oei
 Hironemus Utari 
 Apartment
 Sudirman Tower Condominium - Tower C Unit 27D, Jl. Garnisun 1 No.8. RT/RW 005/004. Kel. Karet Semanggi. Kec. Setiabudi. South Jakarta
 12930 
 October
 12, 2022 
 1
 year from October 25, 2022 

26 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

 From time to time, the Company
may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is
subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm the Company s
business. 

 The
Company is currently litigating three cases pending in the Supreme Court for the State of New York, New York County. 

 Two
cases are employment actions filed by former employees who seek compensation alleged to be due pursuant to agreements with the Company. 
Both of the employees are represented by the same counsel and filed their cases in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County
of New York, in December 2019. 

 In one of those actions, brought by Rahul Narain,
a former employee claims entitlement to compensation and a bonus totaling 566,000 and 130-195 shares of Company common stock, together
with costs. For the 130 shares he contends were not delivered, he alleges damages of approximately 750,000. The Company responded to
the complaint and also asserted counterclaims in the proceeding for 1,500,000 to 4,000,000 plus punitive damages, together with interest
and costs, arising from, inter alia, the former employee s breach of contract, unfair competition, misappropriation of trade secrets
and breach of fiduciary duty. The former employee has responded to the Company s counterclaims and discovery has been conducted.
The discovery phase is now over. The Company filed a motion for partial summary judgment to dismiss Rahul Narain s claims for damages
associated with the 130-195 shares of the Company s common stock. Rahul Narain has filed a motion for partial summary judgment on
his claims for compensation and for damages he alleges associated with his contention that the Company did not deliver the shares of common
stock under a warrant. In that motion he seeks the monetary value of that stock, which he contends is 749,190 plus interest, and also
seeks partial summary judgment for his claim seeking 566,000 in compensation, specifically to the motion, he seeks 60,000. His motion
also seeks to dismiss the Company s counterclaims. Rahul Narain has also filed a motion in limine to preclude the Company s
expert witness as to damages for some of the Company s counterclaims. 

 In the other employment action, brought by Thomas O Connor,
a former employee, and CVO Advisors Pte. Ltd., involves claims of entitlement to salary payments and expense reimbursement in the amount
of 122,042.60, plus liquidated damages, together with costs. This former employee also made claims based on a failure to deliver between
1,721 and 2,536 shares of the Company s common stock. For the 1,721 shares of stock which he contends were not delivered, he alleges
damages of 9,918,000. In addition, this action also includes claims by a plaintiff-entity alleging entitlement to 8 million in shares
of the Company s Series A Preferred stock. The Company responded to the complaint and also asserted counterclaims against the former
employee in the proceeding for 1,500,000 to 2,000,000 plus punitive damages, together with costs, arising from, inter alia, the former
employee s breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, tortious interference and fraud. The former employee has responded to
the Company s counterclaims and this action is still in the discovery phase of litigation. Thomas O Connor has filed a motion
to strike the Company s answer and counterclaims or in the alternative precluding Society Pass from offering evidence or for a
Conditional Order for production. That motion is fully briefed and is set for oral argument on March 6, 2023. Thomas O Connor has
also filed a motion for partial summary judgment on his cause of action regarding the 1,721 shares of stock that were allegedly not delivered
and is seeking the cash value of those shares. 

27 

The
third case also involves one of those former employees, Thomas O Connor; therein, a Company affiliate filed suit in February 2020
seeking enforcement, by way of specific performance, of an agreement which entitles the affiliate to purchase all of the 99 percent of
the shares of the plaintiff-entity which alleges entitlement to 8 million in shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock
in one of the employment actions described above. The former employee has responded to the Company s complaint in this action with
a motion to dismiss, which was later withdrawn by same, and then by way of an answer without counterclaims. The case has been reassigned
to a new Judge and we have requested a preliminary conference. However, no preliminary conference has yet been Ordered. As these matters
are in the discovery and pre-discovery phases, and/or have summary judgment motions being briefed it is too early to assess the likelihood
of success. The Company denies the accusations by both O Connor and Narain and intends to vigorously defend these matters. 

 A prior action captioned SOSV IV LLV v. Society Pass
Inc., et al., Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, Index 650271/2022 has recently been settled and discontinued. 

 The
Company does not believe any of the foregoing actions will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its business,
financial condition or operating results. 

 Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not
applicable. 

 PART
II 

 Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 Market
Information 

 Our
common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SOPA. 

 Holders 

 As of March 21, 2023, there
were 101 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions
on behalf of stockholders, this number is not representative of the total number of beneficial owners of our stock. 

28 

Dividends 

 We
have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and
expansion of our business and fund our share repurchase program, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

 Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 None. 

 Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

 The
Company did not repurchase any of its equity securities during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

 Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

 The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

 Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

 The following discussion
and analysis provide information which we believe is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our audited consolidated results
of operations and financial condition. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. For
a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this report entitled Forward-Looking Statements. 
Certain risk factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by
the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see the sections in this report entitled Risk Factors 
and Forward-Looking Statements . Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for any period in the future. 

 Overview 

 We
are, through the acquisition and operation of e-commerce platforms and mobile applications through our direct and indirect wholly or majority-owned
subsidiaries, building the next generation digital ecosystem and loyalty platform in Southeast Asia SEA primarily Singapore,
Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines. 

 The
companies by the Company form the Society Pass Group (the Group ). The Group currently markets to both consumers and merchants
in SEA while maintaining an administrative headquarters in Singapore and a software development center in the Philippines. We continue
to expand our e-commerce ecosystem throughout the rest of SEA by making selective acquisitions of leading e-commerce companies and applications
with particular focuses on the VIP countries (Vietnam, Indonesia and Philippines) of SEA. Material acquisitions include: 

In February 2021, we acquired an online lifestyle platform
of Leflair branded assets (the Leflair Assets ). 

In February 2022, we acquired NREI and Dream Space in February
2022 which operate the food delivery companies Pushkart in the Philippines and Handycart in Vietnam, respectively. 

In May 2022, we acquired Gorilla Net and Gorilla Mobile in
May 2022. 

In July 2022, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, New Retail
Experience Incorporated, we acquired Mangan PH Food
Delivery Services Corp., a corporation registered in [Philippines; 

In July 2022, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Thoughtful
Media Group Incorporated, a Nevada corporation, we acquired a digital marketing company with significant operations in Thailand and the
United States. 

In August 2022, we acquired entities that give us ownership
of the Nusatrip travel services marketing platform. 

29 

Operating
in SEA, we are focused on six operating verticals: loyalty, lifestyle, grocery and food delivery, telecommunications, digital media, and
travel. 

 Loyalty 

 The
Company spent over two years building a cutting edge, proprietary IT architecture to effectively scale and support our ecosystem s
companies, consumers and merchants. Using our loyalty platform, which we plan to introduce in 2023, consumers may earn, and merchants
may issue, Society Points. The Company will aggregate the data across various touch points and build a realistic view or consumer behavior
and use this behavior to increase sales across our ecosystem by: cross-pollinating acquired companies with other existing verticals, customer
re-targeting, offline and online behavior prediction and cross promotions and loyalty points. The Company ecosystem becomes a key enabler
for our users by converting this aggregation of data into creation of loyalty for our ecosystem companies to generate revenue. 

 Lifestyle 

 The
Company has an online lifestyle platform to enable the consumers to purchase high-end brands of all categories under its own brand name
of Leflair . Under the deployment of the Company s smart search engine, consumers search or review their favorite brands
among hundreds of choices in Apparel, Bags Shoes, Accessories, Health Beauty, Home Lifestyle, International, Women,
Men and Kids Babies categories. The platform also allows consumers to order from hundreds of vendor choices with personalized promotions
based on purchase history and location. The platform has also partnered up with a Vietnam-based delivery company, Amilo, to offer seamless
delivery of product from merchant to consumer s home or office at the touch of a button. Consumers can place orders for delivery
or collect at the Company s logistics center. 

 Grocery
and Food Delivery 

 The
Company owns several online platforms include brand name of Mangan, Handycart and Pushkart to
enable the consumers to purchase meals from restaurants or grocery and food from difference local grocery and food merchants and deliver
to them in their area. 

 Digital
Media 

 The
acquisition of a digital media platform, Thoughtful Media, amplifies the reach and engagement of the Company s e-commerce ecosystem
and retail partners. Originally founded in 2010, Thoughtful Media today creates and distributes digital advertising campaigns across its
multi-channel network in both SEA and the US. With its intimate knowledge of local markets, digital marketing technology tools and social
commerce business focus, advertisers leverage Thoughtful Media s wide influencer network throughout SEA to market and sell advertising
inventory exclusively with specific placement and effect. 

 As
a result, Thoughtful Media s content creator partners earn a larger share of advertising revenues from international consumer brands.
And according to Accenture, the social commerce market is poised to grow to 1.2 trillion by 2025 at a CAGR of 26 . Thoughtful Media s
data-rich multi-channel network has uploaded over 675,000 videos with over 80 billion video views. The current network of 263 YouTube
channels has onboarded over 85 million subscribers with an average monthly viewership of over 600 million views. 

 Telecommunications 

 The
Company also has online telecommunication reseller platform operate under brand name of Gorilla to enable the consumers
to subscribe local mobile data and overseas internet data in different subscription package. Established in Singapore in 2019, Gorilla
utilizes Web3 technology to operate a MVNO for its users in Southeast Asia. With network coverage to over 160 countries, Gorilla offers
a full suite of mobile communication services such as local calls, international roaming, data, and SMS texting. More importantly, Gorilla
enables its customers to convert unused mobile data into digital assets or Gorilla GO Tokens through its innovative proprietary blockchain-based
SwitchBack feature. Gorilla GO Tokens in turn can be redeemed for eVouchers, to offset future bills, or be redeemed for other value-added
services. 

30 

Travel 

 The
Company purchased Nusatrip, a leading Jakarta-based Online Travel Agency OTA in Indonesia and across SEA. The Nusatrip
acquisition extended SoPa s business reach into SEA regional travel industry and marked the Company s first foray into Indonesia.
Established in 2013 as the first Indonesian OTA accredited by the International Air Transport Association, Nusatrip pioneered offering
a comprehensive range of airlines and hotels to Indonesian corporate and retail customers. With its first mover advantage, Nusatrip has
onboarded over 1.2 million registered users, over 500 airlines and over 200,000 hotels around the world as well as connected with over
80 million unique visitors. 

 Our
loyalty-focused and data-driven e-commerce marketing platform interfaces connect consumers with merchants in the F B and lifestyle
sectors, assisting local brick-and-mortar businesses to access new customers and markets to thrive in an increasingly convenience-driven
economy. Our Platform integrates with both global and country-specific search engines and applications and accepts international address
and phone number data, providing a consumer experience that respects local languages, address formats and customs. Our Strategic Partners
(as defined below) work with us to penetrate local markets, while our Platform allows effortless integration with existing technological
applications and websites. 

 As
of March 21, 2023, we have onboarded over 3.3 million registered consumers and over 200,000 registered merchants on our Platform. 

 Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic and other Global Events 

 The
full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations remains unpredictable due to the evolving
nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and the extent of its impact across industries and geographies and numerous other uncertainties. For example,
we cannot predict the duration and spread of the outbreak of new variants of the virus, additional actions that may be taken by governmental
entities, or the impact the pandemic may have on the ability of us, our customers, our suppliers, our manufacturers, and our other business
partners to conduct business. To date, COVID-19 has led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines,
business closures, travel restrictions, and other public health safety measures. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our
business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, including: 

new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of the disease in Vietnam and SEA; 

the duration and
spread of the outbreak; 

the severity of
travel restrictions imposed by geographic areas in which we operate, mandatory or voluntary business closures; 

regulatory actions
taken in response to the pandemic, which may impact merchant operations, consumer and merchant pricing, and our product offerings; 

other business
disruptions that affect our workforce; 

the impact on capital
and financial markets; and 

action taken throughout
the world, including in markets in which we operate, to contain the COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact. 

In
addition, the current outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread global health crisis and adversely affected global economies and
financial markets, and similar public health threats could do so in the future. Such events have impacted, and could in the future impact,
demand for merchants and consumer purchase patterns, which in turn, could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 

31 

Since
the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in March and April 2020, all our POS merchant clients are affected by COVID-19 measures for F B
to temporary stop restaurant dine ins. 

Some of our restaurant
clients ceased operations permanently and many were closed since June 2020 without any notice of reopening their business to date. 

Our largest POS
client, a hotel chain for which we provide POS services to their F B business in their hotels, ceased operations in two out of nine
hotels since April 2020. 

The Company faces
challenges to onboard new clients but at the same time losing many existing ones. 

With
the ongoing pandemic, Company faces challenges in our operation as follows: 

Disruption of operation
in Vietnam, Philippines, India, Singapore and US where staffs have to work from home. 

The coordination
of rebooting of company s recent asset acquisition of NREI and Dream Space, which are the F B Delivery platforms in operate
in Philippines and Vietnam respectively. 

Application of
licenses are delayed as government agencies take longer time to review and process time. 

HR process to hire
personnel are generally slow due to people not willing to leave their current job, company have to spend more time and resource 

The
spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including employee travel, employee work locations in certain cases,
and cancellation of physical participation in certain meetings, events and conferences and further actions may be taken as required or
recommended by government authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and other business partners.
We are monitoring the global outbreak of the pandemic, in SEA, especially Vietnam and are taking steps in an effort to identify and mitigate
the adverse impacts on, and risks to, our business posed by its spread and the governmental and community reactions thereto. 

 The
Russian-Ukraine war and the supply chain disruption have not affected any specific segment of our business. 

 Software
and Development 

 Our
ability to compete depends in large part on our continuous commitment to research and development, our ability to rapidly introduce new
features and functionality and our ability to improve proven applications for established markets in which we have competitive advantages.
We intend to work closely with our customers to continuously enhance the performance, functionality, usability, reliability and flexibility
of our applications. 

 Our
software and development team are responsible for the design enhancements, development, testing and certification of the Application.
In addition, we may, in the future, utilize third parties for our automated testing, managed upgrades, software development and other
technology services. 

 Intellectual
Property Portfolio 

 We
strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technology and inventions that are commercially important to our business, including seeking,
maintaining and defending patent rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position through a combination of intellectual
property rights, including trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws and internal procedures. Our commercial success will depend in part
on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. 

32 

Financial
Condition 

 Results
of Operations 

 The
following table sets forth certain operational data for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue, net 
 5,635,553 
 519,885 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (4,668,580 
 (710,683 
 
 Gross profit/ loss 
 966,973 
 (190,798 
 
 Less operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expenses 
 (997,784 
 (327,195 
 
 Software development costs 
 (72,999 
 (95,809 
 
 Impairment loss 
 (3,499,881 
 (200,000 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (30,552,365 
 (33,398,401 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (35,123,029 
 (34,021,405 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (34,156,056 
 (34,212,203 

Other income (expense): 

Change in contingent service payable 
 2,442 

Gain from early lease termination 
 2,166 
 2,454 
 
 Interest income 
 84,116 
 116 
 
 Interest expense 
 (25,105 
 (41,514 
 
 Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 (19,964 

Loss on settlement of litigation 
 
 (550,000 
 
 Warrant modification expense 
 
 (58,363 
 
 Other income 
 101,010 
 5,906 
 
 Total other expense 
 144,665 
 (641,401 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (34,011,391 
 (34,853,604 
 
 Income taxes 
 (3,631 
 (11,136 
 
 NET LOSS 
 (34,015,022 
 (34,864,740 

Revenue .
For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we generated revenue of 5,635,553 and 519,885 respectively. The significant increase
in revenue was mainly due to an increase in the sales from our online platforms and newly acquired subsidiaries. 

 Revenue by business segment.
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 e-Commerce generated revenue of 2,118,191 and 482,002 respectively, as online ordering
increased as a result of a marketing boost. Merchant POS revenue decrease from 37,883 to 23,951 from year ended December 31, 2021 to
December 31, 2022 due to business downsizing. The other business segments are online F B and Groceries Deliveries, Telecommunication
Reseller, Digital Marketing, and Online Ticketing and Reservation, generated revenue of 150,999, 23,747, 2,593,674 and 724,991 respectively,
are newly acquired during the year 2022. 

 Revenue by geographic segment. From the year ended December
31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, Vietnam revenue increased from 485,055 to 2,186,007 mainly arise from our e-Commerce business segment.
Indonesia revenue increased from 34,830 to 443,147 as a result of our newly acquired Online Ticketing and Reservation business segment.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenue from our new geographic segments in the Philippines, Singapore, United
States, Thailand, Malaysia, and Hong Kong, from the newly acquired business segments. 

 Top
Customers Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following customer exceeded 10 of the Company s revenues: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Customer C 
 2,310,933 
 41.01 
 385,183 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Customer A 
 387,213 
 74 
 54,160 
 
 Customer B 
 94,698 
 18 
 (9,298 

This included value added
 taxed VAT 

The Company engaged
Tiki Smart Logistic for collection of cash on delivery arrangement from their end customer. 

The Company engaged
PayDollars for online payment gateway arrangement from their end customer. 

Due to order cancelation
the amount became credit balance. 

33 

The
above significant customers are located in United States and Vietnam. 

 Cost
of Revenue . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred cost of revenue of 4,668,580 and 710,683 respectively. The
increase in revenue cost was matched by a significant rise in revenue. 

 Major
vendors 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is no vendor accounted for 10 or more of the Company s cost of revenue as at year-end
dates. 

 Gross
Profit/ Loss. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a gross profit and gross loss of 966,973 and 190,798 respectively.
The turnaround from gross loss to gross profit is due to increased revenue from e-commerce and our newly acquired digital marketing and
online ticketing and hotel reservation business. 

 Sales
and Marketing Expenses S M . For the year ended December 31,2022 and 2021, we have incurred S M expenses of
 997,784 and 327,195 respectively. The increase in S M is primarily attributable to the increased in sales activity and the related
promotion expenses needed for new merchants joining our e-commerce platform. Further, there was an increase marketing cost in 2022 to
attract attention of customers to our e-commerce platform. 

 Software
Development Cost SDC . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred SDC expenses of 72,999 and 95,809
respectively. The decrease in SDC in 2022 is primarily attributable to the restructuring of our technology development team. 

 Impairment
Charge IC . For the year ended December 31,2022 and 2021, we incurred IC expenses of 3,499,881 and 200,000 respectively.
The increase is primarily attributable to the impairment of goodwill related to the acquisition of the NREI, Gorilla, TMG and Nusatrip
which were expensed during the period due to the short life term of the asset and the quantum of consideration. 

 General
and Administrative Expenses G A . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred G A expenses of
 30,552,365 and 33,398,401 respectively. The decrease in G A is primarily attributable to the decrease in professional costs associated
with costs related to business acquisitions, the Company s filing for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange, stock based compensation
for services, and D O insurance cost. 

 Loss
on settlement of litigation. On May 21, 2021, the Company agreed to settle a litigation matter for 550,000 in cash. The settlement
was paid in two tranches, with both tranches paid in the second quarter of 2021. In connection with the settlement, the Company recognized
litigation settlement expense in the amount of 550,000 in the year ended 2021. There were no such expenses incurred in the comparative
year ended 2022. 

 Income
Tax Expense . Our income tax expenses for the year ended December 31,2022 and 2021 was 3,631 and 11,136, respectively. 

 Net
Loss . As a result of the items noted above, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 34,015,022, as compared
to 34,864,740 for the same year ended December 31, 2021. The net loss is primarily attributable to general and administrative expenses. 

34 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 18,930,986, accounts receivable of 951,325, deposits, prepayments and other
receivables of 2,711,042 and inventories of 310,932. 

 As
of December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 23,264,777, accounts receivable of 52,588, deposits, prepayments and other
receivables of 6,094,254 and inventories of 221,068. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s stockholders equity was 20,011,317 which decreased as a result of a net loss partially
offset by additional paid-in-capital primarily from a secondary public offering. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred
net loss of 34,015,022 and net cash used in operating activities of 14,453,759. Net cash provided by investing activities was 177,393.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 10,182,905, resulting principally from the 10,402,891
net proceeds from a public offering and 412,890 of net proceeds from the C1 warrants exercised during the period ended December 31, 2022,
partially offset by repayment of the First Insurance Funding loan in the amount of 632,876 during 2022. 

 While
the Company believes that it will be able to continue to grow the Company s revenue base and control expenditures, there is no assurance
it will be able to do so. The Company continually monitors its cash, capital structure and operating plans and evaluates various potential
funding alternatives that may be needed in order to finance the Company s business development activities, general and administrative
expenses and growth strategy. We expect to continue to rely on cash generated through financing from public offerings or private offerings
of our or one or more of our subsidiaries securities, to finance our operations and future acquisitions. The Company believes that
it has sufficient liquidity to continue its current business plans and operations for more than one year. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (14,453,759 
 (10,813,938 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 177,393 
 (246,837 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 10,182,905 
 33,823,757 
 
 Effect on exchange rate change 
 (167,980 
 (4,871 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (4,261,441 
 22,758,111 
 
 Cash and cash equivalent at beginning of year 
 23,264,777 
 506,666 
 
 Cash and cash equivalent at end of year 
 19,003,336 
 23,264,777 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 14,453,759, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 34,015,022,
partially offset by non-cash stock based compensation for services of 8,299,566, a decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables
of 6,374,684, depreciation and amortization of 3,307,832, and a non-cash goodwill impairment loss of 3,499,881. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 10,813,938, which consisted primarily of net loss of 34,864,740,
partially offset by non-cash stock based compensation for services of 25,889,909, a loss on settlement of litigation of 550,000, a decrease
in accrued liabilities and other payables of 413,974, depreciation and amortization of 3,210,448 and a non-cash impairment loss of 200,000. 

 Until
we generate cash flows from operations, we expect to continue to rely on cash generated through financing from public offerings or private
offerings by the Company or one or more of our subsidiaries securities, however, to finance our operations and future acquisitions. 

35 

Net
Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing Activities. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a net cash inflow of 177,393 primarily as a result of the cash from business acquisition
of 1,643,659, partially offset by acquisition of subsidiaries of 820,000 and purchase of property, plant, and equipment of 566,266. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2021, there was a net cash outflow of 246,837 for a deposit paid related to the Leflair asset acquisition. 

 Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 10,182,905, consisting primarily of funds raised from
a public offering and Series C-1 warrants exercised partially offset by repayment of the First Insurance Funding Loan. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 33,823,757, consisting primarily of funds raised from
shareholders for Series C Preferred Stock and warrants exercised. 

 Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimate 

Basis of presentation 

These
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America US GAAP ). 

Emerging Growth
Company 

We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. For as long as we are an emerging growth company, we are
not required to: (i) comply with any new or revised financial accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and
private companies until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies, (ii) provide an auditor s attestation report
on management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, (iii) comply with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB or a supplement
to the auditor s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial
statements of the issuer or (iv) comply with any new audit rules adopted by the PCAOB after April 5, 2012, unless the SEC determines otherwise.
However, we have elected to opt out of the extended transition period discussed in (i) and will therefore comply with new
or revised accounting standards on the applicable dates on which the adoption of such standards are required for non-emerging growth companies.
Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of such extended transition period for compliance with new or revised
accounting standards is irrevocable. 

Use of estimates
and assumptions 

In
preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities in the balance sheet and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
If actual results significantly differ from the Company s estimates, the Company s financial condition and results of operations
could be materially impacted. Significant estimates in the period include the allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts receivable,
the incremental borrowing rate used to calculate right of use assets and lease liabilities, useful lives of intangible assets, impairment
of long-lived assets and goodwill, valuation of common stock and stock warrants, stock option valuations, inventory valuation, revenue
recognition, the allocation of purchase consideration in business combinations, and deferred tax assets and liabilities and the related
valuation allowance. 

Basis of consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

36 

Business combination 

The
Company follows Accounting Standards Codification ASC ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations ASC
805") and ASC Topic 810, Consolidation ASC 810"). ASC Topic 805 requires most identifiable assets, liabilities,
non-controlling interests, and goodwill acquired in a business combination to be recorded at fair value. The statement applies
to all business combinations. Under ASC 805, all business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. Accounting
for the resulting goodwill requires significant management estimates and judgment. Management performs periodic reviews of the carrying
value of goodwill to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that an impairment in value may have occurred. A variety of factors
could cause the carrying value of goodwill to become impaired. A write-down of the carrying value of goodwill could result in a non-cash
charge, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 

Noncontrolling
interest 

The
Company accounts for noncontrolling interests in accordance with ASC Topic 810, which requires the Company to present noncontrolling interests
as a separate component of total shareholders equity on the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated net loss attributable
to its noncontrolling interest be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

Segment reporting 

ASC
Topic 280, Segment Reporting Topic 280") establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments
on a basis consistent with the Company s internal organization structure as well as information about geographical areas, business
segments and major customers in consolidated financial statements. The Company currently operates in four reportable operating segments:
(i) Online Grocery and Food and Groceries Deliveries, (ii) Digital marketing, (iii) Online ticketing and reservation, (iv) Telecommunications
Reseller, (v) e-Commerce, and (vi) Merchant Point of Sale merchant POS ). 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions
and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cash and cash equivalents amounted to 19,003,336 and 23,264,777, respectively. 

 The
Company currently has bank deposits with financial institutions in the U.S. which exceed FDIC insurance limits. FDIC insurance provides
protection for bank deposits up to 250,000, so there was uninsured balance of 9,256,175 and 13,699,082 as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. In addition, the Company has uninsured bank deposits of 9,047,911 and 9,315,695 with a financial institution outside
the U.S as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All uninsured bank deposits are held at high quality credit institutions. 

Restricted cash 

Restricted
cash refers to cash that is held by the Company for specific reasons and is, therefore, not available for immediate ordinary business
use. The restricted cash represented fixed deposit maintained in bank accounts that are pledged. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
restricted cash amounted to 72,350 and 0, respectively. 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts
receivables are recorded at the amounts that are invoiced to customers, do not bear interest, and are due within contractual payment terms,
generally 30 to 90-days from completion of service or the delivery of a product. Credit is extended based on an evaluation of a customer s
financial condition, the customer s creditworthiness and their payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the
contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually
for collectability. Quarterly, the Company specifically evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and
the current economic conditions to monitor the progress of the collection of accounts receivables. The Company records bad debt expense
and records an allowance for doubtful accounts for any estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required
payments. For receivables that are past due or not being paid according to payment terms, appropriate actions are taken to pursue all
means of collection, including seeking legal resolution in a court of law. Account balances are charged off against the allowance for
doubtful accounts after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Currently, the
Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers, and as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
was no need for allowance for doubtful accounts. 

37 

Inventories 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, cost being determined on a first-in-first-out method. Costs include hardware
equipment and peripheral costs which are purchased from the Company s suppliers as merchandized goods. The Company provides inventory
allowances based on excess and obsolete inventories determined principally by customer demand. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company recorded an allowance for obsolete inventories of 0 and 0, respectively. The inventories were amounted to 310,932
and 221,068 as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid
expenses represent payments made in advance for products or services to be received in the future and are amortized to expense on a ratable
basis over the future period to be benefitted by that expense. Since the Company has prepaid expenses categorized as both current and
non-current assets, the benefits associated with the products or services are considered current assets if they are expected to be used
during the next twelve months and are considered non-current assets if they are expected to be used over a period greater than one year. 

Property, plant
and equipment 

Plant
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is calculated on
the straight-line basis over the following expected useful lives from the date on which they become fully operational and after taking
into account their estimated residual values: 

Expected useful lives 
 
 Computer equipment 
 3 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 5 years 
 
 Renovation 
 5 years 

Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

Impairment of long-lived
assets 

In
accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ", all long-lived assets such
as plant and equipment and intangible assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is evaluated by a comparison
of the carrying amount of an asset to its estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets
are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amounts of the assets exceed
the fair value of the assets. There has been no impairment charge for the periods presented. 

Revenue recognition 

The
Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASU
2014-09"). Under ASU 2014-09, the Company applies the following five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to
be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements: 

Identify the contract
with a customer; 

Identify the performance
obligations in the contract; 

Determine the transaction
price; 

Allocate the transaction
price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

Recognize revenue
as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

38 

The
Company generates its revenues from a diversified a mix of e-commerce activities that correspond to our four business segments (business
to consumer or B2C ), grocery and food delivery (B2C), telecommunication reseller (B2C) and the services providing to merchants
for their business growth (business to business or B2B ). 

 The
Company s performance obligations include providing connectivity between merchants and consumers, generally through an online ordering
platform. The platform allows merchants to create an account, display a menu and track their sale reports on the merchant facing application.
The platform also allows the consumers to create an account and order from merchants on the consumer facing application. The platform
allows a delivery company to accept an online delivery request and deliver or ship an order from a merchant to customer. 

 Lifestyle 

 The
Company has developed an online lifestyle platform (the Lifestyle Platform under its own brand name of Leflair 
to enable consumers to purchase high-end brands in many categories. Using the Company s smart search engine, consumers search or
review their favorite brands among hundreds of choices in various categories, including Apparel, Bags Shoes, Accessories, Health
 Beauty, Home Lifestyle, International, Women, Men and Kids Babies categories. The Lifestyle Platform also allows customers
to order from hundreds of vendor choices with personalized promotions based on their individual purchase history and location. The platform
has also partnered with a Vietnam-based delivery company, Amilo, to offer seamless delivery of product from merchant to consumer s
home or office at the touch of a button. Consumers can place orders for delivery or can collect their purchases at the Company s
logistics center. 

 Grocery
and Food Delivery 

 Other
online platforms include online platforms in Vietnam, under the brand name of Handycart , and Philippines, under the brand
names of Pushkart and Mangan , to enable the consumers to purchase meals from restaurants and food from local
grocery and food merchants and deliver to them in their area. 

 Telecommunications 

 The
Company operates a Singapore-based online telecommunication reseller platform under brand name of Gorilla to enable the
consumers to subscribe local mobile data and overseas internet data in different subscription package. Established in Singapore in 2019,
Gorilla utilizes blockchain and Web3 technology to operate a MVNO for its users in South East Asia (SEA). With network coverage to over
150 countries, Gorilla offers a full suite of mobile communication services such as local calls, international roaming, data, and SMS
texting. More importantly, Gorilla enables its customers to convert unused mobile data into digital assets or Gorilla GO Tokens through
its innovative proprietary blockchain-based SwitchBack feature. Gorilla GO Tokens in turn can be redeemed for eVouchers, to offset future
bills, or be redeemed for other value-added services. Please visit https://gorilla.global/ for more information. 

 Digital
Media 

 The
acquisition of a digital media platform, TMG, amplifies the reach and engagement of the Company s e-commerce ecosystem and retail
partners. Originally founded in 2010, TMG today creates and distributes digital advertising campaigns across its multi-channel network
in both SEA and the US. With its intimate knowledge of local markets, digital marketing technology tools and social commerce business
focus, advertisers leverage TMG s wide influencer network throughout SEA to market and sell advertising inventory exclusively with
specific placement and effect. 

 As
a result, Thoughtful Media s content creator partners earn a larger share of advertising revenues from international consumer brands.
Thoughtful Media s data-rich multi-channel network has uploaded over 675,000 videos with over 80 billion video views. The current
network of 263 YouTube channels has onboarded over 85 million subscribers with an average monthly viewership of over 600 million views. 

 Travel 

 The
Company purchased the Nusatrip Group, a leading Jakarta-based Online Travel Agency OTA in Indonesia and across SEA. The
Nusatrip acquisition extended SoPa s business reach into SEA regional travel industry and marked the Company s first foray
into Indonesia. Established in 2013 as the first Indonesian OTA accredited by the International Air Transport Association, Nusatrip
pioneered offering a comprehensive range of airlines and hotels to Indonesian corporate and retail customers. With its first mover advantage,
Nusatrip has onboarded over 1.2 million registered users, over 500 airlines and over 200,000 hotels around the world as well as connected
with over 80 million unique visitors. 

39 

The
Company s e-Commerce business is primarily conducted using Leflair s Lifestyle Platform, as follows: 

1) When a customer
places an order on either the Leflair website or app, a sales orders report will be generated in the system. The Company will either
fulfill this order from its inventory or purchase the item from the manufacturer or distributor. Once the Company has the item in its
distribution center, it will contract with a logistics partner delivered to the end customer. The sale is recognized when the delivery
is completed by the logistics partner to the end customer. Sale of products are offered with a limited right of return ranging from 3
to 30 days, from the date of purchase and not subject to any product warranty. The Company is considered the principal in this e-commerce
transaction and reports revenue on a gross basis as the Company establishes the price of the product, has responsibility for fulfillment
of the order and retains the risk of collection. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of 2,118,191 and 482,002 respectively, in the Lifestyle
sector. 

 The
Company s Merchant POS offers both software and hardware products and services to vendors, as follows: - 

 Software
sales consist of: 

1) Subscription fees
consist of the fees that the Company charge merchants to obtain access to the Merchant Marketing Program. 

2) The Company provides
optional add-on software services which includes Analytics and Chat box capabilities at a fixed fee per month. 

3) The Company collects
commissions when they sell third party hardware and equipment (cashier stations, waiter tablets and printers) to merchants. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of 23,801 and 37,481, respectively, from software fees. 

 Hardware
sales the Company generally is involved with the sale of on-premises appliances and end-point devices. The single performance
obligation is to transfer the hardware product (which is to be installed with its licensed software integral to the functionality of the
hardware product). The entire transaction price is allocated to the hardware product and is generally recognized as revenue at the time
of delivery because the customer obtains control of the product at that point in time. It is concluded that control generally transfers
at that point in time because the customer has title to the hardware, physical possession, and a present obligation to pay for the hardware.
Payments for hardware contracts are generally due 30 to 90 days after shipment of the hardware product. 

 The
Company records revenues from the sales of third-party products on a gross basis pursuant to ASC Topic 606 when the Company
controls the specified good before it is transferred to the end customer and have the risks and rewards as principal in the transaction,
such as responsibility for fulfillment, retaining the risk for collection, and establishing the price of the products. If these indicators
have not been met, or if indicators of net revenue reporting specified in ASC Topic 606 are present in the arrangement, revenue is recognized
net of related direct costs since in these instances we act as an agent. 

 Software
subscription fee The Company s performance obligation includes providing customer access to our software, generally through
a monthly subscription, where the Company typically satisfies its performance obligations prior to the submission of invoices to the customer
for such services. The Company s software sale arrangements grant customers the right to access and use the software products which
are to be installed with the relevant hardware for connectivity at the outset of an arrangement, and the customer is entitled to both
technical support and software upgrades and enhancements during the term of the agreement. The term of the subscription period is generally
12 months, with automatic one-year renewal. The subscription license service is billed monthly, quarterly or annually. Sales are generally
recorded in the month the service is provided. For clients who are billed on an annual basis, deferred revenue is recorded and amortized
over the life of the contract. Payments are generally due 30 to 90 days after delivery of the software licenses. 

40 

The
Company records its revenues, net of value added taxes VAT ), which is levied at the rate of 10 on the invoiced value of
sales. 

 Grocery
and food delivery consists of online grocery under brand name Pushkart and food delivery service under brand name
 Handycart as follows: 

 Customers
place order for groceries and take-out food through our online platforms of Pushkart and Handcart respectively.
When the grocery or food merchant receives and order, our platform will assign a third-party delivery service to pick up and deliver the
grocery and/or food order to the customer. Revenue is recognized when the grocery and/or food is delivered, at which time the customer
pays for the grocery and /or food order with cash, at Net of merchant cost. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of 150,999 and 0, respectively, from this stream. 

 As
a telecommunication reseller we provide local mobile data and overseas internet data plans under the brand name of Gorilla, 
which company we acquired in May 2022. Our telecommunication revenues are recorded for ASC Topic 606 purposes as follows: 

 Local
mobile plan - customers choose and subscribe to a monthly local mobile plan through our Gorilla online platform. The Company
will proceed to register the sim card (effectively, the mobile telephone number activation card) and arrange delivery of that Sim card
to the customer. Following Sim card activation, the system will capture the monthly data usage of each customer, calculated in accordance
with the package data capacity and monthly subscription rate, which amounts are aggregated and recorded as revenue. Unused data will be
converted to Rewards Points and carried forward to next month for potential subsequent data usage. As a result of the rewards points,
the company also recognize revenue from Rewards Point redemption for subscription fees offset, voucher redemption, extra data purchases,
that the customer chooses to use via our online platform. 

 Overseas
internet data plan a customer will place order for their desired overseas internet data plan through either the Gorilla 
online platform or third-party partner platforms. Subscription revenue is recognized when the Sim card is delivered and activated. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of 23,747 and 0, respectively, from telecommunications. 

 Digital
marketing provides the services that affiliate with multiple YouTube channels to offer services that include audience development,
content programming, creator collaborations, digital right managements, monetization, and/or sales as follows: 

 The
Company is required to establish as Multi-Channel Network (MCN) for YouTube Creators and fulfilled the basic MCN guidelines on timely
basis. The Company engages the creator in contract as a platform to nurture the creator in brainstorming creative content ideas, coaching
on growing their audience size and connection with top brands. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of 2,593,674 and 0, respectively, from this stream. 

 Online
ticketing and reservation provide information, prices, availability, booking services for domestic and international air travel
and hotels as follows: 

 The
Company s revenues are substantially reported on a net basis as the travel supplier is primarily responsible for providing the underlying
travel services and the Company does not control the service provided by the travel supplier to the traveler. Revenue from air ticketing
services, air ticket commission, hotel reservation and refund margin are substantially recognized at a point of time when the performance
obligations that are satisfied. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of 724,991 and 0, respectively, from this stream. 

41 

Contract
assets 

 In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, a contract asset arises when the Company transfers a good or performs a service in advance of receiving
consideration from the customer as agreed upon. A contract asset becomes a receivable once the Company s right to receive consideration
becomes unconditional. 

 There
were contract assets balance was 20,310 and 0 on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Contract
liabilities 

 In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, a contract liability represents the Company s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
when the customer prepays for a good or service or when the customer s consideration is due for goods and services that the Company
will yet provide whichever happens earlier. 

 Contract
liabilities represent amounts collected from, or invoiced to, customers in excess of revenues recognized, primarily from the billing of
annual subscription agreements. The value of contract liabilities will increase or decrease based on the timing of invoices and recognition
of revenue. The Company s contract liability balance was 1,405,090 and 25,229 on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Software development
costs 

In
accordance with the relevant FASB accounting guidance regarding the development of software to be sold, leased, or marketed, the Company
expenses such costs as they are incurred until technological feasibility has been established, at and after which time these costs are
capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Once the technological feasibility is established per ASC
Topic 985, Software, the Company capitalizes costs associated with the acquisition or development of major software for internal and external
use in the balance sheet. These capitalized software costs are ratably amortized over the period of the software s estimated useful
life. Costs incurred to enhance the Company s software products, after general market release of the services using the products,
is expensed in the period they are incurred. The Company only capitalizes subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades to internally
developed software to the extent that such changes allow the software to perform a task it previously did not perform. The Company also
expenses website costs as incurred. 

 Research
and development expenditures arising from the development of the Company s own software are charged to operations as incurred. For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, software development costs were 72,999 and 95,809, respectively. Based on the software
development process, technological feasibility is established upon completion of a working model, which also requires certification and
extensive testing. Costs incurred by the Company between completion of the working model and the point at which the product is ready for
general release have, to date, been immaterial and have been expensed as incurred. 

Cost of sales 

Cost
of sales under online ordering consist of the cost of merchandizes ordered by the consumers and the related shipping and handling costs,
which are directly attributable to the sales of online ordering. 

 Cost
of sales related to software sales consist of the cost of software and payroll costs, which are directly attributable to the sales of
software. Cost of sales related to hardware sales consist of the cost of hardware and payroll costs, which are directly attributable to
the sales of hardware. 

 Cost
of sales related to grocery and food delivery consist of the cost of the outsourced delivery and the outsource payment gateway, which
are directly attributable to the sales of grocery and food delivery. 

 Cost
of sales related to our telecommunication data reseller segment consist of the cost of the primary telecommunication service, which are
directly attributable to the sales of telecommunication data. 

 Cost
of sales under digital marketing consist of the cost of primary digital marketing service, which are directly attributable to the sales
of digital marketing. 

42 

Shipping and handling
costs 

No
shipping and handling costs are associated with the distribution of the products to the customers since those costs are borne by the Company s
suppliers or distributors for our merchant POS business. 

 The
shipping and handling costs for all segments other than our e-commerce segment are recorded net in sales. For shipping costs related to
our e-commerce business, those shipping costs are recorded in cost of sales. 

Sales and marketing 

Sales
and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel,
and the costs of advertising, promotions, seminars, and other programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense
was 997,784 and 327,195 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Product warranties 

The
Company s provision for estimated future warranty costs is based upon the historical relationship of warranty claims to sales. Based
upon historical sales trends and warranties provided by the Company s suppliers, the Company has concluded that no warranty liability
is required as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. To date, product allowance and returns have been minimal and, based on its experience, the
Company believes that returns of its products will continue to be minimal, although it looks at this issue every quarter to continue to
support its assertion. 

Income tax 

The
Company adopted the ASC 740 Income Tax provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits
claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13,
the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will
be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the
consolidated financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent
(50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material
adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13. 

 The
estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying
balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred
tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

 In
addition to U.S. income taxes, the Company and its wholly-owned foreign subsidiary, is subject to income taxes in the jurisdictions in
which it operates. Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income tax, there may be transactions and calculations
for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The company recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on the
Company s current understanding of the tax law. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the carrying amounts,
such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. 

Foreign currencies
translation and transactions 

The
reporting currency of the Company is the United States Dollar (" ") and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed
in s. In addition, the Company s subsidiary is operating in the Republic of Vietnam, Singapore, India and Philippines and maintains
its books and record in its local currency, Vietnam Dong VND ), Singapore Dollar SGD ), Indian Rupee INR ),
Philippines Pesos PHP ), Malaysian Ringgit MYR), Thailand Baht THB and Indonesian Rupiah IDR ),
respectively, which are the functional currencies in which the subsidiary s operations are conducted. In general, for consolidation
purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not are translated into s, in accordance with ASC
Topic 830, Translation of Financial Statement ASC 830") using the applicable exchange rates on the balance sheet
date. Shareholders equity is translated using historical rates. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing
during the period. The gains and losses resulting from the translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as
a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within the statements of changes in shareholder s equity. 

43 

Schedule
of Foreign currencies translation and transactions 

 Translation
of amounts from SGD into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end SGD : exchange rate 
 0.7450 
 0.7409 
 
 Period average SGD : exchange rate 
 0.7254 
 0.7404 

Translation
of amounts from VND into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end VND : exchange rate 
 0.000042 
 0.000044 
 
 Period average VND : exchange rate 
 0.000043 
 0.000043 

Translation
of amounts from INR into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end INR : exchange rate 
 0.0121 
 0.0134 
 
 Period average INR : exchange rate 
 0.0127 
 0.0135 

Translation
of amounts from PHP into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end PHP: exchange rate 
 0.0179 
 N/A 
 
 Period average PHP: exchange rate 
 0.0184 
 N/A 

Translation
of amounts from THB into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end THB: exchange rate 
 0.0288 
 N/A 
 
 Period average THB: exchange rate 
 0.0286 
 N/A 

Translation
of amounts from MYR into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end MYR: exchange rate 
 0.2265 
 N/A 
 
 Period average MYR: exchange rate 
 0.2275 
 N/A 

Translation
of amounts from IDR into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end IDR: exchange rate 
 0.000064 
 N/A 
 
 Period average IDR: exchange rate 
 0.000067 
 N/A 

44 

Translation
gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
are translated, as the case may be, at the rate on the date of the transaction and included in the results of operations as incurred. 

Comprehensive income 

ASC
Topic 220, Comprehensive Income ", establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components
and accumulated balances. Comprehensive income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated
other comprehensive income, as presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity, consists
of changes in unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation
of income tax expense or benefit. 

Earnings per share 

Basic
per share amounts are calculated using the weighted average shares outstanding during the year, excluding unvested restricted stock units.
The Company uses the treasury stock method to determine the dilutive effect of stock options and other dilutive instruments. Under the
treasury stock method, only in the money dilutive instruments impact the diluted calculations in computing diluted earnings
per share. Diluted calculations reflect the weighted average incremental common shares that would be issued upon exercise of dilutive
options assuming the proceeds would be used to repurchase shares at average market prices for the years. 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding is equal to basic weighted-average common
shares, due to the Company s net loss position. Hence, no common stock equivalents were included in the computation of diluted net
loss per share since such inclusion would have been antidilutive. 

 Schedule
of computation of diluted net loss per share: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss attributable to Society Pass Incorporated 
 (33,786,107 
 (34,765,145 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 
 24,429,526 
 9,443,741 
 
 Net loss per share Basic and diluted 
 (1.38 
 (3.68 

The
following potentially dilutive securities outstanding have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding,
because such securities had an antidilutive impact: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Options to purchase common stock (a) 
 1,945,270 
 1,945,270 
 
 Warrants granted to underwriter 
 3,793,929 
 144,445 
 
 Warrants granted with Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (b) 
 
 1,158,000 
 
 Total of common stock equivalents 
 5,739,199 
 3,247,715 

(a) 
 The
 Board of Directors have approved a 10-year stock option at an exercise price of 6.49 per share that will be exercisable at any time. 
 
 (b) 
 The
 expiry date of warrants granted with Series C-1 was extended to June 30, 2022. 

45 

Leases 

The
Company adopted Topic 842, Leases ASC 842") to determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are
included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
Finance leases are included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets. 

 ROU
assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation
to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on
the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company
generally use the incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term
of the lease payments at commencement date. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives.
The lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that
option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

 In
accordance with the guidance in ASC 842, components of a lease should be split into three categories: lease components (e.g., land, building,
etc.), non-lease components (e.g. common area maintenance, consumables, etc.), and non-components (e.g. property taxes, insurance, etc.).
Subsequently, the fixed and in-substance fixed contract consideration (including any related to non-components) must be allocated based
on the respective relative fair values to the lease components and non-lease components. 

 When
a lease is terminated before the expiration of the lease term, irrespective of whether the lease is classified as a finance lease or an
operating lease, the lessee would derecognize the ROU asset and corresponding lease liability. Any difference would be recognized as a
gain or loss related to the termination of the lease. Similarly, if a lessee is required to make any payments or receives any consideration
when terminating the lease, it would include such amounts in the determination of the gain or loss upon termination. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded the right of use asset of 1,537,670 and 627,968 respectively. 

Retirement plan
costs 

Contributions
to retirement plans (which are defined contribution plans) are charged to general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operation as the related employee service is provided. 

Share-based compensation 

The
Company follows ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718"), which requires the measurement
and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards (employee and non-employee), at grant-date fair value of the
equity instruments that an entity is obligated to issue. Restricted stock units are valued using the market price of the Company s
common shares on the date of grant. The Company uses a Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock
options at the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, those shares issued and stock options granted for service compensation, vest 180
days after the grant date, and therefore these amounts are thus recognized as expense during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021.
Stock-based compensation is recorded in general and administrative expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other
Comprehensive Loss, with corresponding credits to common stock and accumulated paid-in capital. 

46 

Warrants 

In
connection with certain financing, consulting and collaboration arrangements, the Company has issued warrants to purchase shares of its
preferred and common stock. The outstanding warrants are standalone instruments that are not puttable or mandatorily redeemable by the
holder and are classified as equity awards. The Company measures the fair value of the awards using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model
as of the measurement date. The Company uses a Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the grant date fair value of the warrants.
Warrants issued in conjunction with the issuance of common stock are initially recorded at fair value as a reduction in additional paid-in
capital (the accounting treatment for common stock issuance costs). All other warrants are recorded at the grant date fair value as an
expense over the requisite service period, or at the date of issuance if the warrants vest immediately. 

Related parties 

The
Company follows ASC 850-10, Related Party Disclosures ASC 850") for the identification of related parties and
the disclosure of related party transactions. 

 Pursuant
to ASC 850, the related parties include a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would
be required, absent the election of the fair value option under ASC 825, Financial Instruments , to be accounted for by the
equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and income-sharing trusts that are managed
by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which
the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent
that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting
parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully
pursuing its own separate interests. 

 The
consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements,
expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated
in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required by ASC 850. The disclosures shall include: a) the
nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts
were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding
of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which
income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding
period; and d) amount due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the
terms and manner of settlement. 

Commitments and
contingencies 

The
Company follows the ASC 450, Commitments , to account for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial
statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur
or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, which assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing
loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings,
the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount
of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

 If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can
be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment
indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated,
then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

 Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.
Management does not believe, based upon information available, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely
affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows if the current level of facts and circumstances
changes in the future. 

47 

Fair value of financial
instruments 

The
Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial
instruments and has adopted paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Paragraph 820-10-35-37") to measure
the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework
for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To
increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value
into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph
820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below: 

 Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

Financial
assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar
techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

 The
fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one
level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the
instrument. 

 The
carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, deposits,
prepayments and other receivables, contract liabilities, accrued liabilities and other payables, amounts due to related parties and operating
lease liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard
setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. 

 In
June 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement
of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions ASU 2022-03). This ASU was issued to resolve differences
in practice regarding how to record the issuance of common stock with sale restrictions that pertain to the receiving party. The FASB
concluded in ASU 2022-03 that these types of restrictions were not attributes of the stock issued but related to the parties to whom the
stock was issued. As a result, the ASU 2022-03 requires companies to record the issuance of this type of restricted stock at its face
value (i.e., not discount the stock because the receiving party can t immediately sell the stock). From time-to-time, the Company
may acquire another company in a transaction in which Company restricted stock is issued. The Company has reviewed ASU 2022-03 and does
not expect that it will affect the Company. 

 All
other recently issued, but not yet effective, 2022 Accounting Standards Updates are not expected to have an effect on the Company. 

 Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

 As
a Smaller Reporting Company , this Item and the related disclosure is not required. 

48 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 SOCIETY
PASS INCORPORATED 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Onestop Assurance PAC, PCAOB ID 6732) 
 50 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (RBSM LLP, NY PCAOB ID 587) 
 51 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 52 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 53 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 54 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 56 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 

49 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and
Shareholders of Society Pass Incorporated and its subsidiaries 

 Opinion on the consolidated
financial statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Society Pass Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity, and
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the United States Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /s/ 

 We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2022 

 PCAOB ID 

March 22, 2023 

50 

805 Third Avenue 
 Suite 1430 
 New York, NY - 10022 
 212.838.5100 
 212.838.2676/Fax 
 www.rbsmllp.com 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Society
Pass Incorporated and subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the consolidated financial statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Society Pass Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, other comprehensive loss, equity (deficit), and cash flows for the period ended December
31, 2021, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the United
States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /s/ RBSM LLP 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

 PCAOB
ID 587 

 New
York, NY 

 March
28, 2022 

51 

SOCIETY
PASS INCORPORATED 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars (" ")) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Contract assets 

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 

Intangible assets, net 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right of use assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payables 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Amount due to related parties 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Amount due to first insurance funding 

Loan 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Convertible preferred shares; par value, shares authorized, and shares undesignated as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series A shares: shares designated; and Series A shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series B shares: shares designated; and Series B shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series B-1 shares: shares designated; and Series B-1 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series C shares: shares designated; and Series C shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, net of issuance cost 

Series C-1 shares: shares designated; and Series C-1 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, net of issuance cost 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock, par value, shares designated; and Series X shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common shares; par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total equity attributable to Society Pass Incorporated 

Non-controlling interest 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

52 

SOCIETY
PASS INCORPORATED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND 

 OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars (" ")) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue, net 

Sales online ordering 

Sales digital marketing 

Sales online ticketing and reservation 

Sales data 

Software sales 

Hardware sales 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales: 

Cost of online ordering 

Cost of digital marketing 

Cost of online ticketing and reservation 

Cost of data 

Software sales 

Hardware sales 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross income (loss) 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Software development costs 

Impairment loss 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Dividend income 

Gain on early lease termination 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Loss on settlement of litigation 

Warrant modification expense 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-SOCIETY PASS INCORPORATED 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Foreign currency translation adjustment attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Society Pass Incorporated 

Net loss per share attributable to Society Pass Incorporated: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

53 

SOCIETY
PASS INCORPORATED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars (" ")) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Preferred Stock 
 Common stock 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
 Accumulated deficits 
 Non-controlling interests 
 Total equity 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Shares issued for services 

Shares issued for accrued salaries 

Sale of units in public offering (net of expense) 

Shares issued to acquire subsidiary 

Share issued upon the exercise of warrant 

Share issued for accrued services 

Shares issued to acquire non-controlling interest 

Shares issued for director s remuneration 

Share issued for acquire business operation 

Share issued upon the exercise options 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for the year 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

54 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common stock 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
 Accumulated deficits 
 Non-controlling interests 
 Total
equity 

Balance as of January 1, 2021 

() 
 
 Imputed interest 

Shares issued for services 

Shares awards issued for services 

Shares issued for accrued salaries 

Loss on fair value of shares issued for accrued salaries 

Share cancellation 

Sale of units in initial public offering (net of expense) 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon IPO closing 

Fair value of stock option granted for director s bonus 

Shares issued to acquire non-controlling interest 

Share issued upon the exercise of warrant 

Share issued for consultancy fee and salaries 

Share issued for director 

Forgiveness of related party debt 

Preferred stock C1 warrant modification related expense 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 
 
 Net loss for the period 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

55 

SOCIETY
PASS INCORPORATED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars (" ")) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain from early lease termination 

Impairment loss 

Imputed interest 

Financing charges first insurance funding 

Loss on settlement of litigation 

Stock based compensation for services 

Warrant modification expense (non-cash) 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 

Contract assets 

Contract liabilities 

Accounts payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Advances to related parties 

Right of use assets 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of investment assets 

Purchase of property, plant, and equipment 

Purchase of subsidiary 

Purchase of assets in a business operation 

Cash from purchase of subsidiary and business operation 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceed from the issuance of preferred stock and exercise of warrants into preferred stock 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of offering expenses 

Repayment of loan 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect on exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AT END OF YEAR 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Shares issued to acquire subsidiary 

Shares issued to acquire business operation 

Shares issued for accrued services 

Impact of adoption of ASC 842 - lease obligation and ROU asset 

Waiver of related party debt accounted as capital transaction 

Fair value of preferred stock issued for services 

Fair value of preferred stock accounted and included for issuance cost 

Common stock issued for accrued salaries 

Shares cancellation 

Prepaid insurance financed by first insurance funding 

Common stock issued for the conversion of preferred stock 

Derecognized lease ROU assets and lease liability on early termination 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

56 

SOCIETY
PASS INCORPORATED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars (" ")) 

of the equity interest of New Retail Experience Incorporated and Dream Space Trading
Company Limited through its subsidiary Push Delivery Pte Limited, which two companies mainly provide an on-line grocery and food
delivery platform in the Philippines and Vietnam respectively. 

In May 2022, the
Company completed another acquisition of of the equity interests of Gorilla Networks Pte Ltd, Gorilla Mobile Pte Ltd, Gorilla
Connects Pte Ltd and Gorilla Networks (VN) Co Ltd (collectively, Gorilla Networks ), a food delivery service. 

On July 7, 2022,
the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Thoughtful Media Group Incorporated collectively acquired of the equity interests
of Thoughtful Media Group Incorporated and AdActive Media, Inc. (collectively Thoughtful Media ), whose business provides
services to advertisers that helps to make internet advertising more effective. 

On July 21, 2022,
the Company acquired of the equity interests of Mangan PH Food Delivery Service Corp. Mangan), a Philippines restaurant
and grocery delivery business. 

On August 15, 2022,
the Company and its -owned subsidiary SOPA Technology, Pte, Ltd., collectively acquired 75 of the outstanding capital stock
of Nusatrip International Pte Ltd. Nusatrip and also purchased all of the outstanding capital stock of PT Tunas Sukses
Mandiri Tunas ), a company existing under the law of the Republic of Indonesia, and both engaged in online ticketing and
reservation services. 

On
February 10, 2021, the Company effected a forward stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common
stock. The number of authorized shares and par value remain unchanged. All share and per share information in these financial statements
and its footnotes have been retroactively adjusted for the years presented, unless otherwise indicated, to give effect to the forward
stock split. 

 On
September 21, 2021, the Company effected a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common
stock. The number of authorized shares and par value remain unchanged. All share and per share information in these financial statements
and its footnotes have been retroactively adjusted for the years presented, unless otherwise indicated, to give effect to the reverse
stock split. 

 The
forward stock split and reverse stock split transactions described above had no effect on the stated value of the preferred stock and
the number of designated shares and outstanding shares of each series of preferred stock was unchanged in accordance with the respective
certificate of designations. The number of authorized shares of preferred stock also remained unchanged. 

 The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering became effective on November 8, 2021. On November 8, 2021, the
Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Maxim Group LLC (the Underwriter related to the offering of 
shares of the Company s common stock (the Firm Shares ), at a public offering price of per share. Under the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days, to purchase an additional 
shares of common stock (the Option Shares to cover over-allotments. The Company raised gross proceeds of and
 from its initial public offering and from the sale of the Option Shares, respectively. 

On
February 8, 2022, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with the Underwriter,
related to the offering of 3,030,300 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up
to shares of common stock of the Company (the Warrants ). Each Share was sold together with one Warrant to purchase
one Share at a combined offering price of . In addition, the Company granted the Underwriter a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase
up to an additional Shares and/or Warrants, at the public offering price, less discounts and commissions. On February 10, 2022,
the Underwriter gave notice to the Company of the full exercise of their over-allotment option and that delivery of the overallotment
securities was made on February 11, 2022. 

 Description
of subsidiaries incorporated by the Company 

 Schedule
of Description of subsidiaries 

, 

,

The
Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as (the Company ). 

, a working capital surplus of and accumulated deficit .
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of and net cash used in operating activities of .
Net cash provided by investing activities was . Net cash provided by financing activities was , resulting principally
from net proceeds from IPO public offering and net proceeds from the C1 warrants exercised. The Company also repaid
 of First Insurance Funding loan during 2022. 

 While
the Company believes that it will be able to continue to grow the Company s revenue base and control expenditures, there is no assurance
that it will be able to achieve these goals. As a result, the Company continually monitors its capital structure and operating plans and
evaluates various potential funding alternatives that may be needed to finance the Company s business development activities, general
and administrative expenses and growth strategy. The consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
have been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability
and classifications of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the inability of the Company to continue
as a going concern 

 COVID-19
(Delta and Omicron variants) and other Global Events 

 COVID-19
has globally resulted in loss of life, business shutdowns, restrictions on travel, and widespread cancellation of social gatherings. The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be
predicted at this time, including: 

new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of the disease in Vietnam and SEA; 

the duration and
spread of the outbreak; 

the severity of
travel restrictions imposed by geographic areas in which we operate, mandatory or voluntary business closures; 

regulatory actions
taken in response to the pandemic, which may impact merchant operations, consumer and merchant pricing, and our product offerings; 

other business
disruptions that affect our workforce; 

the impact on capital
and financial markets; and 

action taken throughout
the world, including in markets in which we operate, to contain the COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact. 

In
addition, the current outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread global health crisis and adversely affected global economies and
financial markets, and similar public health threats could do so in the future. Such events have impacted, and could in the future impact,
demand for merchants and consumer purchase patterns, which in turn, could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 

Since
the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in March and April 2020, all our POS merchant clients are affected by COVID-19 measures for F B
to temporary stop restaurant dine ins. 

Some of our restaurant
clients ceased operations permanently and many were closed since June 2020 without any notice of reopening their business to date. 

Our largest POS
client, a hotel chain for which we provide POS services to their F B business in their hotels, ceased operations in two out of nine
hotels since April 2020. 

With
the ongoing pandemic, Company faces challenges in our operation as follows: 

Disruption of operation
in Vietnam, Philippines, India, Singapore and US where staffs have to work from home. 

The coordination
of rebooting of company s recent asset acquisition of NREI and Dream Space, which are the F B Delivery platforms in operate
in Philippines and Vietnam respectively. 

Application of
licenses are delayed as government agencies take longer time to review and process time. 

HR process to hire
personnel are generally slow due to people not willing to leave their current job, company have to spend more time and resource. 

The
spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including employee travel, employee work locations in certain cases,
and cancellation of physical participation in certain meetings, events and conferences and further actions may be taken as required or
recommended by government authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and other business partners.
We are monitoring the global outbreak of the pandemic, in SEA, especially Vietnam and are taking steps in an effort to identify and mitigate
the adverse impacts on, and risks to, our business posed by its spread and the governmental and community reactions thereto. See Risk
Factors--Our business may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. 

 The
Russian-Ukraine war and the supply chain disruption have not affected any specific segment of our business. 

and , respectively. 

 The
Company currently has bank deposits with financial institutions in the U.S. which exceed FDIC insurance limits. FDIC insurance provides
protection for bank deposits up to , so there was uninsured balance of and as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. In addition, the Company has uninsured bank deposits of and with a financial institution outside
the U.S as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All uninsured bank deposits are held at high quality credit institutions. 

 and , respectively. 

need for allowance for doubtful accounts. 

 and , respectively. The inventories were amounted to 
and as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years 

Office
 equipment 

years 

Renovation 

years 

Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

As
a result, Thoughtful Media s content creator partners earn a larger share of advertising revenues from international consumer brands.
Thoughtful Media s data-rich multi-channel network has uploaded over 675,000 videos with over 80 billion video views. The current
network of 263 YouTube channels has onboarded over 85 million subscribers with an average monthly viewership of over 600 million views. 

 Travel 

 The
Company purchased the Nusatrip Group, a leading Jakarta-based Online Travel Agency OTA in Indonesia and across SEA. The
Nusatrip acquisition extended SoPa s business reach into SEA regional travel industry and marked the Company s first foray
into Indonesia. Established in 2013 as the first Indonesian OTA accredited by the International Air Transport Association, Nusatrip
pioneered offering a comprehensive range of airlines and hotels to Indonesian corporate and retail customers. With its first mover advantage,
Nusatrip has onboarded over 1.2 million registered users, over 500 airlines and over 200,000 hotels around the world as well as connected
with over 80 million unique visitors. 

 The
Company s e-Commerce business is primarily conducted using Leflair s Lifestyle Platform, as follows: 

1) When a customer
places an order on either the Leflair website or app, a sales orders report will be generated in the system. The Company will either
fulfill this order from its inventory or purchase the item from the manufacturer or distributor. Once the Company has the item in its
distribution center, it will contract with a logistics partner delivered to the end customer. The sale is recognized when the delivery
is completed by the logistics partner to the end customer. Sale of products are offered with a limited right of return ranging from 3
to 30 days, from the date of purchase and not subject to any product warranty. The Company is considered the principal in this e-commerce
transaction and reports revenue on a gross basis as the Company establishes the price of the product, has responsibility for fulfillment
of the order and retains the risk of collection. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of and respectively, in the Lifestyle
sector. 

 The
Company s Merchant POS offers both software and hardware products and services to vendors, as follows: - 

 Software
sales consist of: 

1) Subscription fees
consist of the fees that the Company charge merchants to obtain access to the Merchant Marketing Program. 

2) The Company provides
optional add-on software services which includes Analytics and Chat box capabilities at a fixed fee per month. 

3) The Company collects
commissions when they sell third party hardware and equipment (cashier stations, waiter tablets and printers) to merchants. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of and , respectively, from software fees. 

 Hardware
sales the Company generally is involved with the sale of on-premises appliances and end-point devices. The single performance
obligation is to transfer the hardware product (which is to be installed with its licensed software integral to the functionality of the
hardware product). The entire transaction price is allocated to the hardware product and is generally recognized as revenue at the time
of delivery because the customer obtains control of the product at that point in time. It is concluded that control generally transfers
at that point in time because the customer has title to the hardware, physical possession, and a present obligation to pay for the hardware.
Payments for hardware contracts are generally due 30 to 90 days after shipment of the hardware product. 

 The
Company records revenues from the sales of third-party products on a gross basis pursuant to ASC Topic 606 when the Company
controls the specified good before it is transferred to the end customer and have the risks and rewards as principal in the transaction,
such as responsibility for fulfillment, retaining the risk for collection, and establishing the price of the products. If these indicators
have not been met, or if indicators of net revenue reporting specified in ASC Topic 606 are present in the arrangement, revenue is recognized
net of related direct costs since in these instances we act as an agent. 

Software
subscription fee The Company s performance obligation includes providing customer access to our software, generally through
a monthly subscription, where the Company typically satisfies its performance obligations prior to the submission of invoices to the customer
for such services. The Company s software sale arrangements grant customers the right to access and use the software products which
are to be installed with the relevant hardware for connectivity at the outset of an arrangement, and the customer is entitled to both
technical support and software upgrades and enhancements during the term of the agreement. The term of the subscription period is generally
12 months, with automatic one-year renewal. The subscription license service is billed monthly, quarterly or annually. Sales are generally
recorded in the month the service is provided. For clients who are billed on an annual basis, deferred revenue is recorded and amortized
over the life of the contract. Payments are generally due 30 to 90 days after delivery of the software licenses. 

 The
Company records its revenues, net of value added taxes VAT ), which is levied at the rate of 10 on the invoiced value of
sales. 

 Grocery
and food delivery consists of online grocery under brand name Pushkart and food delivery service under brand name
 Handycart as follows: 

 Customers
place order for groceries and take-out food through our online platforms of Pushkart and Handcart respectively.
When the grocery or food merchant receives and order, our platform will assign a third-party delivery service to pick up and deliver the
grocery and/or food order to the customer. Revenue is recognized when the grocery and/or food is delivered, at which time the customer
pays for the grocery and /or food order with cash, at Net of merchant cost. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of and , respectively, from this stream. 

 As
a telecommunication reseller we provide local mobile data and overseas internet data plans under the brand name of Gorilla, 
which company we acquired in May 2022. Our telecommunication revenues are recorded for ASC Topic 606 purposes as follows: 

 Local
mobile plan - customers choose and subscribe to a monthly local mobile plan through our Gorilla online platform. The Company
will proceed to register the sim card (effectively, the mobile telephone number activation card) and arrange delivery of that Sim card
to the customer. Following Sim card activation, the system will capture the monthly data usage of each customer, calculated in accordance
with the package data capacity and monthly subscription rate, which amounts are aggregated and recorded as revenue. Unused data will be
converted to Rewards Points and carried forward to next month for potential subsequent data usage. As a result of the rewards points,
the company also recognize revenue from Rewards Point redemption for subscription fees offset, voucher redemption, extra data purchases,
that the customer chooses to use via our online platform. 

 Overseas
internet data plan a customer will place order for their desired overseas internet data plan through either the Gorilla 
online platform or third-party partner platforms. Subscription revenue is recognized when the Sim card is delivered and activated. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of and , respectively, from telecommunications. 

 Digital
marketing provides the services that affiliate with multiple YouTube channels to offer services that include audience development,
content programming, creator collaborations, digital right managements, monetization, and/or sales as follows: 

 The
Company is required to establish as Multi-Channel Network (MCN) for YouTube Creators and fulfilled the basic MCN guidelines on timely
basis. The Company engages the creator in contract as a platform to nurture the creator in brainstorming creative content ideas, coaching
on growing their audience size and connection with top brands. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of and , respectively, from this stream. 

Online
ticketing and reservation provide information, prices, availability, booking services for domestic and international air travel
and hotels as follows: 

 The
Company s revenues are substantially reported on a net basis as the travel supplier is primarily responsible for providing the underlying
travel services and the Company does not control the service provided by the travel supplier to the traveler. Revenue from air ticketing
services, air ticket commission, hotel reservation and refund margin are substantially recognized at a point of time when the performance
obligations that are satisfied. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue of and , respectively, from this stream. 

 Contract
assets 

 In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, a contract asset arises when the Company transfers a good or performs a service in advance of receiving
consideration from the customer as agreed upon. A contract asset becomes a receivable once the Company s right to receive consideration
becomes unconditional. 

 There
were contract assets balance was and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Contract
liabilities 

 In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, a contract liability represents the Company s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
when the customer prepays for a good or service or when the customer s consideration is due for goods and services that the Company
will yet provide whichever happens earlier. 

 Contract
liabilities represent amounts collected from, or invoiced to, customers in excess of revenues recognized, primarily from the billing of
annual subscription agreements. The value of contract liabilities will increase or decrease based on the timing of invoices and recognition
of revenue. The Company s contract liability balance was and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 and , respectively. Based on the software
development process, technological feasibility is established upon completion of a working model, which also requires certification and
extensive testing. Costs incurred by the Company between completion of the working model and the point at which the product is ready for
general release have, to date, been immaterial and have been expensed as incurred. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Period
 average SGD : exchange rate 

Translation
of amounts from VND into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end
 VND : exchange rate 

Period
 average VND : exchange rate 

Translation
of amounts from INR into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end
 INR : exchange rate 

Period
 average INR : exchange rate 

Translation
of amounts from PHP into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end
 PHP: exchange rate 

N/A 

Period
 average PHP: exchange rate 

N/A 

Translation
of amounts from THB into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end
 THB: exchange rate 

N/A 

Period
 average THB: exchange rate 

N/A 

Translation
of amounts from MYR into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end
 MYR: exchange rate 

N/A 

Period
 average MYR: exchange rate 

N/A 

T ranslation
of amounts from IDR into has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Period-end
 IDR: exchange rate 

N/A 

Period
 average IDR: exchange rate 

N/A 

Translation
gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
are translated, as the case may be, at the rate on the date of the transaction and included in the results of operations as incurred. 

() 
 
 Weighted
 average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 

Net
 loss per share Basic and diluted 

() 

() 

The
following potentially dilutive securities outstanding have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding,
because such securities had an antidilutive impact: 

Warrants granted
 to underwriter 

Warrants
 granted with Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (b) 

Total
 of common stock equivalents 

(a) 

(b) 

and respectively. 

Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.
Management does not believe, based upon information available, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely
affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows if the current level of facts and circumstances
changes in the future. 

Sales digital marketing 

Sales online ticketing and reservation 

Sales data 

Software subscription sales 

Hardware sales 

Contract
liabilities recognized was related to online ticketing and reservation, digital marketing, telecommunication reseller and software sales
and the following is reconciliation for the periods presented: 

 Schedule
of Contract liabilities: 

Add: recognized as deferred revenue 

Less: recognized as revenue 

Contract liabilities, carried forward 

Schedule
of Segment Reporting 

Sales digital marketing 

Sales online ticketing and reservation 

Sales data 

Software sales 

Hardware sales 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales: 

Cost of online ordering 

Cost of online platform 

Sales online ticketing and reservation 

Cost of digital marketing 

Cost of data 

Software sales 

Hardware sales 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross income (loss) 

Operating Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Software development costs 

Impairment loss 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Dividend income 

Interest expense 

Gain from early lease termination 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Online F B and Groceries Deliveries 
 Digital Marketing 
 Online Ticketing and reservation 
 e-Commerce 
 Telecommunication Reseller 
 Merchant POS 
 Total 
 
 Revenue from external customers 

Sales online ordering 

Sales digital marketing 

Sales online ticketing and reservation 

Sales data 

Software sales 

Hardware sales 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales: 

Cost of online ordering 

Cost of digital marketing 

Cost of data 

Software sales 

Hardware sales 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross income (loss) 

Operating Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Software development costs 

Impairment loss 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Gain from early lease termination 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Loss on settlement of litigation 

Warrant modification expense 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

December 31, 2022 

Online F B and Groceries Deliveries 
 Digital Marketing 
 Online Ticketing and reservation 
 e-Commerce 
 Telecommunication Reseller 
 Merchant POS 
 Total 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

Identifiable assets 

December 31, 2021 

Online F B and Groceries Deliveries 
 Digital Marketing 
 Online Ticketing and reservation 
 e-Commerce 
 Telecommunication Reseller 
 Merchant POS 
 Total 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

Identifiable assets 

The
below sales are based on the countries in which the customer is located. Summarized financial information concerning our geographic segments
is shown in the following tables: 

Vietnam 

Philippines 

Singapore 

United States 

Thailand 

Malaysia 

Hong Kong 

equity interest in New Retail Experience Incorporated New Retail for total consideration of , comprised of shares of common stock, with a fair value of approximately and cash
consideration of The Company accounted for the transaction as the acquisition of a business. 

Cash paid 

Less cash received 

Purchase price 

The
transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method. Accordingly, goodwill has been measured as the excess of the total consideration
over the amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on our preliminary estimated fair values. 

 The
Company has allocated the purchase price consideration based upon the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
on the acquisition date. Management of the Company is responsible for determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed,
and intangible assets identified as of the acquisition date and considered a number of factors including valuations from management estimation.
Acquisition-related costs incurred for the acquisitions are not material and have been expensed as incurred in general and administrative
expense. 

 The
Company worked with an independent valuation firm to finalize the fair value of these identifiable assets and net liabilities assumed
and reallocated the purchase price of the acquisition based on the results of the independent evaluation since they are materially different
from the allocations as recorded on February 14, 2022. The fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in were as follows and
the purchase price allocation resulted in of goodwill. 

Other receivables 

Property and equipment 

Total acquired assets 

Less: Assumed liabilities 

Trade payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total Assumed liabilities 

Foreign exchange difference 

Fair value of net liabilities assumed 

Fair value of identifiable assets 

Goodwill recorded 

Cash consideration allocated 

Goodwill
is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Company recognized a goodwill impairment of during the year ended December
31, 2022, because there were continuous operating losses and negative cash flows incurred subsequent to the acquisition date. In accordance
with ASC 350, Goodwill Intangibles and Other , the Company recognized the goodwill impairment loss by comparing the fair
value of the New Retail reporting unit to the carrying amount of the acquisition. The carrying value of the acquisition was greater than
the fair value of the reporting unit which indicated that the goodwill was impaired. The impairment charge was determined as the difference
between the carrying amount of the acquisition and the fair value of the reporting unit and was charged to impairment loss in the operating
expense section of the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Loss. Goodwill impairments may not be subsequently
reversed. 

 The
following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisitions had been completed on January
1, 2022 and 2021. 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

(i) Acquisition
of Dream Space: 

 The
total consideration of the acquisition is cash consideration VND , (approximately ). The Company accounted for the transaction
as an acquisition of a business pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805"). 

Less cash received 

Purchase price 

Accordingly,
goodwill has been measured as the excess of the total consideration over the amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their preliminary estimated fair values. 

 The
purchase price allocation resulted in of goodwill, as below: 

Other receivables 

Cash 

Total acquired assets 

Less: Assumed liabilities 

Trade payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Total Assumed liabilities 

Fair value of net liabilities assumed 

Goodwill recorded 

Cash consideration allocated 

Under
the acquisition method of accounting, the total acquisition consideration price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their preliminary estimated fair values. The fair value measurements utilize estimates based on key assumptions of the Acquisition,
and historical and current market data. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price is based on the best information available and
is pending, among other things: (i) the finalization of the valuation of the fair values and useful lives of tangible assets acquired;
(ii) the finalization of the valuations and useful lives for the intangible assets acquired; (iii) finalization of the valuation of accounts
payable and accrued expenses; and (iv) finalization of the fair value of non-cash consideration. 

 The
Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations . The Company has
allocated the purchase price consideration based upon the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the
acquisition date. Management of the Company is responsible for determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and
intangible assets identified as of the acquisition date and considered a number of factors including valuations from management estimation.
Acquisition-related costs incurred for the acquisitions are not material and have been expensed as incurred in general and administrative
expense. 

 During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to conclude
that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there could be changes
to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances
that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these assets or liabilities as of that
date. No additional assets or liabilities were recognized during the measurement period, or the changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities
previously recognized. 

 The
following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisitions had been completed on January
1, 2022 and 2021. 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

(ii) Acquisition
of Gorilla: 

 On
May 31, 2022, the Company Buyer entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Gorilla Networks Pte Ltd. Gorilla for the acquisition of 100 of the equity interests in Gorilla for an aggregate purchase price equal to (i) the number of the Buyer s
shares of restricted common stock equal to the quotient of 150,000 divided by the closing price of the Buyer s common stock on
the Nasdaq Capital Market on the day immediately before the Closing Date Closing Price issued on the Closing Date First
Tranche and (ii) the number of the Buyer s shares of restricted common stock equal to the quotient of 1,000,000 (less the
amount of the First Tranche and the amount of the Assumed Liabilities) divided by the Closing Price issued on the six month anniversary
of the Closing Date Second Tranche ). The purchase price totaled approximately 1,000,000 less assumed liabilities
of ). The Company accounted for the transaction as an acquisition of a business, on May 31, 2022, pursuant to ASC 805, Business
Combinations ASC 805"). 

Less: cash received 

Purchase price 

The
Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation
S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired,
historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro forma information under Article 8 of Regulation S-X, respectively, are
not required to be presented. 

 The
transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method. Accordingly, goodwill has been measured as the excess of the total consideration
over the amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their preliminary estimated fair values. 

 The
Company worked with an independent valuation firm to finalize the fair value of these identifiable assets and net liabilities assumed
and reallocated the purchase price of the acquisition based on the results of the independent evaluation since they are materially different
from the allocations as recorded on May 31, 2022. The fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in were as follows and the
purchase price allocation resulted in of goodwill, as below: 

Trade receivables 

Other receivables 

Property and equipment 

Intangible asset 

Total acquired assets 

Less: Assumed liabilities 

Trade payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Amount due to related parties 

Amount due to shareholder 

Total acquired Liabilities 

Fair value of net assets assumed 

Goodwill recorded 

Net consideration allocated, net 

Under
the acquisition method of accounting, the total acquisition consideration price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their preliminary estimated fair values. The fair value measurements utilize estimates based on key assumptions of the Acquisition,
and historical and current market data. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price is based on the best information available and
is pending, amongst other things: (i) the finalization of the valuation of the fair values and useful lives of tangible assets acquired;
(ii) the finalization of the valuations and useful lives for the intangible assets acquired; (iii) finalization of the valuation of accounts
payable and accrued expenses; and (iv) finalization of the fair value of non-cash consideration. 

 The
Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations . The Company has
allocated the purchase price consideration based upon the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the
acquisition date. Management of the Company is responsible for determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and
intangible assets identified as of the acquisition date and considered a number of factors including valuations from management estimation.
Acquisition-related costs incurred for the acquisitions are not material and have been expensed as incurred in general and administrative
expense. 

 During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to conclude
that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there could be changes
to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances
that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these assets or liabilities as of that
date. 

 Goodwill
is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Company recognized a goodwill impairment of during the year ended December
31, 2022, because there were insufficient projected cash flows subsequent to the acquisition date. In accordance with ASC 350, Goodwill
 Intangibles and Other , the Company recognized the goodwill impairment loss by comparing the fair value of the New Retail reporting
unit to the carrying amount of the acquisition. The carrying value of the acquisition was greater than the fair value of the reporting
unit which indicated that the goodwill was impaired. The impairment charge was determined as the difference between the carrying amount
of the acquisition and the fair value of the reporting unit and was charged to impairment loss in the operating expense section of the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Loss. Goodwill impairments may not be subsequently reversed. 

 The
following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisitions had been completed on January
1, 2022 and 2021. 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

(iii) Acquisition
of TMG: 

 On
July 7, 2022 (the Closing Date ), Society Pass Incorporated (the Company ), through its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Thoughtful Media Group Incorporated, a Nevada corporation (the Buyer ), acquired from AdActive Media Group, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Seller ), (i) all the outstanding capital stock of AdActive Media CA, Inc., a California corporation (the
 CA Sub ), and (ii) of all the outstanding capital stock of Thoughtful Thailand Limited, a Thailand corporation (the
 Thai Sub ). 

 Pursuant
to a certain Stock Purchase Agreement, among the Company, Buyer and Seller (the Stock Purchase Agreement ), the consideration
paid to the Seller by the Company and the Buyer included: 

1. shares
of the Company s common stock valued at million: 

2. a warrant, expiring
one year after the Closing Date on , to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
of ; and 

3. assumption of liabilities
up to of the CA Sub and the Thai Sub, including two assumed loans, with an aggregate principal balance of not including
interest, payable by the Seller and the CA Sub Assumed Liabilities ). 

Separately,
and not part of the consideration paid to the Seller, the Company entered into Consulting Agreements with corporations controlled by two
of the Seller s officers pursuant to which the two officers will continue as the Buyer s executive officers through December
31, 2022. 

 The
Company accounted for the transaction as an acquisition of a business, on July 7, 2022, pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805"). 

Less: cash received 

Purchase price 

The
Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation
S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired,
historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro forma information under Article 8 of Regulation S-X, respectively, are
not required to be presented. 

 The
transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method. Accordingly, goodwill has been measured as the excess of the total consideration
over the amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their preliminary estimated fair values. 

 The
Company worked with an independent valuation firm to finalize the fair value of these identifiable assets and net liabilities assumed
and reallocated the purchase price of the acquisition based on the results of the independent evaluation since they are materially different
from the allocations as recorded on July 7, 2022. The fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in were as follows and the
purchase price allocation resulted in of goodwill, as below: 

Deposit and prepayment 

Property and equipment 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Other receivable 

Right of use assets 

Cash 

Total acquired assets 

Less: Assumed liabilities 

Trade payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Amount due to related parties 

Loan 

Lease liabilities 

Total acquired Liabilities 

Fair value of net assets assumed 

Goodwill recorded 

Cash consideration allocated, net 

Under
the acquisition method of accounting, the total acquisition consideration price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their preliminary estimated fair values. The fair value measurements utilize estimates based on key assumptions of the Acquisition,
and historical and current market data. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price is based on the best information available and
is pending, amongst other things: (i) the finalization of the valuation of the fair values and useful lives of tangible assets acquired;
(ii) the finalization of the valuations and useful lives for the intangible assets acquired; (iii) finalization of the valuation of accounts
payable and accrued expenses; and (iv) finalization of the fair value of non-cash consideration. 

The
Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations . The Company has
allocated the purchase price consideration based upon the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the
acquisition date. Management of the Company is responsible for determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and
intangible assets identified as of the acquisition date and considered a number of factors including valuations from management estimation.
Acquisition-related costs incurred for the acquisitions are not material and have been expensed as incurred in general and administrative
expense. 

 During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to conclude
that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there could be changes
to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances
that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these assets or liabilities as of that
date. 

 Goodwill
is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Company recognized a goodwill impairment of during the year ended December
31, 2022, because there were insufficient projected cash flows subsequent to the acquisition date. In accordance with ASC 350, Goodwill
 Intangibles and Other , the Company recognized the goodwill impairment loss by comparing the fair value of the New Retail reporting
unit to the carrying amount of the acquisition. The carrying value of the acquisition was greater than the fair value of the reporting
unit which indicated that the goodwill was impaired. The impairment charge was determined as the difference between the carrying amount
of the acquisition and the fair value of the reporting unit and was charged to impairment loss in the operating expense section of the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Loss. Goodwill impairments may not be subsequently reversed. 

 The
following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisitions had been completed on January
1, 2022 and 2021. 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

(iv) Acquisition
of Nusatrip: 

 On
August 15, 2022, the Company Buyer entered into Stock Purchase Agreement with Nusatrip International Pte Ltd. NINT for the acquisition of of the equity interests in NINT with two business operations units/ subsidiaries: i) Nusatrip Singapore Pte.
Ltd NSPL and ii) Nusatrip Malaysia Sdn Bhd NMSB ). (NINT, NSPL and NMSB are collectively referred to as
the NINT Group 

 On
the same day, the Company and SOPA Technology Pte Ltd (SOPA SG) acquired and of the equity interests of PT Tunas Sues Mandiri PTTSM ), respectively. 

 Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA ), the Company and SOPA SG agreed to purchase the shares, business and assets of
PTTSM for an aggregate purchase price equal to . The Company accounted for the transaction as an acquisition of a business, on
August 15, 2022, pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805"). 

Less: cash received 

Purchase price 

The
Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation
S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired,
historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro forma information under Article 8 of Regulation S-X, respectively, are
not required to be presented. 

The
transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method. Accordingly, goodwill has been measured as the excess of the total consideration
over the amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their preliminary estimated fair values. 

 The
Company worked with an independent valuation firm to finalize the fair value of these identifiable assets and net liabilities assumed
and reallocated the purchase price of the acquisition based on the results of the independent evaluation since they are materially different
from the allocations as recorded on August 15, 2022. The fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in were as follows and
the purchase price allocation resulted in of goodwill, as below: 

Other receivables 

Property and equipment 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Amount due from related parties 

Amount due from shareholder 

Cash 

Total acquired assets 

Less: Assumed liabilities 

Trade payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Contract liabilities 

Amount due to related parties 

Amount due to shareholder 

Total acquired Liabilities 

Fair value of net assets assumed 

Goodwill recorded 

Cash consideration allocated, net 

Under the
acquisition method of accounting, the total acquisition consideration price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their preliminary estimated fair values. The fair value measurements utilize estimates based on key assumptions of the Acquisition,
and historical and current market data. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price is based on the best information available and
is pending, amongst other things: (i) the finalization of the valuation of the fair values and useful lives of tangible assets acquired;
(ii) the finalization of the valuations and useful lives for the intangible assets acquired; (iii) finalization of the valuation of accounts
payable and accrued expenses; and (iv) finalization of the fair value of non-cash consideration. 

 The
Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations . The Company has
allocated the purchase price consideration based upon the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the
acquisition date. Management of the Company is responsible for determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and
intangible assets identified as of the acquisition date and considered a number of factors including valuations from management estimation.
Acquisition-related costs incurred for the acquisitions are not material and have been expensed as incurred in general and administrative
expense. 

 During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to conclude
that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there could be changes
to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances
that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these assets or liabilities as of that
date. 

 The
following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisitions had been completed on January
1, 2022 and 2021. 

 Goodwill
is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Company recognized a goodwill impairment of 2,494,489 during the year ended December
31, 2022, because there were insufficient projected cash flows subsequent to the acquisition date. In accordance with ASC 350, Goodwill
 Intangibles and Other , the Company recognized the goodwill impairment loss by comparing the fair value of the New Retail reporting
unit to the carrying amount of the acquisition. The carrying value of the acquisition was greater than the fair value of the reporting
unit which indicated that the goodwill was impaired. The impairment charge was determined as the difference between the carrying amount
of the acquisition and the fair value of the reporting unit and was charged to impairment loss in the operating expense section of the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Loss. Goodwill impairments may not be subsequently reversed. 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

Prepayments 

Prepayments for consultancy fee (a) 

Prepayments for first insurance funding (b) 

Value added tax 

Interest receivable 

Other receivables 

Total 

Less: non-current portion 

Prepayments for consultancy fee 

Current portion 

(a) 
 
 and . The Company's due to China-America Culture Media Inc. balance
 was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company's due to New Continental Technology Inc.,
 balance was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
 Company recognized the amortization of prepaid consulting expense of and , respectively, using the straight-line method,
 over a term of 15 months. 

(b) 
 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company recognized the amortization of prepaid insurance expense of and ,
 respectively. 

Less: 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory 

Total Inventories 

All
finished goods inventories were related to e-commerce business and was held by the third party logistic. The cost of sales totaled 
and incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The inventories were amounted to and 
as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years 

Apps development 

Computer software 

Software system 

Intellectual technology 

Customers and Business Partner relationship 

Other intangible assets 
 years 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

November
1 2018, the Company entered into a software development agreement with CVO Advisors Pte Ltd (CVO) 2018 to design and build an App and
Web-based platform for the total consideration of 8,000,000. CVO who is a third party vendor in the business of designing, developing,
operating computer software applications including mobile and web application for social media, big data, point of sales, loyalty rewards,
food delivery and technology platforms in Asia. The CVO developer performed and accepted technical work, of software development phase,
which was materially completed by December 23, 2018. The Company obtained a third party license (Wallet Factory International Ltd) for
their technology build up by CVO. 

 The
delivered platform was further developed by the Company s in-house technology team (based in Noida that Sopa is currently using
for the loyalty platform. The platform can be downloaded from Apple store or Google play store (i.e., SoPa App) and the Company s
web version is on www.sopa.asia. The platform was completed developed on September 30, 2020 and has estimated life of 2.5 years. The platform
started to be amortized from October 1, 2020. 

 Further,
the Company entered into a subscription agreement with CVO to issue shares of preferred stock for the software development, equal
to the aggregate of 8,000,000 or at the stated value of per share. 

 Pursuant
to the subscription agreement entered into with CVO, the Company issued shares of Series A convertible preferred stock for the purchase
of software development at the stated value of per share, totaling . CVO performed and accepted the technical work such
as designing, developing, operating computer software applications including mobile and web application for social media, big data, point
of sales, loyalty rewards, food delivery and technology platforms. The holder of this series A provided their consent to waive the warrant
provision available with them and accordingly the preferred series A accounted in 2018. 

 Also,
the owner of CVO entered into a call option agreement with the CEO of the Company to sale all the shares of CVO for the sum of 10 per
share, as of date, these options were exercised by the CEO of the Company, but the equity holders of CVO Advisors Pte. Ltd. have not honored
the exercise of the call. The parties are currently in litigation (refer Note 23). As a result of this option exercise, there were no
accounting effect on the Company s financial statement during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Amortization
of intangible assets attributable to future periods is as follows: 

Amortization
of intangible assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Apps
development costs for the development stage of mobile apps development with blockchain feature used by the subsidiaries under Telecommunications
Reseller segment business amounted to (2021: and pertains to capitalization of the Information Technology consultancy and
services incurred in the development process. No amortization was recognized as the project is still ongoing as of December 31, 2022. 

 Software
system is the existing apps development cost and potential software value estimated base on acquisition exercise of Mangan business unit
under New Retail Experience Incorporated. 

 Intellectual
technology is the identified technology value concluded from acquisition of Pushkart business unit under New Retail Experience Incorporated. 

 Customers
and business partner relationship is the identified intangible assets as stakeholder values estimated based on acquisition exercise of
TMG Group and Nusatrip Group from July and August 2022. 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Renovation 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Less: exchange difference 

706,398 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

 in cash payable
in installments until April 16, 2021 and ordinary shares of SoPa Pte Ltd by February 16, 2021, which represent 15 of the outstanding
share capital of SOPA Technology Pte Ltd. 

 The
assets acquired by SoPa Pte Ltd under the Leflair Purchase Agreement were substantially all of the assets of an online retail platform
that carried the Leflair brand name and included a Leflair e-commerce website, Leflair iOS and Android Apps, and backend
end infrastructure as well as marketing properties including a customer list and social media pages. In addition, SOPA Technology Pte
Ltd acquired intellectual property such as Leflair logos, trademarks and brands. 

The
Company accounted for this acquisition as an asset acquisition under ASC 805 and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of
Regulation S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets
acquired, historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro forma information under Article 11 of Regulation S-X, respectively,
are not required to be presented. 

 Schedule
of Asset acquisition 

Less: Assumed liabilities 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

Impairment loss recorded 

Net asset value 

The
Company paid the purchase price of 200,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The purchase price of 200,000 would have been allocated
to the intangible assets acquired, however, since these intangible assets have an extremely short economic life and are relatively de
minimus, the Company decided to expense the purchase price, which it for as an impairment loss during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

 The
shares issued as part of this transaction do not give the holders the right to influence or control SoPa Pte Ltd. The holders do not have
any special voting rights or the right to appoint any board members. 

 SOPA
Technology Pte. Ltd. is a private company that was incorporated under the laws of Singapore on June 6, 2019. SOPA Technology Pte. Ltd.
manages Society Pass Incorporated s operating activities in SEA countries and South Asia. As a pass-through holding company, the
value of the interest in the SoPa Pte Ltd issued to Leflair owners has an indeterminate value and no real value on the date of acquisition
of Leflair. Society Pass Incorporated recorded the issuance of the shares at the nominal par value of the shares issued to the holders.
The value of the assets acquired shall be the value of the cash paid and to be paid to the sellers. On October 1, 2021, the Company, SOPA
Technology Pte Ltd and stockholders of Goodventures has made a share exchange agreement in exchange the 15 of SOPA Technology Pte shares
for shares of SoPa common stock at IPO price. As full consideration for the sale, assignment, transfer and delivery of the Shares by the
stockholders to the Company, the Company shall issue to the stockholders at the closing a number of shares of SoPa common stock equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing , approximately per share by the offering price of the Company s common stock
in the Company s initial public offering. Upon the written consent of certain stockholders of Goodventures, 10 of 15 shareholding
in SoPa agreed to exchange their shares for shares of the Company s common stock, for accounting purpose the same was considered
as capital transaction and recorded at par value. Accordingly, the noncontrolling interest was reduced to 5 shareholding of SOPA Technology
Pte. Ltd. The corresponding losses in SOPA Technology Pte. Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2021 were allocated to the remaining 5 
noncontrolling interest and the noncontrolling interest balance was amounted to 102,784 as of December 31, 2021. 

 The
following table summarizes the changes in non-controlling interest from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022: 

 Schedule
of non-controlling interest 

Transfer (to)
 from the non-controlling interest as a result of Leflair Purchase Agreement 

Parent Co.
 acquired/exchanged the non-controlling interest holding with their shares 

Balance, December
 31, 2022 

A
reconciliation of the non-controlling loss attributable to the Company: 

 Schedule
of reconciliation non-controlling loss attributable to the company 
 
 Acquisition cost 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Non-Controlling Interest, December 31, 2022 

Net
loss attributable to non-controlling interest for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

 Schedule
of Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 Non-controlling interest percentage 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Non-Controlling Interest 

For the
years ended December 31 2022, noncontrolling interest shareholder in SOPA Technology Pte Ltd shared the loss of . 

Amount due to a director (b) 

(a) 

were forgiven by the related parties, the said amount was written off and accounted as capital transaction and therefore credited the
 additional paid in capital account as of December 31, 2021. The Company s due to related parties balance was and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(b) 
 
 in accrued, but unpaid compensation which could be converted
 to shares by dividing that amount by the employment agreement conversion price of to produce shares. During the year ended
 December 31, 2021, the Company issued those shares at a fair value of , which resulted in the Company recording compensation
 expense in the amount of , which was accounted for as stock-based compensation. The Company s due to a director balance
 was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued liabilities and other payables- Related Party (a) 

Accrued liabilities and other payables (b) 

Other Accounts payable 

Total Accounts payable 

Accounts
payable includes significant third parties balance of acquired from Gorilla business through business combination on May 31,
2022. 

(a) 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively. 

(b) 

Accrued VAT expenses 

Accrued taxes 

Customer deposit 

Customer refund 

Other payables (c) 

Other accrual (d) 

Total Accrued liabilities 

(c) 
 
accrual related to an accrued contingency associated with a lawsuit filed against the Company. In 2023, the Company settled this lawsuit
for 15,000. 

(d) 

to determine the present value of the lease payments. The weighted
average remaining life of the lease was years. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company enter into new lease arrangements, and accounted as per ASC Topic 842, the ROU asset and
lease obligation of . 

 The
Company excluded short-term leases (those with lease terms of less than one year at inception) from the measurement of lease liabilities
or right-of-use assets. The following tables summarize the lease expense, as follows: 

Short-term lease expense (other than ASC 842) 

Total lease expense 

As
of December 31, 2022, right-of-use assets were and lease liabilities were . 

 As
of December 31, 2021, right-of-use assets were and lease liabilities were . 

 Components
of Lease Expense 

 We
recognize lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of our operating leases, as reported within general and administrative 
expense on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

 Future
Contractual Lease Payments as of December 31, 2022 

 The
below table summarizes our (i) minimum lease payments over the next five years, (ii) lease arrangement implied interest, and (iii) present
value of future lease payments for the next three years ending December 31: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Less: non-current portion 

Present value of lease liabilities current liability 

for a term of 12 months.
Also, the Company entered a loan agreement with First Insurance Funding to finance of the total premium, to repay the premium of .
 There was outstanding loan balance on this loan as of December 31, 2022, and the balance as of December 31, 2021 was . 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized the amortization of interest expense of and , respectively. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 the Company has repaid the installments for and the balance outstanding remained as at December
31, 2022. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company has repaid the installments for and the balance outstanding remained as
at December 31, 2021. 

i) 

for a term of months until . The effective interest rate is . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
 Company recognized the interest expense of and , respectively. 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred
stock, par value per share. 

 The
holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to the following rights: 

 Voting
Rights : Each share of the Company s common stock entitles its holder to one vote per share on all matters to be voted or consented
upon by the stockholders. Holders of the Company s common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the
election of directors. 

 Dividend
Right : Subject to limitations under Nevada law and preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock that the Company may
decide to issue in the future, holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends or other distributions,
if any, as may be declared by the Board of the Company out of funds legally available therefor. 

 Liquidation
Right : In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our business, the holders of the Company s common stock
are entitled to share ratably in the assets available for distribution after the payment of all of the debts and other liabilities of
the Company, subject to the prior rights of the holders of the Company s preferred stock. 

 Other
Matters : The holders of the Company s common stock have no subscription, redemption or conversion privileges. The Company s
common stock does not entitle its holders to preemptive rights. All of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are
fully paid and non-assessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the Company s common stock are subject to
the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock which the Company may issue in the future. 

Common
stock outstanding 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of and shares of its common stock issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

 On
February 10, 2021, the Company effected a 750 for 1 stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock.
The number of authorized shares and par value remain unchanged. All share and per share information in this financial statements and footnotes
have been retroactively adjusted for the periods presented, unless otherwise indicated, to give effect to the forward stock split. 

 On
September 21, 2021, the Company effected a stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock.
The number of authorized shares and par value remain unchanged. All share and per share information in this financial statements and footnotes
have been retroactively adjusted for the periods presented, unless otherwise indicated, to give effect to the reverse stock split. 

 The
forward stock split and reverse stock split described above had no effect on the stated value of the preferred stock, and the number of
designated shares and outstanding shares of each series of preferred stock was unchanged in accordance with the respective certificate
of designations. The number of authorized shares of preferred stock remained unchanged. 

 On
November 8, 2021, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Maxim Group LLC, related to the offering of shares
of the Company s common stock (the Firm Shares ), at a public offering price of per share. Under the terms of
the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days, to purchase an additional 
shares of common stock (the Option Shares to cover over-allotments. The Company s common stock was listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market on November 9, 2021 and began trading on such date. The closing (the IPO Closing.) of the offering and sale of the
Firm Shares and the sale of 236,111 Option Shares occurred on November 12, 2021. Aggregate gross proceeds from the closing related to
the Firm Shares and the Option Shares was and , respectively. The Company incurred expenses of in connection
with the IPO. 

 Upon

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of its common stock in exchange for SOPA Technology
Pte. Ltd. s 0.08 non-controlling interest at 22,470 and valued it at par as there was no change in the control over the subsidiary. 

 On
February 8, 2022, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Maxim Group LLC (the
 Underwriter ), related to the offering of 3,484,845 shares including over-allotment (the Shares of the Company s
common stock. Each Share was sold together with one Warrant to purchase one Share at a combined offering price of 3.30. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock to consultants in exchange
for consulting services value at and respectively. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock for director s accrued
salaries for the value of and , respectively. The Company accounted additional cost on this share issuance
as loss on fair value of shares issued in 2021. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock for director s bonus for the value of . 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock for staff s bonus for the value of . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for employee services for the value of . 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock to Brugau Pte. Ltd. and
Cory Bentley to make up for shortfalls in original issuances pursuant to the terms of the agreements with Brugau Pte Ltd and Cory Bentley,
valued at and respectively. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares to independent board directors as compensation,
at 2.85 and 9 per share, total salaries amounting to and respectively. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued and of our shares of common stock to eighteen and six of our employees
as compensation value of and respectively. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company cancelled shares of its common stock at par value. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock for share exchange with the subsidiary s
10 non-controlling interest at and valued it at par as there was no change in the control over the subsidiary. 

In
February 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for 100 non-controlling interest of its subsidiary New
Retail Experience Incorporated, at 3.53 per share, total amounting to 800,000 and valued it at par as there was no change in the control
over the subsidiary. 

 In
May 2022, the Company issued a partial first tranche of shares of common stock in exchange for 100 controlling interest of its
subsidiary Gorilla Networks Pte. Ltd., at per share, total amounting to less assumed liabilities of and
valued it at par as there was no change in the control of the subsidiary. As of December 31, 2022 the accrued consideration liability
outstanding was approximately . 

 In
July 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for 99.75 controlling interest of its subsidiary Thoughtful
Thailand Limited, at 2.13 per share, total amounting to 1,300,000 and valued it at par as there was no change in the control over the
subsidiary. 

 In
July 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for a
list of Assets from Mangan PH Food Delivery Service Corp , at per share, total amounting to
 . 

 In
October 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for staff exercised options, at per share, total amounting to . 

 Warrants 

 In
August 2019, the 

 In
December 2020, the Company issued a certain number of warrants pursuant to the Series C-1 Subscription Agreement. Each redeemable warrant
allows the holder to purchase one C-1 preferred stock at a price of per share. The warrants shall be exercisable on or before December
31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants. 

Below
is a summary of the Company s issued and outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Issued (b) 

Issued (a) 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Issued (c) 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

There
is no intrinsic value for the warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

On
April 19, 2021, the Company extended the expiry date of the Warrant issued to the Series C-1 Preferred Stockholder by six months from
June 30, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Further, on November 16, 2021, the Company extended the expiry date of the Warrant issued to the Series
C-1 Preferred Stockholder by six months from December 31, 2021 to June 30, 2022. The Company considered this warrant as permanent equity
per ASC Topic 815-40-35-2, the warrants would not be marked to market at each financial reporting date. However, where there is a subsequent
change in assumptions related warrants (in the instant case, an extension of the expiration date of the warrants), the difference between
the amount originally recorded and the newly calculated amount, based upon the changed assumptions, is determined and the difference between
the before and after valuation is recorded as an expense, with the corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital. The Company recorded
additional warrants modification expense of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 The
Company determined the fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions. 

 Schedule
of Stock options assumptions 

Risk-free
 rate 

Weighted
 average expected life (years) 

months 

months 

Expected
 volatility 

Exercise
 price 

The Company
considered 25 volatility as from inception through the date of the Company common stocks. 

Director s
Stock option 

 On
December 8, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a grant to Dennis Nguyen of a 10-year stock option to purchase 1,945,270 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of 6.49 per share that are vested and are exercisable at any time. 

 Schedule
of Stock Option 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding
 as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding
 as of December 31, 2022 

The
total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

 The
aggregate intrinsic value of share options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 was and , respectively 

 The
Company determined the fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

Risk-free
 rate 

Weighted
 average expected life (years) 

years 

Expected
 volatility 

Share
 price 

Director s
stock awards 

Issued 

years 
 
 Vested 

Cancelled 

Unvested as of December 31, 2021 

years 
 
 Issued 

Vested 

Cancelled 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

years 
 
 Shares Unvested at period-end 

Below
are the unvested shares vesting schedule at future years: 

Year
 ended December 31 2023 

Total 

The
Company issued 814,950 shares of its common stock on September 1, 2021 start date of which 651,960 shares shall be subject
to vesting. The shares shall vest in accordance with the following vesting schedule: 162,990 vesting shares will vest every six-months
for a two-year period from the start date, with the first vesting date being March 1, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company recognized the amortization of stock compensation expense of and , respectively. The remaining
unamortized vesting expenses in 0.92 years which estimated with a cost of 992,520. 

Series
 B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series
 B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series
 C Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series
 C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series
 X Super Voting Preferred Stock 

All
of the Series A, B, B-1, C, and C-1 Preferred Shares were issued at a value of respective stated value per share. These all Series of
Preferred Shares contain a conversion option, are convert into a fixed number of common shares or redeemable with the cash repayment at
the liquidation, so as a result of this liquidation preference, under U.S GAAP, the Company has classified all these Series of Preferred
Shares within mezzanine equity in the consolidated balance sheet. 

 Series
X Super Voting Preferred Stock was issued a par value per share. This Series of Preferred Shares does not contain a conversion option,
so as a result of this liquidation preference, under U.S GAAP, the Company has classified this Series of Preferred Shares within permanent
equity in the consolidated balance sheet. 

 Voting
Rights: (1) The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the holders of each series of preferred stock shall be necessary to: 

(a) increase or decrease
the par value of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, alter or change the powers, preferences or rights of the shares of Series
A Preferred Stock or create, alter or change the powers, preferences or rights of any other capital stock of the Company if after such
alteration or change such capital stock would be senior to or pari passu with Series A Preferred Stock; and 

(b) adversely affect
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, including in connection with a merger, recapitalization, reorganization or otherwise. 

(2)
The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the holders of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be necessary to: 

(a) enter into a transaction
or series of related transactions deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, or voluntarily liquidate
or dissolve; 

(b) authorize a merger,
acquisition or sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than a merger exclusively to
effect a change of domicile of the Company to another state of the United States); 

(c) increase or decrease
(other than decreases resulting from conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock) the authorized number of shares of the Company s
preferred stock or any series thereof, the number of shares of the Company s common stock or any series thereof or the number of
shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Company; and 

(d) any repurchase
or redemption of capital stock of the Company except any repurchase or redemption at cost upon the termination of services of a service
provider to the Company or the exercise by the Company of contractual rights of first refusal as applied to such capital stock. 

Dividend
Rights : The holders of the Company s preferred stock are not entitled to any dividend rights. 

 Conversion
Rights (Series A Preferred Stock): Upon the consummation of this offering, the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock automatically convert into a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x)
the aggregate Stated Value of the issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock plus any other amounts due to the holders thereof divided
by (y) the offering price of the Company s common stock. If 90 days after conversion, the closing market price of the Company s
common stock as quoted on Nasdaq (the Market Value has decreased below the initial public offering price, each holder of
the Series A Preferred Stock shall be issued a warrant to purchase a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to 40 
of the quotient of the (a) aggregate Stated Value held by such holder before conversion at the initial public offering price and the Market
Value of the shares of common stock that were issuable upon conversion divided by (b) the Market Value. The warrants shall have a term
of five years and shall be exercisable at the Market Value. 

 Conversion
Rights (Preferred Stock other than Series A and Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock): Upon the consummation of this offering, each
issued and outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series C-1 Preferred
Stock will automatically convert into 750 shares of the Company s common stock. Series X Super Voting Preferred stock shall not
have any rights to convert into the Company s common stock. 

 Liquidation
Rights: In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation
Event ), the holders of each series of preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution
of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company to the holders of the Company s common stock by reason of their ownership thereof,
an amount per share in cash equal to the greater of (x) the aggregate Stated Value for all shares of such series of Preferred Stock then
held by then or (y) the amount payable per share of the Company s common stock which such holder of preferred stock would have received
if such holder had converted to common stock immediately prior to the Liquidation Event all of such series of preferred stock then held
by such holder (the Series Stock Liquidation Preference ). If, upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the funds thus
distributed among the holders of the preferred stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to the holders of the preferred stock
the full Series Stock Liquidation Preference for all series, then the entire assets and funds of the Company legally available for distribution
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the preferred stock in proportion to the aggregate Series Liquidation Preferences that
would otherwise be payable to each of the holders of preferred stock. Such payment shall constitute payment in full to the holders of
the preferred stock upon the Liquidation Event. After such payment shall have been made in full, or funds necessary for such payment shall
have been set aside by the Company in trust for the account of the holders of preferred stock, so as to be immediately available for such
payment, such holders of preferred stock shall be entitled to no further participation in the distribution of the assets of the Company.
The sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or merger, tender offer or other business combination to which the
Company is a party in which the voting stockholders of the Company prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the voting securities
of the resulting entity or by which any person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 50 or more of the voting securities of the Company
or resulting entity shall be deemed to be a Liquidation Event. 

 Other
Matters : The holders of the Company s preferred stock have no subscription or redemption privileges and are not subject to redemption.
The Company s Series Preferred Stock does not entitle its holders to preemptive rights. All of the outstanding shares of the Company s
preferred stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Series
A Preferred Shares 

Series A Preferred Stocks were issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Upon
the IPO Closing, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stocks were automatically converted into shares of the Company s
common stock valued at , equal to approximately per share. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series A Preferred Stocks issued and outstanding, respectively. 

 Series
B Preferred Stocks 

Series B Preferred Stocks were issued years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Upon
the IPO Closing, all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock were automatically converted into shares of the Company s
common stock valued at , equal to approximately per share. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of Series B Preferred Stocks issued and outstanding, respectively. 

 Series
B-1 Preferred Shares 

 There
was Series B-1 Preferred Stocks issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares of its Series B-1 Preferred Stocks for the consulting services rendered
valued at , equal to approximately per share. 

 Upon
the IPO Closing, all outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stocks were automatically converted into shares of the Company s
common stock valued at , equal to approximately per share. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stocks issued and outstanding, respectively. 

 Series
C Preferred Shares 

Series C Preferred Stocks were issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 
 and 
 shares of Series C Preferred Shares for cash
in private placement and consulting services rendered at a value of and , respectively. 

 During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred the issuance cost in connection with the private placement of Series C Preferred Shares
amounting to in shares and in cash. 

 Upon
the IPO Closing, all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stocks were automatically converted into shares of the Company s
common stock valued at , equal to approximately per share. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series C Preferred Stocks issued and outstanding, respectively. 

 Series
C-1 Preferred Shares 

 The Company
accounts for warrants issued in accordance with the guidance on Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics
of Both Liabilities and Equity in Topic 480. These warrants did not meet the criteria to be classified as a liability award and
therefore were treated as an equity award and classified the Series C-1 Preferred Stocks within mezzanine equity in the consolidated balance
sheet. 

During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued , and shares of Series C-1 Preferred Shares for cash in private placement,
director s salaries and consulting services at a value of , and , respectively. 

 During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred the issuance cost in connection with the private placement of Series C-1 Preferred
Shares amounting to in shares and in cash. There is no issuance cost incurred in 2020. 

 Upon the
IPO Closing, all outstanding shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stocks were automatically converted into shares of the Company s
common stock valued at , equal to approximately per share. 

 As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stocks issued and outstanding, respectively. 

 Series
X Super Voting Preferred Shares 

 In
August 2021, the Company created a new series of preferred stock titled Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock , at par value,
consisting of 2,000 shares. The Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock carries certain rights and privileges including but not limited
to the right to 4,000 votes per share) to vote on all matters that may come before the stockholders of the Corporation, voting together
with the common stock as a single class on all matters to be voted or consented upon by the stockholders but is not entitled to any dividends,
liquidation preference or conversion or redemption rights. The Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock is accounted for as an equity classification. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company issued shares of Series X Super Voting preferred stock at par value. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Series X Super Voting Preferred Stocks issued and outstanding, respectively. 

- Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

The
provision for income taxes consisted of the following: 

- Singapore 

- Vietnam 

- India 

Deferred: 

- United States 

- Singapore 

- Vietnam 

- India 

Income tax expense 

A reconciliation of the income tax provision (benefit)
by applying the statutory United States federal income tax rate to income (loss) before income taxes is as follows: 

Nondeductible expenses 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Foreign taxes at rate different than US taxes 

Current year change in valuation allowance 

Prior deferred true up 

The
effective tax rate in the years presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range
of income tax rate. The Company operates in various countries: Singapore and Vietnam that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in
which they operate, as follows: 

 United
States 

 The
Company is registered in the Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of United States. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the operation in the U.S.
incurred of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating
loss carryforwards has no expiration. 

There is also net operating losses from State of California
in the amount of that carries forward indefinitely. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative, management
has recorded a full valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the uncertainty of realizing the deferred income tax assets. 

Singapore 

 The
Company s subsidiary is registered in the Republic of Singapore and is subject to the tax laws of Singapore. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the operation in the Singapore incurred 
of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards
has no expiration. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of on the expected
future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets
will not be realized in the future. 

 Vietnam 

 The
Company s subsidiary operating in Vietnam is subject to the Vietnam Income Tax at a standard income tax rate of during its tax
year. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the operation in the Vietnam incurred 
of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards
begin to expire in 2026, if unutilized. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of 
on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that
these assets will not be realized in the future. 

 India 

 The
Company s subsidiary operating in India is subject to the India Income Tax at a standard income tax rate of during its tax year. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the operation in the India incurred of net operating gain. The Company has provided for a full tax effect
allowance against the current and deferred tax expenses of . 

 Indonesia 

 The
Company s subsidiary is registered in Indonesia and is subject to the tax laws of Indonesia. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s subsidiary operations in Indonesia incurred of cumulative net operating losses which
can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards have no expiration. The Company has provided
for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss
carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

 Philippines 

 The
Company s subsidiary is registered in the Philippines and is subject to the tax laws of the Philippines. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s subsidiary operations in Philippines incurred of cumulative net operating losses which
can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards have no expiration. The Company has provided
for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating
loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

Thailand 

 The
Company s subsidiary is registered in Thailand and is subject to the tax laws of Thailand. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the
Company's subsidiary operations in Thailand incurred of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset
future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards have no expiration. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance
against the deferred tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management
believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

 Malaysia 

 The
Company s subsidiary is registered in Malaysia and is subject to the tax laws of Malaysia. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the operation in the Malaysia incurred of net operating gain. The Company has provided for a full tax effect
allowance against the current and deferred tax expenses of . 

 Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their
respective tax basis using enacted tax rates in effect for the tax year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Significant
deferred tax assets and liabilities of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following: 

Deferred Stock Compensation (U.S.) 

ROU net liability 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

- United States 

- Singapore 

- Vietnam 

- India 

- Philippines 

- Indonesia 

- Thailand 

- Malaysia 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

The
Internal Revenue Code includes a provision, referred to as Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI ), which provides for
a 10.5 tax on certain income of controlled foreign corporations. We have elected to account for GILTI as a period cost if and when occurred,
rather than recognizing deferred taxes for basis differences expected to reverse. 

 The
Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. California and various foreign jurisdictions. U.S. federal income tax returns for 2018
and after remaining open to examination. We and our subsidiaries are also subject to income tax in multiple foreign jurisdictions.
Generally, foreign income tax returns after 2018 remain open to examination. No income tax returns are currently under examination.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does t
have any unrecognized tax benefits, and continues to monitor its current and prior tax positions for any changes. The Company
recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were 
penalties or interest recorded in income tax expense. 

and contributions
were made accordingly. 

 and and and during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 The
Company issued 
 and 
 shares of Comm stock, at the price of 
 and 
 for the stock based compensation to director
and employee during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 The
Company accrued shares to directors and key management personnel, the total share option of and during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 The
Company subsidiary paid their sole officer, total professional fee of 
and and 
and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 The
Company paid and accrued to its shareholders, total professional fee of and and and during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Including in the above the Company issued shares of 2,241,539 and during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 On
May 20, 2022, the Company s has internal restructuring of SOPA Technology Company Limited portion, who was previously under 100 
holding of SOPA Technology Pte. Ltd., effectively 95 under Society Pass Incorporated, now 100 holding of Leflair Incorporated, effectively
100 under Society Pass Incorporated. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid its directors remuneration in lieu of and shares of its common stocks amounting
to and each to Tan Bien Kiat, Jeremy Miller, Linda Cutler, and John Mackay. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company rendered the consultancy service with related parties for the issuance of 
 shares of Series C-1 preferred stock, at the
price of . 

 The
Company paid and accrued to the directors, the total salaries of and during the years ended December 31, 2021. 

 The
Company paid total professional fee and accrued of and to its shareholders, during the years ended December 31, 2021. 

 During
August and September 2021, the Company issued 3,300 shares of its Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock (the Super Voting Preferred
Stock to the founder and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Dennis Nguyen and 200 shares of the Super Voting Preferred Stock to Chief
Financial Officer, Mr. Raynauld Liang. 

 In
August 2021, the 

The
Company issued 277,409 shares of its common stock to exchange for 10 shareholding of STPL, under Asset Purchase Agreement (see Note 10).
Upon the completion of share exchange transaction, the Company effectively owned 95 shareholding in STPL as of December 31, 2021. 

 On
September 30, 2021, the Company received the notifications that the outstanding amounts of 72,176 and 738,964 were forgiven by the related
parties. Also, the Company served the notification to a related party that certain terms under call option agreement and side letter were
no longer effective, in case of non-fulfillment with the milestone conditions as set out in the agreements, amounting to cash
consideration and equity incentive. The said amounts were written off and treated as capital transaction by crediting to the
additional paid in capital as of December 31, 2021 and included under line item forgiveness of related party debt . 

 On
June 30, 2021, Mr. Nguyen had in accrued, but unpaid compensation which could be converted to shares by dividing that amount
in the employment agreement, at the conversion price of per share, with an aggregate of shares. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021, in HOTTAB Asset Vietnam Co Ltd, a company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Vietnam on
April 17, 2015, was wholly-owned by Ngo Cham, an employee of HOTTAB Vietnam Co Ltd. HOTTAB Asset Vietnam Co Ltd manages the Group s
website and apps in Vietnam via a contractual relationship. All profits accrued by HOTTAB Asset Vietnam Co Ltd are paid as management
fees to HOTTAB Vietnam Co Ltd. HOTTAB Vietnam Co Ltd has an irrevocable call option to acquire 100 of the equity of HOTTAB Asset Vietnam
Co Ltd. 

 On
December 8, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a grant to Dennis Nguyen of with a -year options to purchase shares options
at an exercise price of per share that will be exercisable at any time. 

 Apart
from the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other
significant or material related party transactions during the periods presented. 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Customer 
 Revenues 
 Percentage of revenues 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Customer A 

Customer B 

(b) Major
vendors 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is no vendor accounts for 10 or more of the Company s cost of revenue as at year-end
dates. 

 (c) Credit
risk 

 Financial
instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. The Company believes the concentration
of credit risk in its trade receivables is substantially mitigated by its ongoing credit evaluation process and relatively short collection
terms. The Company does not generally require collateral from customers. The Company evaluates the need for an allowance for doubtful
accounts based upon factors affecting the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends and other information. 

 (d) Exchange
rate risk 

 The
reporting currency of the Company is , to date the majority of the revenues and costs are denominated in VND, SGD, PHP, INR, IDR, MYR
and THB and a significant portion of the assets and liabilities are denominated in VND, SGD, INR, IDR, MYR and THB. As a result, the Company
is exposed to foreign exchange risk as its revenues and results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rate between
 and VND, SGD, PHP, INR, IDR, MYR and THB. If VND, SGD, PHP, INR, IDR, MYR and THB depreciate against , the value of VND, SGD, PHP,
INR IDR, MYR and THB revenues and assets as expressed in financial statements will decline. The Company does not hold any derivative
or other financial instruments that expose to substantial market risk. 

 (e) Economic
and political risks 

 The
Company s operations are conducted in the Republic of Vietnam. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition and
results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environment in the Vietnam, and by the general state of the
Vietnam economy. 

 The
Company s operations in the Vietnam and India are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated
with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal
environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social
conditions in Vietnam and India, and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures,
currency conversion, remittances abroad, and rates and methods of taxation. 

 equity interest for
an aggregate purchase price equal to and the number of Company s shares of restricted common stock equal to . 

 Right
issues under Series C-1 preferred stock 

 The
Company has issued warrants pursuant to the terms of its Series C-1 Subscription Agreement. Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder
to purchase two (2) shares of common stock at a price of per share. The warrants were exercisable on or before December 31, 2020
and June 30, 2021, respectively. On April 19, 2021, the Company extended the termination date of the Warrant issued to the Preferred Series
C-1 holder by six months from the expiration date of June 30, 2021 to December 31, 2021. On November 16, 2021, the Company further extended
the termination date until June 30, 2022. The Company considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC Topic 815-40-35-2, since the
warrants would not be marked to market at each financial reporting date. However, where there is a subsequent change in assumptions related
to warrants (in the instant case, an extension of the expiration date of the warrants), the difference between the amount originally recorded
and the newly calculated amount, based upon the changed assumptions, is determined and the difference between the before and after valuation
is recorded as an expense, with the corresponding credit to accumulated paid-in capital. This lapsed on June 30, 2022. 

Litigation 

 From
time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time
that may harm the Company s business. The Company is not aware of any such legal proceedings that will have, individually or in
the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results. 

 The
Company disclosed its litigation matters in its December 31, 2021, Form 10-K and there have been no changes or updates to those litigation
matters to report in this Form 10-K except the following. 

 SOSV
IV LLV v. Society Pass Inc., et al. United States District Court for New Jersey, Index No. 21-cv-12386 

 The
case was closed by paying a settlement sum of . 

 of the Company s common stock in open market purchases. The share
repurchase agreement was signed on January 30, 2023 and the repurchases program initiated since February 2023. 

 Society
Pass s subsidiary, Thoughtful Media Group Incorporated entered into a SPA on December 27, 2022 to acquire an Indonesia company
under Digital Media business unit. However, this transaction is pending on legal transfer procedure. 

 On February 28, 2023, the Company acquired an additional
 
 ordinary shares of Nusatrip International Pte. Ltd. At 0.27 per share, increasing its holdings of 
 shares to .
As a result, the Company s ownership of Nusatrip International Pte. Ltd. increased from 
to . 

105 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

 None. 

 Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Our
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or
submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 Our
management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the
end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance. 

 Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

 This
annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

 Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Other
than the hiring of additional employees and controls to segregate the accounting functions, there were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Item
9B. Other Information. 

 None. 

 Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

 Not
applicable. 

106 

PART
III 

 Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The following
are our executive officers and directors and their respective ages and positions as of March 22, 2023. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Dennis Nguyen 
 53 
 Founder,
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Raynauld Liang 
 48 
 Group
 Chief Financial Officer and Singapore Country General Manager 
 
 Rokas Sidlauskas 
 37 
 Group
 Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 Pamela Aw-Young 
 57 
 Group
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Howie
 Ng Kar How 
 48 
 Group
 Chief Technology Officer 

Tan Bien Kiat 
 66 
 Vice
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Jeremy Miller 
 39 
 Director 
 
 Linda Cutler 
 75 
 Director 
 
 John Mackay 
 67 
 Director 

Dennis
Nguyen is our Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Based in Singapore, Mr. Nguyen serves as the Chairman of the Board
of Directors (the Board of Society Pass Incorporated and chairs the Executive Committee. As our Founder and Chief Executive
Officer of our Company since its founding in June 2018, he is responsible for the Company s overall management and strategic vision
as well as driving marketing, sales and investor relations activities. Mr. Nguyen worked at Nortel Networks from 1995 to 1997, rotating
through marketing, treasury, legal, and management consultant groups. He then was a M A banker from 1998 to 2002 at Citigroup, Credit
Agricole Indosuez and Daiwa Securities SMBC, all of which were Hong Kong-based roles. Mr. Nguyen founded New Asia Partners (NAP) in 2002
as a Shanghai based-venture capital boutique focused on investing in small to medium size Asian companies. He led NAP until its closure
in 2017. He previously served as Corporate Finance Director of VCTG Holdings Limited (2012-2013), Director of M Dream Holdings Limited
(2004-06), Director of Sino Environment Technology Limited (2005-06), Vice Chairman of China Huiyin Pte Limited (2005-08), and Director
of Wuyi Pharma Co Limited (2006-08). Since 2009, he has served on the University of California, Irvine Foundation Board of Trustees. From
2009 to 2012, Mr. Nguyen served as an adjunct professor at the University of Minnesota Law School, teaching Corporate Finance and Investment
Banking. Mr. Nguyen earned an MBA from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business; a MA in International Studies from The Johns
Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies; a Juris Doctor from the University of Minnesota Law School; and a BA-Economics/BA-Chinese
Literature from the University of California, Irvine. 

 We
believe Mr. Nguyen s perspective, experience and institutional knowledge as our founder and chief executive officer qualify him
to serve as a member of our Board. 

 Raynauld
Liang reports to the CEO and is based in Singapore. Mr. Liang is the Chief Financial Officer of Society Pass Incorporated and
Singapore Country General Manger since May 2019. As CFO, responsible for all corporate finance, accounting, control, legal and compliance
activities. In his capacity as Singapore Country General Manager, Mr. Liang manages the Company s Singapore P L. Mr. Liang began
his career as a Finance Manager at IBM Global Services/IBM Asia Pacific Software Group based in Singapore. Mr. Liang then worked at a
Singapore mainboard listed company Hyflux Limited as a finance manager from 2005 to 2007. Mr. Liang worked at a China based Singapore
listed company Sino Environment Technology Group Limited as Chief Financial Officer from 2007 to 2010. Mr. Liang later joined Primeforth
Capital Limited a Singapore-based boutique corporate advisory firm as an investment director to work on startup companies and pre-IPO
fund raising activities from 2010 to 2012. He later founded Connex Capital Limited in 2012, a corporate advisory firm with a focus on
advising companies with IPOs in Singapore and Hong Kong. He headed the investment function of a family office, L K Ang Corporate Pte Ltd
from 2014 to 2019. Mr. Liang earned a Bachelor of Commerce from The University of Queensland in Australia majoring in accounting. 

 Rokas
Sidlauskas in his role as Chief Marketing Officer, reports directly to the Group CEO and
is responsible for overall marketing, business development, sales, social media and product development coordination across all business
units. Day to day responsibilities include identifying new partnerships, growth initiatives, merchant and user acquisition as well as
revenue generation within the Society Pass ecosystem. In 2018, Mr. Sidlauskas Co-Founded GO.CARE - a medical tourism company,
part of Hello Health Group where he led corporate development, operations and marketing. Prior to that Mr. Sidlauskas was a VP of Sales
at ENSOGO and a Co-Founder at Lion Lion a digital Marketing agency in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Mr. Sidlauskas started his career
in London where he worked in various commercial roles after graduating with a BA in European Studies Politics from University of
West of England in Bristol, United Kingdom. 

 Pamela
Aw-Young reports to CEO and is based in Singapore, since joining the Company in March 2021, Ms. Aw-Young is the Chief Operating
Officer and is responsible for all issues relating to supply chain, network planning, operations planning, vendor contracts, and process
improvement. In this capacity, she coordinates technology, marketing, sales and finance teams to define and implement operations strategy,
structure, and processes. Monitor performance to ensure consistency with established policies, goals and objectives. She conducts due
diligence on any new business integration. Previously as VP of Li Fung Logistics Global Freight Management from 2011 to 2016, she
managed 21 million business in SEA and synchronized physical, data and payment flows. In addition, she managed First Sales, improving
gross margin through relentless focus on process improvement, optimization of logistics costs and reduced payment cycle time. Prior to
Li Fung, she was Supply Chain Development Director at Diageo in Singapore. Prior to that, she was the Product Delivery Director
at Nike in Hong Kong from 2001 to 2007. Ms. Aw-Young earned a BS in Computer Science from the University of San Francisco. 

107 

Howie
Ng Har How reports to CEO and is based in Singapore, since joining the Company in October 2022, Howie is the Chief Technology
Officer and is responsible for design and implementation of architecture, including security, database, frontend, backend and middleware,
API, microservices, loyalty and payment gateways. In this capacity, he manages the technology team, develop technical aspects of
company s strategy for alignment to the business goals, ensure technological resources satisfy long and short term goals, identify
and implement innovative technologies that yield competitive advantage, and makes executive decisions based on the company s technological
requirements. Previously, he has undertaken projects related to blockchain, mobile apps, decision support systems, B2B marketplaces and
ERP implementations. Howie earned a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from the National University of Singapore. He
is also accredited with industry certifications in blockchain and data science. 

 Tan
Bien Kiat is the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since September 2019. Based in Singapore and in his capacity
as Vice-Chairman, Mr. Tan assists the management team with constructing and executing the Company s business plan. Leveraging his
deep professional contacts, he introduces regional telecommunications operators and institutional investors to the Company. Mr. Tan founded
Titan Capital Limited, a Singapore-based private equity investment firm, in 2003, where he acts as Executive Chairman. He was formerly
Chairman of the Board of Pacific Internet, a NASDAQ-listed telco services company operating in 8 Asian countries. Mr. Tan was also the
Managing Director of the Asian arm of TPG Capital, a leading global private equity firm with 80 billions of capital under management.
He started and ran TPG s operations in South Asia, South-East Asia and Australia. Prior to that, he was Chief Executive of Ometraco
Corporation, a major Indonesian conglomerate which controlled 5 public-listed companies. Mr. Tan s career also includes senior management
positions with Booz Allen and AT Kearney, both of which are leading American strategy consulting firms, where he was instrumental in pioneering
their Asian franchisees in both Hong Kong and Singapore. Mr. Tan is an international trustee of International House of New York and sits
on the management committee of the Lien Centre for Social Innovation of the Singapore Management University. Mr. Tan holds an MBA and
MS from Columbia University and B.Sc. with a First Class Honors in Mechanical Engineering from Birmingham University in the United Kingdom. 

 We
believe Mr. Tan s international business experience and prior management and board experience qualify him to serve as a member
of our Board. 

 Jeremy
Miller is a Director of the Board of Directors of the Company and chairs the Audit Committee since September 2019. Mr. Miller
is an entrepreneur and international businessman. He is Co-owner and Chief Financial Officer of Wm. Miller Scrap Iron Metal Co.,
where he oversees multiple areas of the business, including accounting, quality, environmental, health and safety, business development,
and global sales since 2002. Mr. Miller manages a real estate portfolio, which started with residential property in 2002 and expanded
to include commercial property in 2007. Mr. Miller served six years on the Board of Directors for the Global Recycling Standards Organization,
including as Chairman of the Board from 2016-2018. In addition to his business background, Mr. Miller is a public servant. He was elected
to the Minnesota Senate in 2010, becoming the second youngest person in state history to be elected to this position. In 2019 at 35 years
old, Mr. Miller was the youngest Senator in Minnesota state history to be elected President of the Senate. In 2021, Mr. Miller was selected
by his colleagues to be the Majority Leader of the Minnesota Senate. 

 With
a wide variety of domestic and international business experience, we believe Mr. Miller is qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 

 Linda
Cutler is a Director of the Board of Directors of the Company and chairs the Remuneration Committee since May 2020. Ms. Cutler
served on the board of directors, including the executive committee and the investment committee of Mental Health of Minnesota, a non-profit
based in St. Paul, Minnesota through the end of 2019. Ms. Cutler served as Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary
for Cargill, Inc. (one of the largest privately owned companies in the world) until she retired in 2013 after 39 years of service. At
Cargill, Ms. Cutler supervised the European Regional General Counsel and also supervised the Asian Regional General Counsel at the time
of her retirement. She previously had supervised the Latin American General Counsel and the Canadian legal team. Ms. Cutler was responsible
for legal services to Cargill s financial businesses for 25 years. She handled numerous domestic and international acquisitions
and dispositions. She also was responsible for all aspects of Cargill s 2011 tax free spin-off of its majority interest in The Mosaic
Company (a publicly traded company) valued at over 24 billion. Mrs. Cutler served on the boards and Audit and Compliance committees of
Black River Asset Management, LLC and CarVal Investors, LLC from their inception in 2004 and 2006 respectively, until her retirement from
Cargill. Ms. Cutler was a Committee Chair of the American Bar Association Business Law Section Derivatives and Futures Committee and was
a Member of the Executive Committee of the Futures Industry Association Law and Compliance Division. Mrs. Cutler was a member of the Board
of Trustees of the University of Minnesota Landscape Arboretum Foundation since 2013 and resigned in 2022 for a maximum nine-years services.
Mrs. Cutler is a member of Treasurer and chair of the Audit and Finance Committee and chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee.
Ms. Cutler holds a BA from Augustana College, an MA in European History from the University of Chicago and a JD from the University of
Texas School of Law where she was a member of the Law Review. 

 We
believe Mrs. Cutler is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of her extensive international legal and business experience. 

108 

John
Mackay is a Director of the Board of Directors of the Company and chairs the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since
November 2020. Mr. Mackay is also Founding Partner and Co-Chairman of the Board of SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (2006-present). In 2006,
Mr. Mackay gathered his core team from HSBC, and together they founded SP Angel. He has overseen the creation of a thriving, new, top
6 Midcap investment bank in the UK through strategic acquisition and organic growth, over a period which began with the global financial
crisis in 2008 and continues through the Covid pandemic today. Mr. Mackay continues to maintain relationships with longstanding clients,
develop new clients for, and support the strategic growth of the firm. Previously, in 1986 Mr. Mackay joined Merrill Lynch in NYC, moving
to London to establish an equity-linked desk covering UK, Europe and Asia, leading the Int l league tables for new issues. In 1995
he was recruited by HSBC to head up global ECM as Deputy CEO Investment Banking. In 2000 he was appointed CEO of Seymour Pierce, which
he transformed into the most prolific London-based advisor to tech start-ups in the dot-com era. In 2003 he acquired the Asset management
business of Seymour Pierce which he ran until 2006. Separately, Mr. Mackay is the founder and Chairman of the very successful and popular
Notting Hill Preparatory School in London. Mr. Mackay was educated at Sevenoaks School, Oxford University and gained an MBA at INSEAD
in 1986. 

 With
extensive senior management experience within leading global financial institutions, including Merrill Lynch and HSBC, we believe that
Mr. Mackay is qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 

 Board
Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

 The
Board oversees our business and considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. The Board currently implements
its risk oversight function as a whole. Each of the Board committees, as set forth below, will also provide risk oversight in respect
of its areas of concentration and reports material risks to the board for further consideration. 

 Board
Composition 

 Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Our Board consists of five directors, three of whom qualify as independent 
under the listing standards of Nasdaq. 

 Directors
serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve for one year
until the meeting of the Board following the annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

 Committees
of the Board of Directors 

 Our
Board has established an Audit Committee, a Remuneration Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and an Executive
Committee. 

 Audit
Committee 

 We
have established an Audit Committee consisting of Jeremy Miller, Linda Cutler and John Mackay. Jeremy Miller is the Chairman of the Audit
Committee. In addition, our Board has determined that Jeremy Miller is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item
407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. The Audit Committee s duties, which
are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing
with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited
financial statements should be included in our annual disclosure report; 

discussing with
management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of
our financial statements; 

discussing with
management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the
independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation
of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing
the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving
all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing
with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all
audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services
to be performed; 

appointing or replacing
the independent auditor; 

determining the
compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent
auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures
for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which
raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement
of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

109 

The
audit committee is composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under
the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand
fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

 In
addition, the Company intends to certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past
employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or
background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. 

 Remuneration
Committee 

 We
have established a Remuneration Committee of the board of directors to consist of Linda Cutler, Jeremy Miller and John Mackay, each of
whom is an independent director. Each member of our Remuneration Committee is also a non-employee director, as defined under Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act, and an outside director, as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code. Linda Cutler is the chairman
of the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee s duties, which are specified in our Remuneration Committee Charter, include,
but are not limited to: 

reviewing, approving
and determining, or recommending to our board of directors regarding, the compensation of our executive officers; 

administering our
equity compensation plans; 

reviewing and approving,
or recommending to our board of directors, regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans; and 

establishing and
reviewing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

 We
have established a Nominating and Corporate governance Committee consisting of John Mackay, Linda Cutler, and Jeremy Miller. John Mackay
is the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s duties,
which are specified in our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

identifying, reviewing
and evaluating candidates to serve on our board of directors consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; 

evaluating director
performance on our board of directors and applicable committees of our board of directors and determining whether continued service on
our board of directors is appropriate; 

evaluating nominations
by stockholders of candidates for election to our board of directors; and 

corporate governance
matters. 

Executive
Committee 

 We
have established an Executive Committee consisting of Dennis Nguyen, Tan Bien Kiat and Linda Cutler. Dennis Nguyen is the Chairman of
the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee s duties, which are specified in our Executive Committee Charter, include, but
are not limited to: 

reviewing business
strategies and plans for the quarter and year; and 

identifying human
resource talent for management team. 

Code
of Ethics 

 Our
Board has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial
Officer. Although not required, the Code of Ethics also applies to our directors. The Code of Ethics provides written standards that we
believe are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or
apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure
and compliance with laws, rules and regulations, including insider trading, corporate opportunities and whistleblowing or the prompt reporting
of illegal or unethical behavior. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics, without charge, upon request in writing to Society Pass
Incorporated, 701 S. Carson Street, Suite 200, Carson City, Nevada 89701, Attention: Corp. Secretary. We do not currently have any practices
or policies regarding hedging or offsetting any decrease in the market value of our equity securities. 

110 

Board
Diversity 

 The
matrix below summarizes certain information regarding the diversity of our Board as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each
of the categories listed in the table below has the meaning set forth in Nasdaq Rule 5605(f). 

 Board
Diversity Matrix for Society Pass Incorporated 

 As
of March 22, 2023 

 Total
Number of Directors: 5 

Part I: Gender Identity 
 Female 
 Male 
 
 Directors 
 1 
 4 

Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 
 0 
 0 
 
 Alaskan Native or American Indian 
 0 
 0 
 
 Asian 
 0 
 2 
 
 Hispanic or Latinx 
 0 
 0 
 
 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 0 
 0 
 
 White 
 1 
 2 
 
 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 
 0 
 0 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 0 
 0 
 
 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 

Family
Relationships 

 There
are no family relationships among the officers and directors, nor are there any arrangements or understanding between any of the Directors
or Officers of our Company or any other person pursuant to which any Officer or Director was or is to be selected as an officer or director. 

 Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

 None
of our other directors, executive officers, significant employees or control persons have been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

 Item
11. Executive Compensation 

 Summary
Compensation Table 

 The
following summary compensation table provides information regarding the compensation paid during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer. We refer to these individuals as
our named executive officers. : 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal
 Year Ended 
 
 Salary/Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 

Option 
 Awards
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Dennis
 Nguyen, 

12/31/2022 

1,167,500 

1,426,691 

2,594,191 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

12/31/2021 

1,105,000 

6,336,575 

12,159,652 

19,601,227 

Raynauld
 Liang, 

12/31/2022 

510,000 

2,783,594 

415,048 

3,708,642 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Singapore Country General Manager 

12/31/2021 

120,000 

2,805,026 

2,925,026 

None
of our other executives earned compensation in excess of 100,000 in fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 and therefore pursuant
to Instruction 1 to Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K, only the compensation for our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
is provided. 

111 

Employment
Agreements. 

 On
April 1, 2017 the Company entered into an at-will Employment Agreement with Dennis Nguyen, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The
Employment Agreement provides for a monthly salary of 40,000; provided that until the Company has adequate reserves to pay Mr. Nguyen s
salary, he may convert any unpaid salary into common stock of the Company at a share price equal to 250 per share. Mr. Nguyen is also
entitled to an annual cash bonus of 250,000; provided that until the Company has adequate reserves to pay Mr. Nguyen s annual bonus,
he may convert any unpaid bonus into common stock of the Company as described above. Mr. Nguyen is also entitled to participate in all
of the other benefits of the Company which are generally available to office employees and other employees of the Company. Mr. Nguyen
is not entitled to any severance pay. 

 On
September 1, 2021 the Company entered into a 5-year Employment Agreement with Raynauld Liang, its Chief Financial Officer and Singapore
Country General Manager. The employment agreement provides Mr. Liang with compensation of (i) an annual base salary of 240,000; (ii)
an annual discretionary incentive cash bonus with a minimum target of 25 of base salary; (iii) 814,950 shares of the Company s
common stock (taking into account the Company s reverse stock split), of which 651,960 shares are subject to vesting over a two-year
period; and (iv) all other executive benefits sponsored by the Company. If a change of control of the Company occurs and if at the time
of such change of control the Company s common stock is trading at a price that is double the initial public offering price, then
Mr. Liang will be entitled to a cash bonus equal to three (3) times his base salary. If Mr. Liang is terminated other than for cause or
resigns for good reason, he will be entitled to receive continued base salary until the earlier of (x) the anniversary date of such termination
and (y) the end of the 5-year term of the employment agreement; provided, however, if the termination is after September 1, 2022, then
the period set forth in clause (x) shall be 18 months from the date of the employment agreement. Mr. Liang may terminate the employment
agreement at any time other than for good reason with 30 days notice to the Company. 

 Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

 The
following table provides information concerning outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers on December
31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) 
 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 
 Number
 of Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Market
 Value of Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Dennis
 Nguyen 

1,945,270 

6.49 

Dec,
 2031 

12,151,900 

On
November 16, 2021, the Board of Directors awarded Dennis Nguyen a 10-year option to purchase 1,945,270 shares of our common stock at an
exercise price of 6.49 as payment for accrued and unpaid bonuses. 

112 

Director
Compensation Table 

 The
following table provides information concerning compensation paid to our directors during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Fee
 Earned / Paid in Cash ) 

Stock 
 Awards
 ) 
 
 Options
 ) 
 
 Others
 ) 
 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Tan
 Bien Kiat 

224,999 

224,999 

Jeremy Miller 

224,999 

224,999 

Linda Cutler 

224,999 

224,999 

John Mackay 

224,999 

224,999 

Item
12. Security ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

 The
table below sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the common stock by (i) our directors and named executive officers;
(ii) all the named executives and directors as a group and (iii) any other person or group that to our knowledge beneficially owns more
than five percent of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

 We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. These rules generally provide that a person
is the beneficial owner of securities if such person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting thereof, or to dispose or direct
the disposition thereof or has the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. Shares of common stock subject to options that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 21, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding
the options. Shares issuable pursuant to stock options or warrants are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the
person holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except
as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the
table below will have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they will beneficially own, subject
to applicable community property laws. The percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 27,082,849 shares of common stock outstanding
on March 21, 2023. 

 The
information contained in this table is as of March 21, 2023. At that date, 27,082,849 shares of our common stock were outstanding. 

Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Beneficial
 Ownership Percentages 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Common 
 Stock 
 
 Series
 X Super Voting Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 Percent
 of Common Stock 
 
 Percent
 of Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock 
 
 Percent
 of Voting Stock (3) 
 
 Officers
 and Directors 

Dennis Nguyen,
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer (4) 

7,754,758 

3,300 

28.6 

94.3 

65.7 

Raynauld Liang,
 Chief Financial Officer 

1,423,982 

200 

5.2 

5.7 

5.5 

Pamela Aw-Young,
 Chief Operating Officer 

61,973 

Rokas, Chief
 Marketing Officer 

17,864 

Howie Ng Kar
 How, Chief Technology Officer (6) 

1,028 

Tan Bien Kiat,
 Director 

1,868,979 
 (5) 

6.9 

3.0 

Jeremy Miller,
 Director (6) 

287,079 

Linda Cutler,
 Director 

235,479 

John Mackay 

129,879 

Officers
 and Directors as a Group (total of 9 persons) 

11,781,021 

3,500 

43.5 

100 

75.4 

5 Stockholders 

Blue Jay Capital
 Limited 

1,950,230 

7.2 

3.1 

Gopher Limited 

1,643,700 

6.1 

2.7 

Maroon Capital
 Limited 

2,215,558 

8.2 

3.6 

Raynauld Liang 

1,264,950 

N/A 

4.7 

2.0 

Ellwood International
 Limited 

1,772,400 

6.5 

2.9 

Dennis
 Nguyen 

N/A 

3,300 

N/A 

94.3 

53.2 

(1) The principal address
of the named officers, directors and 5 stockholders of the Company is c/o Society Pass Incorporated, 701 S. Carson Street, Suite 200,
Carson City, NV 89701. 

(2) Entitles the holder
to 10,000 votes per share and votes with the common as a single class. 

(3) Represents total
ownership percentage with respect to all shares of common stock and Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock, as a single class. 

(4) Includes (i) 2,215,558
shares which are held in the name of Maroon Capital Limited of which Mr. Nguyen has a controlling interest; (ii) 1,643,700 shares in
the name of Gopher Limited of which Mr. Nguyen has a controlling interest; (iii) 1,950,230 shares in the name of Blue Jay Capital Limited
of which Mr. Nguyen has a controlling interest and 1,945,270 shares underlying a 10-year option that has an exercise price of 6.49 that
is held by Mr. Nguyen. 

(5) Includes 1,772,400
shares of common stock beneficially owned by Tan Bien Kiat through Ellwood International Limited, a company Mr. Tan owns and controls. 

(6) Jeremy Miller holds
his shares through DJM LLC, a limited liability company Mr. Miller owns and controls. 

113 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

 The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, regarding our common stock that may be issued under the Plan. 

Plan
 category: 
 
 Number
 of Securities to be issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (a) 
 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b) 
 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 

1,945,270 

6.49 

1,188,490 

Equity compensation
 plans not approved by stockholders (2) 

Total 

1,945,270 

6.49 

1,188,490 

(1) The Society Pass
Incorporated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants
and other independent contractors. Our board of directors and shareholders have approved a total reserve of 3,133,760 shares for issuance
under the Plan. 

(2) Includes all other
options not grated under the Plan. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 

 Other
than as disclosed below, and except for the regular salary and bonus payments made to our directors and officers in the ordinary course
of business as described in Item 11. Executive Compensation , there have been no transactions since
January 1, 2022, or any currently proposed transaction or series of similar transactions to which the Company was or is to be a party,
in which the amount involved exceeds USD 120,000 and in which any current or former director or officer of the Company, any 5 or greater
shareholder of the Company or any member of the immediate family of any such persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

 During 2018, the Company provided
software development service to CVO Advisors Pte. Ltd in consideration for the issuance of 8,000 shares of Series A preferred stock,
at the price of 8,000,000. Dennis Nguyen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has a call option to purchase all of the equity of
CVO Advisors Pte. Ltd, which he exercised, but the equity holders of CVO Advisors Pte. Ltd. have not honored the exercise of the call.
The parties are currently in litigation. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

 On
February 1, 2021 and September 16, 2021 Ellwood International, an entity owned and controlled by Tan Bien Kiat, one of our directors was
issued 1,460 and 962 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock, respectively. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has a payable to Dennis Nguyen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in the amount of 500,000 for
accrued and unpaid salaries and bonus. 

 Carmel, Milazzo Feil
LLP, who renders legal services to the Company, owns 22,500 shares of our common stock. 

 During
August and September 2021, we issued 3,300 shares of our Super Voting Preferred Stock to our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Mr.
Dennis Nguyen and 200 shares of our Super Voting Preferred Stock to our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Raynauld Liang. The Super Voting
Preferred Stock entitles its holder to 10,000 votes per share and votes with our common stock as a single class on all matters to be voted
or consented upon by the stockholders but is not entitled to any dividends, liquidation preference or conversion or redemption rights. 

114 

On
September 20, 2021 Blue Jay Capital Limited, an entity owned and controlled by Dennis Nguyen, our founder, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer was issued 1,142 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock. 

 On
September 20, 2021 Dennis Nguyen, our founder Chairman and Chief Executive Officer was issued 1,157,630 shares of our common stock, which
are held by an entity controlled by him, in exchange for accrued and unpaid compensation from 2017 until June 2021. See Item
11. Executive Compensation. " 

 On
November 16, 2021, the Board of Directors awarded Dennis Nguyen a 10-year option to purchase 1,945,270 shares of our common stock at an
exercise price of 6.49 as payment for accrued and unpaid bonuses. 

 On
March 31, May 1, August 1 and October 3, 2022, Ellwood International, an entity owned and controlled by Tan Bien Kiat, one of our directors
was issued 100,000, 100,000, 150,000 and 250,000 shares of common stock, respectively. 

 On
October 10, 2022, Maroon Capital Limited, an entity owned and controlled by Dennis Nguyen, our founder, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer was issued 546,658 shares of common stock and was accrued 428,007 equivalents of common stocks to be issued. See Item
11. Executive Compensation. " 

 Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 Audit
and Non-Audit Fees 

 Onestop
Assurance PAC Onestop served as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our books and accounts for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and RBSM LLP RBSM served as the independent registered public accounting firm
to audit our books and accounts for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. 

 The
table below presents the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by Onestop and RBSM for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 fees 

364,600 

190,000 

Audit-related
 fees 

25,000 

205,000 

All
 other fees 

90,000 

Total
 fess 

479,600 

395,000 

In
the above table, audit fees are fees billed for services provided related to the audit of our annual financial statements,
quarterly reviews of our interim financial statements, and services normally provided by the independent accountant in connection with
regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal periods. Audit-related fees are fees not included in audit fees that
are billed by the independent accountant for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements. These audit-related fees also consist of the review of our registration statements filed with the
SEC and related services normally provided in connection with regulatory filings or engagements. All other fees are fees
billed by the independent accountant for products and services not included in the foregoing categories. 

 Pre Approval
Policy of Services Performed by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The
Audit Committee s policy is to pre approve all audit and non audit related services, tax services and other services.
Preapproval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre approval is detailed as to the particular service or category
of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre approval authority to its chairperson
when expedition of services is necessary. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically
report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance
with this pre approval and the fees for the services performed to date. 

115 

PART
IV 

 Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

 (a)
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

 (1)
The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data . 

 (2) The
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

 (3) The
exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 

 (b) Exhibits 

 EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement dated August 15, 2022, among the Company, SOPA Technology Pte, Ltd. and PT Gema Lintas Benua (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report filed on Form 8-K on August 19, 2022. 
 
 3.1 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056,
 initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 Amended
 Bylaws of The Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially
 filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement
 No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate
 of Correction of Series A Certificate of Designation filed May 2019 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration
 Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate
 of Correction to Series A Certificate of Designation filed December 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s
 Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Registration Statement
 No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate
 of Correction of Series B Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Registration Statement
 No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.8 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Registration
 Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021) . 
 
 3.9 
 Certificate
 of Correction of Series B-1 Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Company s Registration Statement
 No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 20210. 
 
 3.10 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Registration
 Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.11 
 Certificate
 of Correction of Series C Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to the Company s Registration Statement
 No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.12 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.12 to the Company s Registration
 Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.13 
 Certificate
 of Designation for Series X Super Voting Preferred Stock ((incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.13 to the Company s Registration
 Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 20210. 
 
 3.14 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to change the authorized capital of the Company, filed December 4, 2018 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.14 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.15 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to change the name of Company, filed October 2, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.15
 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.16 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to effect reverse stock split (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.16 to the Company s
 Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 3.17 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Series X Super Voting Preferred Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.17 to the Company s
 Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 Form
 of Series C-1 Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially
 filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 Form
 of Underwriter Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially
 filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 Form
 of Warrant Agent Agreement between the Company and the Warrant Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s
 Registration Statement No. 333-262177, initially filed on January 14, 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 Form
 of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-262177,
 initially filed on January 14, 2022). 
 
 4.5 
 Form
 of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-262177, initially filed on
 January 14, 2022). 
 
 4.6 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 Software
 Set Up, Development and Use License Agreement dated November 15, 2018 between Society Pass Incorporated and Wallet Factory International
 Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July
 20, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement dated January 10 2019 between HOTTAB PTE. LTD., SOSV IV LLC, General Mobile Corporation and Sanjeev Sapkota (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 Accelerator
 Contract for Equity dated January 10, 2019 by and between HOTTAB PTE. LTD., SOV IV LLC and Sanjeev Sapkota (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of April 1, 2017 between Society Pass Incorporated and Dennis Luan Thuc Nguyen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of September 1, 2020 between Society Pass Incorporated and Liang Wee Leong Raynauld (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated February 16, 2021 between Goodventures Sea Limited and SOPA Technology PTE. LTD. (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 Shareholders
 Agreement dated February 16, 2021 between Goodventures Sea Limited and SOPA Technology PTE. LTD (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 Food
 Delivery Partnership Agreement dated as of April 22, 2021 between Hottab Asset Vietnam Co. Ltd and Dream Space Trading Co. Ltd (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 Food
 Delivery Partnership Agreement dated as of July 29, 2020 between Hottab Asset Vietnam Co. Ltd and Lala Move Vietnam Co. Ltd (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 Payment
 Gateway Agreement dated February 25, 2020 between Hottab Asset Vietnam Co. Ltd and VTC Technology and Digital Content Company (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.11 
 Payment
 Gateway Agreement dated April 20, 2020 between Hottab Asset Vietnam Co. Ltd and Media Corporation (Vietnam Post Telecommunication Media)
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20,
 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 Payment
 Gateway Agreement dated August 31, 2020 between Hottab Asset Vietnam Co. Ltd and Zion Joint Stock Company (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 Payment
 Gateway Agreement dated August 31, 2020 between Hottab Asset Vietnam Co. Ltd and Online Mobile Service Joint Stock Co (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.14 
 Vendor
 Finance Partnership Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2019 between Hottab Asset Vietnam Co. Ltd and SHBank Finance Co. Ltd (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.15 
 Business
 Cooperation Agreement dated March 6, 2020 between Hottab Asset Vietnam Co. and Triip Pte. Ltd ((incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15
 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.16 
 The
 Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement No.
 333-258056, initially filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.17 
 Business
 Cooperation Contract dated May 28, 2021 between Paytech, JSC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s
 Registration Statement No. 333-262177, initially filed on January 14, 2022). 
 
 10.18 
 Business
 Cooperation Agreement dated August 15, 2021 between Hottab Vietnam Company Limited and Rainbow Loyalty Company Limited (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company Registration Statement No. 333-262177, initially filed on January 14, 2022). 
 
 10.19 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement dated October 25, 2021 between Dennis Nguyen and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the
 Company s Registration Statement No. 333-262177, initially filed on January 14, 2022). 
 
 10.20 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement, Dated October 1, 2021 among the Company, SOPA Technology Pte Ltd and certain stockholders of SOPA Technology Pte.
 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-262177, initially filed on January
 14, 2022). 
 
 10.22 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2022, among the Push Delivery Pte Ltd. and Michael George C. Lim and several other Sellers. (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report filed on Form 8-K on February 17, 2022). 
 
 10.23 
 Transfer
 of Capital Contribution Agreement, dated February 25, 2022, among Mai Anh Tuan and the Push Delivery Pte Ltd. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report filed on Form 8-K on March 02, 2022). 
 
 10.24 
 Stock purchase Agreement dated July 7, 2022 among the Company, Thoughtful Media Group Incorporated and AdActive Media Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report filed on Form 8-K on July 13, 2022). 
 
 10.25 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, AdActive Media, Inc. dated July 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report filed on Form 8-K on August 19, 2022). 
 
 10.26 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement dated August 15 2022, by and between PT Gema Lintas Benua, Sigit Ginawan Putra, Society Pass Incorporated, and SOPA Technology Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report filed on Form 8-K on July 13, 2022). 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 
 Interactive
 Data Files The following financial information from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2022, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021 (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and (v) Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 104 
 The
 cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included
 in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

 Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

 The
Company has elected not to include summary information. 

116 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March
 22, 2023 
 SOCIETY
 PASS INCORPORATED 

By: 
 /s/
 Dennis Nguyen 

Dennis Nguyen 

Chief Executive
 Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

 Each
individual person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Dennis Nguyen as attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution, severally,
to execute in the name and on behalf of each such person, individually and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments to this
annual report which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact acting in the premises deems appropriate, to
file any such amendment to the report with the SEC, and to take all other actions either of them deem necessary or advisable to enable
the Company to comply with the rules, regulations and requirements of the SEC. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Dennis Nguyen 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Dennis Nguyen 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Raynauld Liang 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Raynauld Liang 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Tan Bien Kiat 
 
 Vice-Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Tan Bien Kiat 

/s/
 Jeremy Miller 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Jeremy Miller 

/s/
 Linda Cutler 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Linda Cutler 

/s/
 John Mackay 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 John Mackay 

117 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Dennis Nguyen, certify that: 

 1.
I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-K for Society Pass Incorporated; 

 2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

 3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4.
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b.
[omitted]; 

 c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5.
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 22, 2023 

By:
 /s/ Dennis Nguyen 

Name:
 Dennis Nguyen 

Title:
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

 CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Raynauld
Liang, certify that: 

 1.
I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-K for Society Pass Incorporated; 

 2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4.
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5.
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 22, 2023 

By:
 /s/ Raynauld Liang 

Name:
 Raynauld Liang 

Title:
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Society Pass Incorporated (the Company for the period ending December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

 1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 2.
The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 22, 2023 

By: /s/ Dennis Nguyen 

Name: Dennis Nguyen 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Society Pass Incorporated (the Company for the period ending December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

 1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 2. The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 22, 2023 

By: /s/
 Raynauld Liang 

Name:
 Raynauld Liang 

Title:
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sopa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sopa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sopa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sopa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-4.6>
 13
 ex4_6.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.6

Exhibit
4.6 

 DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT 
TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 Society
Pass Incorporated has one class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ): its common stock, par value 0.0001 per share common stock ). The following description of
our capital stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. The following description is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to our articles of incorporation, as amended, and our amended bylaws, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. 

 We
encourage you to read our articles of incorporation and bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes for additional
information. References to we, our, us, and the Company refer solely to Society
Pass Incorporated. 

 General 

 Our authorized
capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of capital stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which: 

95,000,000 shares
are designated as common stock; and 

5,000,000 shares
are designated as preferred stock, of which 83,500 shares are designated into six separate series. 

Common
Stock 

 Voting
Rights . Each share of our common stock entitles its holder to one vote per share on all matters to be voted or consented upon
by the stockholders. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors. 

 Dividend
Rights . Subject to limitations under Nevada law and preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock that we may decide
to issue in the future, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends or other distributions, if any, as
may be declared by our Board out of funds legally available therefor. 

 Liquidation
Rights . In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our business, the holders of our common stock are entitled
to share ratably in the assets available for distribution after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the
prior rights of the holders of our preferred stock. 

 Other
Matters . The holders of our common stock have no subscription, redemption or conversion privileges. Our common stock does not
entitle its holders to preemptive rights. All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The rights,
preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred
stock which we may issue in the future. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 14
 ex21_1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF SOCIETY PASS INCORPORATED

Exhibit
21.1 

 Subsidiaries
of Society Pass Incorporated 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 Leflair
 Incorporated 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Society
 Technology LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 SOPA
 Technology Pte Ltd 
 
 Singapore 
 
 SOPA
 Cognitive Analytics PVT LTD 
 
 India 
 
 SOPA
 Technology Co Ltd 
 
 Vietnam 
 
 Hottab
 Pte Ltd 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Hottab
 Vietnam Co Ltd 
 
 Vietnam 
 
 Hottab
 Asset Company Limited 
 
 Vietnam 
 
 Push
 Delivery Pte Ltd 
 
 Singapore 
 
 SOPA
 (Phils) INC 
 
 Philippines 
 
 SOPA
 Capital Limited 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 New
 Retail Experience Incorporated 
 
 Philippines 
 
 Dream
 Space Trading Co Ltd. 
 
 Vietnam 
 
 Gorilla
 Networks Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Gorilla
 Connect Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Gorilla
 Mobile Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Thoughtful
 Media Group Incorporated 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Thoughtful
 (Thailand) Co. Ltd. 
 
 Thailand 
 
 AdActive
 Media CA Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 PT
 Tunas Sukses 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 Nusatrip
 Malaysia Sdn Bhd 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 Nusatrip
 Singapore Pte Ltd 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Nusatrip
 International Pte Ltd 
 
 Singapore 

</EX-21.1>

