<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_1529377_0001628280-23-003601.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14772809</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>564934</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2761558</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4786166</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3302066</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3109118</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-003601.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214213444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-003601
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001529377
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				453148087
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35517
		FILM NUMBER:		23633403

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		42ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212.515.3400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		42ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-003601.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 acre-20221231.htm
 10-K

acre-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission File No. 
 __________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price on that date of 12.23 on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately . As of February 14, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 50 
 Item 2. Properties 
 51 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 52 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 5 3 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 55 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 69 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (included in F-pages) 
 71 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 71 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 73 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 74 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 74 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 74 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 75 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 76 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 81 
 Signatures 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Some of the statements contained in this annual report constitute forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and we intend such statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions contained therein. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, some of the statements in this annual report (including in the following discussion) constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or the future performance or financial condition of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation ACRE and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company , we , us and our ). The forward-looking statements contained in this report involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including statements concerning: 
 
 global economic trends and economic conditions, including heightened inflation, slower growth or recession, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, higher interest rates, currency fluctuations and challenges in the supply chain; 
 
 changes in interest rates, credit spreads and the market value of our investments; 
 
 our business and investment strategy; 
 
 our projected operating results; 
 
 the return or impact of current and future investments; 
 
 management s current estimate of expected credit losses and current expected credit loss reserve; 
 
 the collectability and timing of cash flows, if any, from our investments; 
 
 estimates relating to our ability to make distributions to our stockholders in the future; 
 
 defaults by borrowers in paying amounts due on outstanding indebtedness and our ability to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of our investments; 
 
 our ability to obtain, maintain, repay or refinance financing arrangements, including securitizations; 
 
 market conditions and our ability to access alternative debt markets and additional debt and equity capital; 
 
 the amount of commercial mortgage loans requiring refinancing; 
 
 the demand for commercial real estate loans; 
 
 our expected investment capacity and available capital; 
 
 financing and advance rates for our target investments; 
 
 our expected leverage; 
 
 the impact of the replacement of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR on our operating results; 
 
 rates of default or decreased recovery rates on our target investments; 
 
 rates of prepayments on our mortgage loans and the effect on our business of such prepayments; 
 
 the degree to which our hedging strategies may or may not protect us from interest rate volatility; 
 
 availability of investment opportunities in mortgage-related and real estate-related investments and securities; 
 
 the ability of Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC ACREM or our Manager to locate suitable investments for us, monitor, service and administer our investments and execute our investment strategy; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

allocation of investment opportunities to us by our Manager; 
 
 our ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate any acquisitions; 
 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT for United States federal income tax purposes; 
 
 our ability to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act 
 
 our understanding of our competition; 
 
 health pandemics or epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
 general volatility of the securities markets in which we may invest; 
 
 adverse changes in the real estate, real estate capital and credit markets and the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 
 
 changes in governmental regulations, tax law and rates, and similar matters (including interpretation thereof); 
 
 authoritative or policy changes from standard-setting bodies such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, the stock exchange where we list our common stock, and other authorities that we are subject to, as well as their counterparts in any foreign jurisdictions where we might do business; 
 
 actions and initiatives of the United States government or governments outside of the United States, and changes to United States government policies; and 
 
 market trends in our industry, interest rates, real estate values, the debt securities markets or the general economy. 
 
 We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, project, estimates, will, should, could, would, may and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. Our actual results and financial condition could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the risks, uncertainties and other factors set forth in Risk Factors and the other information included in this annual report. 
 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on information available to us on the date of this annual report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form S-3, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 The following description of the business of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation ACRE should be read in conjunction with the information included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We refer to ACRE together with our consolidated subsidiaries as we, us, Company, or our, unless we specifically state otherwise or the context indicates otherwise. We refer to our manager, Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, as our Manager or ACREM, and the parent company of our Manager, Ares Management Corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, as Ares Management. 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 We are a specialty finance company primarily engaged in originating and investing in commercial real estate CRE loans and related investments. We are externally managed by Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC ACREM or our Manager ), a subsidiary of Ares Management Corporation (NYSE: ARES) Ares Management ), a publicly traded, leading global alternative asset manager, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated July 26, 2022, between us and our Manager (the Management Agreement ). From the commencement of our operations in late 2011, we have been primarily focused on directly originating and managing a diversified portfolio of CRE debt-related investments for our own account. 
 
 We were formed and commenced operations in late 2011. We are a Maryland corporation and completed our initial public offering (the IPO in May 2012. We have elected and qualified to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2012. We generally will not be subject to United States federal income taxes on our REIT taxable income, as long as we annually distribute to stockholders an amount at least equal to our REIT taxable income prior to the deduction for dividends paid and comply with various other requirements as a REIT. We also operate our business in a manner that is intended to permit us to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). 
 
 Our Investment Strategy 
 
 We target borrowers whose capital needs are not being suitably met by traditional bank or capital markets sources by offering these borrowers customized financing solutions. We implement a strategy focused on direct origination combined with experienced portfolio management. Targeted borrowers are generally pursuing value improving business plans on commercial real estate which we believe often face challenges in raising capital to meet their financing needs through traditional bank and capital markets sources. As a result, we continue to find increasing demand from borrowers and sponsors for customized solutions in this segment of the market. We act as a single one stop source of financing for our customers through our customized financing solutions. We generally hold our loans for investment and earn interest and interest-related income. 
 
 Direct Origination 
 
 We generally source new investments through our Manager s national direct origination platform consisting of five offices across the United States as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Investment Strategy 
 
 In pursuing investment opportunities with attractive risk-reward profiles, our Manager incorporates our views of the current and future economic environment, our outlook for real estate in general and particular asset classes and our assessment of the risk-reward profile derived from our underwriting. Our Manager s underwriting standards center on the creditworthiness and valuation of the asset collateralizing the loan as well as the strength of the borrower and the underlying sponsor of a given asset, with particular focus on an asset s business plan, competitive positioning within the market, existing capital structure and potential exit opportunities. All investment decisions are made to seek to ensure that we maintain our qualification as a REIT and our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act. 
 
 In addition, as part of our investment strategy, we may from time to time engage in discussions with counterparties with respect to various potential strategic transactions, including potential investments in, and acquisitions of, other real estate or finance companies or asset portfolios. In connection with evaluating potential strategic transactions and assets, we may incur significant expenses for the evaluation and due diligence investigation and negotiation of any potential transaction. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our investment strategy may be amended from time to time without the approval of our stockholders, if recommended by our Manager and approved by our board of directors. We expect to disclose any material changes to our investment strategy in the periodic quarterly and annual reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 Our Target Assets 
 
 Our target investments primarily include senior mortgage loans, subordinated debt, mezzanine loans, preferred equity and other CRE investment opportunities, including commercial mortgage-backed securities. 
 
 Investment Portfolio 
 
 For information about our investment portfolio, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Investment Portfolio and Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Targeted Investments 
 
 Senior Mortgage Loans: These mortgage loans are typically secured by first liens on commercial properties, including the following property types: office, multifamily, self storage, retail, hotel, healthcare, student housing, industrial, mixed-use, residential and residential condominium. Our senior mortgage loans may include construction loans. In some cases, first lien mortgages may be divided into an A-Note and a B-Note. The A-Note is typically a privately negotiated loan that is secured by a first mortgage on a commercial property or group of related properties that is senior to a B-Note secured by the same first mortgage property or group. 
 
 Subordinated Debt: These loans may include structurally subordinated first mortgage loans and junior participations in first mortgage loans or participations in these types of assets. As noted above, a B-Note is typically a privately negotiated loan that is secured by a first mortgage on a commercial property or group of related properties and is subordinate to an A-Note secured by the same first mortgage property or group. The subordination of a B-Note or junior participation typically is evidenced by participations or intercreditor agreements with other holders of interests in the note. B-Notes are subject to more credit risk with respect to the underlying mortgage collateral than the corresponding A-Note. 
 
 Mezzanine Loans: Like B Notes, these loans are also subordinated CRE loans, but are usually secured by a pledge of the borrower s equity ownership in the entity that owns the property or by a second lien mortgage on the property. In a liquidation, these loans are generally junior to any mortgage liens on the underlying property, but senior to any preferred equity or common equity interests in the entity that owns the property. Investor rights are usually governed by intercreditor agreements. 
 
 Preferred Equity: Real estate preferred equity investments are subordinate to first mortgage loans and are not collateralized by the property underlying the investment. As a holder of preferred equity, we seek to enhance our position with covenants that limit the activities of the entity in which we have an interest and protect our equity by obtaining an exclusive right to control the underlying property after an event of default, should such a default occur on our investment. 
 
 Other CRE Investments: To a lesser extent, we may invest in other loans and securities, subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, including but not limited to commercial mortgage-backed securities, loans to real estate or hospitality companies, debtor-in-possession loans and selected other income producing equity investments, such as triple net lease equity. 
 
 Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC and Ares Management Corporation 
 
 We are externally managed by our Manager, a subsidiary of Ares Management, pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, Ares Management had over 2,550 employees located in over 30 offices in more than 15 countries. Since its inception in 1997, Ares Management has adhered to a disciplined investment philosophy that focuses on delivering strong risk-adjusted investment returns throughout market cycles. Ares Management believes each of its distinct but complementary investment groups in Credit, Private Equity, Real Assets, Secondaries and Strategic Initiatives is a market leader based on investment performance. Ares Management was built upon the fundamental principle that each group benefits from being part of the greater whole. Ares Management has advised us that it believes that its people and culture are the most critical strategic drivers of its success as a firm. Ares Management has also advised us that it believes creating a 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 welcoming and inclusive work environment with opportunities for growth and development is essential to attracting and retaining a high-performance team, which is in turn necessary to drive differentiated outcomes. Ares Management believes that the unique culture, which centers upon values of collaboration, responsibility, entrepreneurialism, self-awareness and trustworthiness, makes it a preferred place for top talent at all levels to build a long-term career within the alternative asset management industry. Ares Management invests heavily in its human capital efforts, including (i) talent management, (ii) diversity, equity and inclusion, (iii) employee health and wellness, (iv) flexibility and (v) philanthropy. 
 
 We do not currently have any employees and rely on our Manager to provide us with investment advisory services. These services are provided by individuals who are employees of our Manager or one of its affiliates and each of our officers is an employee of our Manager or one of its affiliates. Our executive officers also serve as officers of our Manager and certain of its affiliates. Our Manager is responsible for administering our business activities and day-to-day operations and providing us our executive management team, principal investment team and appropriate support personnel. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, our Manager is entitled to receive a base management fee, an incentive fee and expense reimbursements. In addition, under certain circumstances, our Manager will be entitled to receive a termination fee if the Management Agreement is terminated. Our Manager, including our officers and employees of our Manager and its affiliates, may also receive grants of equity-based awards pursuant to the Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan ). For more information on the terms of the Management Agreement, see Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 MARKET OPPORTUNITY 
 
 We believe market conditions are favorable for well capitalized, disciplined and scaled direct lenders with broad and flexible product offerings. In the current macroeconomic environment, many lenders may be constrained by regulatory or capital requirements and have de-emphasized their service and product offerings specific to commercial real estate. These factors have reduced competition and lowered overall commercial real estate transaction volume, resulting in capital providers requiring greater risk premiums for new financing commitments. Although our lending efforts are affected by this trend, we believe there are attractive opportunities for floating rate loans on well located commercial real estate properties. 
 
 OUR FINANCING STRATEGY 
 
 We intend to use prudent amounts of leverage to fund the origination or acquisition of our target investments. Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act, we expect that our primary sources of financing will be, to the extent available to us, through (a) credit, secured funding and other lending facilities, (b) securitizations, (c) other sources of private financing, including warehouse and repurchase facilities, and (d) public or private offerings of our equity or debt securities. In the future, we may utilize other sources of financing to the extent available to us. 
 
 Given current market conditions and our focus on first and senior mortgages, we currently generally expect that such leverage would not exceed, on a debt-to-equity basis, a 4.5-to-1 ratio. Our charter and bylaws do not restrict the amount of leverage that we may use. The amount of leverage we will deploy for particular investments in our target investments will depend upon our Manager s assessment of a variety of factors, which may include, among others, our liquidity position, the anticipated liquidity and price volatility of the assets in our investment portfolio, the potential for losses and extension risk in our portfolio, the gap between the duration of our assets and liabilities, including hedges, the availability and cost of financing the assets, our opinion of the creditworthiness of our financing counterparties, the impact of the macroeconomic environment on the United States economy generally or in specific geographic regions and commercial mortgage markets, our outlook for the level and volatility of interest rates, the slope of the yield curve, the credit quality of our assets, the collateral underlying our assets, and our outlook for asset spreads relative to the LIBOR curve, Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR curve or another alternative interest index rate commonly used for floating rate loans. 
 
 Financing Agreements 
 
 We borrow funds, as applicable in a given period, under the Wells Fargo Facility, the Citibank Facility, the CNB Facility, the MetLife Facility and the Morgan Stanley Facility (as individually defined in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K, and collectively, the Secured Funding Agreements ), Notes Payable (as defined below) and the Secured Term Loan (as defined below). We refer to the Secured Funding Agreements, Notes Payable and the Secured Term Loan as the Financing Agreements. While the borrowers under the Financing Agreements generally are our consolidated subsidiaries, the majority of such debt agreements are guaranteed by us in whole or in part. Generally, we seek to partially offset interest rate risk by matching the interest index of loans held for investment with the interest index of the Secured Funding Agreements used to fund them. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 150.0 million outstanding under our 150.0 million Credit and Guaranty Agreement with the lenders referred to therein and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders (the Secured Term Loan ). As of December 31, 2022, we had 105.0 million outstanding under one recourse note agreement with Capital One, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lender referred to therein (the Notes Payable ). As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding balance under the Financing Agreements was 960.2 million. 
 
 See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity And Capital Resources Summary of Financing Agreements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of our borrowings as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Securitizations 
 
 In addition to Financing Agreements, we may also, to the extent available, securitize the senior portion of some of our loans, while retaining the subordinate securities in our investment portfolio. The securitized portion of senior loans is reflected as securitization debt in our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of our CLO Securitizations (as defined below) was 779.0 million. 
 
 TAXATION 
 
 We have elected and qualified to be taxed as a REIT for United States federal income tax purposes under the Code, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2012. We generally will not be subject to United States federal income taxes on our REIT taxable income if we annually distribute all of our REIT taxable income to stockholders and comply with various other requirements as a REIT. 
 
 We formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, ACRC Lender W TRS LLC ACRC W TRS ), in December 2013 to issue and hold certain loans intended for sale. We formed another wholly-owned subsidiary, ACRC 2017-FL3 TRS LLC FL3 TRS ), in March 2017 in order to hold a portion of the non-investment grade notes and the preferred equity of ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 Ltd. (the FL3 CLO Securitization and ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 Ltd. (the FL4 CLO Securitization and together with the FL3 CLO Securitization, the CLO Securitizations ), including the portion that generates excess inclusion income. Additionally, we also formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, ACRC WM Tenant LLC ACRC WM ), in March 2019 in order to lease from an affiliate the hotel property classified as real estate owned, which was acquired on March 8, 2019, and subsequently sold on March 1, 2022. ACRC W TRS, FL3 TRS and ACRC WM filed elections seeking to be taxed as corporations and also filed elections, along with us, to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS ). A TRS is an entity taxed as a corporation that has not elected to be taxed as a REIT, in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds equity, and that has made a joint election with such REIT to be treated as a TRS. A TRS generally may engage in any business, including investing in assets and engaging in activities that could not be held or conducted directly by us without jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT. A TRS is subject to applicable United States federal, state, and local income tax on its taxable income. In addition, as a REIT, we may also be subject to a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between us and our TRS that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 Our net income depends, in part, on our ability to originate or acquire assets at favorable spreads over our borrowing costs. We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive investment opportunities. We compete with other public or private REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies, fund managers and other entities. In addition, there are numerous REITs with similar asset origination and acquisition objectives and others may be organized in the future. These other REITs may increase competition for the available supply of mortgage assets suitable for purchase and origination. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and may have considerably greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us, such as the United States Government. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT tax compliance or maintenance of an exemption from registration under the 1940 Act. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of loans and investments and offer more attractive pricing or other terms than we would. Furthermore, competition for originations of, and investments in, assets we target may lead to decreasing yields, which may further limit our ability to generate targeted returns. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 In the face of this competition, we have access to our Manager s and Ares Management s professionals and their collective industry expertise, which may provide us with a competitive advantage and help us assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for certain potential investments. These relationships enable us to compete more effectively for attractive investment opportunities. However, we may not be able to achieve our business goals or expectations due to the competitive risks that we face. For additional information concerning these competitive risks, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investments We operate in a competitive market for investment opportunities and loan originations and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire our target investments on attractive terms included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 We file with or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). This information is available on our website at www.arescre.com. The information on our website is not deemed incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that you should carefully consider before investing in our securities: 
 
 A global economic slowdown, a recession or declines in real estate values could impair our investments and have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 Changes in interest rates, credit spreads and the market value of our investments could adversely impact our financial condition; 
 Our board of directors may change our investment strategy or guidelines, financing strategy or leverage policies, and such changes could affect our financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock; 
 Our failure to remain qualified as a REIT would subject us to United States federal income tax and potentially state and local tax, and would adversely affect our operations and the market price of our common stock; 
 We are dependent upon certain key personnel of our Manager for our future success and upon their access to other Ares investment professionals; 
 Our indebtedness may subject us to increased risk of loss and may reduce cash available for distribution; 
 There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could impact our investment returns; 
 We operate in a competitive market for investment opportunities and loan originations, and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire assets on attractive terms; 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the transition away from LIBOR and the adoption of alternative reference rates; 
 We are subject to the risk of health pandemics or epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 
 Our mezzanine loan assets involve greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by real properties, and investments in preferred equity involve a greater risk of loss than traditional debt financing; 
 Our loans and investments expose us to risks associated with debt-oriented real estate investments generally; 
 Our investments may be concentrated and could be subject to risk of default; 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business; 
 We will allocate our available capital without input from our stockholders; 
 We are subject to various risks related to the ownership of certain real property; 
 We may experience a decline in the fair value of our assets; 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level to our stockholders and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future; 
 Maintenance of our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act imposes significant limits on our operations; and 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive investment opportunities. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 RISK FACTORS 
 
 You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this annual report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, before you decide whether to make an investment in our securities. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the value of our common stock and the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 
 A global economic slowdown, a recession or declines in real estate values, could impair our investments and have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Geopolitical instability, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies, and rising trade tensions between the United States and China, as well as other global events have significantly increased macroeconomic uncertainty at a global level. The current macroeconomic environment is characterized by record-high inflation, supply chain challenges, labor shortages, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, volatility in global capital markets and growing recession risk. Market and economic disruptions have affected, and may in the future affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer debt and home prices, among other factors. We cannot assure you that market disruptions, including the increased cost of funding for certain governments and financial institutions, will not impact the global economy. The risks associated with our business are more severe during periods of economic slowdown or recession and if these periods are accompanied by declining real estate values, our business can be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Additionally, certain properties that secure a portion of our mortgage loan portfolio, such as those for offices, hospitality or residential tenants, could be especially vulnerable to various macroeconomic pressures. For example, in times of economic downturn, such as the current times, office tenants typically reduce their average occupancy as employment levels are reduced, lowering their need for office space. Similarly, consumer behavior related to discretionary spending and traveling, including demand for hotels, may be negatively impacted by the adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including higher unemployment rates, declines in income levels and loss of personal wealth resulting from macroeconomic pressures. Further, with increased employer flexibility and employee demand for work-from-home arrangements, current and prospective residents may be less likely to live in dense urban centers or multifamily housing and office tenants may further reduce their average occupancy of office space. Any negative macroeconomic impact on these types of properties specifically, or the economy generally, could have a material adverse effect on our future business, results of operations, financial condition and the value of our common stock. 
 
 Our investment model may be adversely affected by prolonged economic downturns or recessions where declining real estate values reduce the level of new mortgage and other real estate-related loan originations, since borrowers often use appreciation in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase or investment in additional properties. Further, declining real estate values may make it difficult for our borrowers to refinance our loans and significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our loans in the event of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover our cost on the loan. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect our Manager s ability to invest in, sell and securitize loans. 
 
 Provisions in our financing agreements require us to pay margin calls following the occurrence of certain mortgage loan credit events. During the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, we modified the terms of our borrowings on certain assets within these facilities, in order to, among other things, reduce the amounts we were borrowing against such assets and/or increase the borrowing spreads. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to apply such measures in the future or that such measures will prove to be sufficient to mitigate or avoid future margin calls. We may not have the funds available to satisfy such margin calls or repay our debt when due, and may be unable to raise the funds from alternative sources, on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our obligations. Posting additional collateral would reduce our liquidity. If we are unable to make the required payment or if we fail to meet or satisfy any of the covenants in our financing agreements, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments and enforce their interests against existing collateral. We are also subject to cross-default and acceleration provisions, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to implement our investment strategy. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Sources of Financing and Hedging The Financing Agreements and any bank 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 credit facilities and repurchase agreements that we may use in the future to finance our assets may require us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Moreover, concerns over the United States debt ceiling and budget-deficit have increased the possibility of downgrades by rating agencies to the U.S. government s credit rating, which could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise further, negatively impacting both the perception of credit risk associated with our debt portfolio and our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms. Market conditions may also make it difficult for us to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or to access or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Sources of Financing and Hedging Our access to sources of financing may be limited and thus our ability to grow our business and to maximize our returns may be adversely affected included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 In addition, certain of our loan investments may become less liquid after investment as a result of turbulent market conditions, which may make it more difficult for us to dispose of such assets at advantageous times or in a timely manner. An inability to raise or access capital, and any required sale of all or a portion of our loan investments as a result, may affect the pace of our investment activity and the size of our portfolio, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations, including our total interest income. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investments The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The effects on our portfolio of loan investments described above may require us to increase the current expected credit loss CECL reserve in our consolidated balance sheets CECL Reserve related to certain of our investments. Our loans held for investment are carried at cost, net of unamortized loan fees and origination costs, however, under the CECL methodology we adopted pursuant to Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, we are required to estimate expected credit losses on such loans using a range of historical experience adjusted for current and future conditions. Management s current estimate of expected credit losses increased from 25.2 million on December 31, 2021 to 71.3 million on December 31, 2022 primarily due to changes to the loan portfolio, including new loan production, and the impact of the current macroeconomic environment on certain assets, including rising inflation and rapidly rising interest rates, partially offset by shorter average remaining loan term and loan repayments during the year ended December 31, 2022. The CECL Reserve takes into consideration the assumed impact of macroeconomic conditions on CRE properties and is not specific to any loan losses or impairments on our loans held for investment, unless we determine that a specific reserve is warranted for a select asset. If macroeconomic conditions continue to worsen, we may need to continue to increase our CECL Reserve, which would limit our liquidity. 
 
 If the current macroeconomic environment worsens and an economic slowdown or a recession occurs or real estate values continue to decline, our investments could be impaired, which would materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and business and our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. 
 
 Rising interest rates could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 
 We are affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the United States Government and its agencies, including the policies of the Federal Reserve, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Changes in fiscal and monetary policies are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. In an effort to combat rising inflation levels, the Federal Reserve steadily began increasing the target federal funds rate in the first quarter of 2022, in seven consecutive rate hikes, including, four straight three-quarter point increases, and announced that it would continue to do so in 2023. Changes in the federal funds rate as well as the other policies of the Federal Reserve affect interest rates, which may have a significant impact on our financial condition. 
 
 Even though we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from rising interest rates with 99 of our investments consisting of floating rate loans as of December 31, 2022, the additional debt service payments due from our borrowers as a result of significant increases in interest rates may strain the operating cash flows of the real estate assets underlying our mortgages and, potentially, contribute to non-performance or, in severe cases, default. In addition, our interest income and expense will generally change directionally with index rates. The impact of rising interest rates may be mitigated by certain hedging transactions that our borrowers may enter into or that we have entered into or may enter into in the future. If interest rates continue increasing and neither we, nor our borrowers, are able to mitigate any potential negative effects, we could experience a decrease in net income or incur a net loss, which could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads could increase our financing costs and reduce our ability to generate income on our investments, each of which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments below. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Our board of directors may change our investment strategy or guidelines, financing strategy or leverage policies without stockholder consent. 
 
 Our board of directors may change our investment strategy or guidelines, financing strategy or leverage policies with respect to investments, originations, acquisitions, growth, operations, indebtedness, capitalization and distributions at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in an investment portfolio with a different risk profile than that of our current investment portfolio or of a portfolio comprised of our target investments. A change in our investment strategy may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations. Furthermore, a change in our asset allocation could result in our making investments in asset categories different from those described in this annual report on Form 10-K. These changes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Adoption of the Basel III standards and other proposed supplementary regulatory standards may negatively impact our access to financing or affect the terms of our future financing arrangements. 
 
 United States regulators have elected to implement substantially all of the Basel III standards adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision several years ago in response to various financial crises and the volatility of financial markets. As of 2019, financial institutions are required to fully comply with the Basel III standards, which could cause an increase in capital requirements for, and could place constraints on, the financial institutions from which we borrow. 
 
 In January 2018, United States regulators implemented rules requiring enhanced supplementary leverage ratio standards, which impose capital requirements more stringent than those of the Basel III standards for the most systematically significant banking organizations in the United States. Implementation of the Basel III standards and adoption and implementation of the supplemental regulatory standards adopted by United States regulators may negatively impact our access to financing or affect the terms of our future financing arrangements. 
 
 In 2019, the Basel Committee published further revised capital requirements for market risk, known as Fundamental Review of the Trading Book or FRTB, which are expected to generally result in higher global capital requirements for banks that could, in turn, reduce liquidity and increase financing and hedging costs. United States federal bank regulatory agencies have yet to issue a formal FRTB proposal; however, a proposal is expected to be released as early as the first quarter of 2023 for adoption and implementation by January 2025. The impact of FRTB will not be known until after any resulting rules are finalized and implemented by the United States federal bank regulatory agencies. 
 
 State licensing requirements causes us to incur expenses and our failure to comply with such requirements may have a material adverse effect on us and our operations. 
 
 Nonbank companies are generally required to hold licenses in a number of U.S. states to conduct lending activities. State licensing statutes vary from state to state and prescribe or impose various recordkeeping requirements; restrictions on loan origination and servicing practices, including limits on finance charges and the type, amount and manner of charging fees; disclosure requirements; requirements that licensees submit to periodic examination; surety bond and minimum specified net worth requirements; periodic financial reporting requirements; notification requirements for changes in principal officers, stock ownership or corporate control; restrictions on advertising; and requirements that loan forms be submitted for review. Obtaining and maintaining licenses causes us to incur expenses and failure to be properly licensed under state law or otherwise may have a material adverse effect on us and our operations. 
 
 The elimination of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of the LIBOR-indexed, floating-rate debt securities in our portfolio or increase the cost of our borrowings. 
 
 On March 5, 2021 the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that all LIBOR tenors will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. Following such announcement, on the same date, the ICE Benchmark Administration IBA indicated that, it would cease publication of LIBOR tenors immediately after the last publication on June 30, 2023. As a result, we expect that any of our assets or liabilities with interest rates tied to LIBOR that extend beyond June 30, 2023 will need to be converted to a replacement rate. Additionally, the United States Federal Reserve (the Federal Reserve Board has advised banks to stop entering into new United States dollar LIBOR-based contracts. The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large United States financial institutions, recommended replacing United States dollar LIBOR with a new index calculated by short term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities (SOFR) plus a recommended spread adjustment as LIBOR s replacement. As we convert certain of our LIBOR-based assets and liabilities to 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 SOFR and offer SOFR-based loans and obtain leverage on such loans, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in higher interest costs on our debt or lower return on our investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio included 1.2 billion of floating rate investments with fully extended maturities extending past June 30, 2023 for which the interest rate was tied to LIBOR. Additionally, even though we have converted a large majority of our floating rate debt to a rate based on SOFR, as of December 31, 2022, we had 1.1 billion of floating rate debt with fully extended maturities extending past June 30, 2023 tied exclusively to LIBOR. The transition from LIBOR to SOFR or other alternative reference rates may adversely affect the market for LIBOR based loans, including our portfolio of LIBOR indexed, floating rate loans, or the cost of our borrowings, and could result in mismatches with the interest rate of investments that we are financing. 
 
 We are highly dependent on the information systems of Ares Management and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on communications and information systems of Ares Management. Any failure or interruption of Ares Management s systems could cause delays or other problems in our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which has had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and operations. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic, the evolution of which continues to be uncertain. Recurring COVID-19 outbreaks around the world could lead to the re-introduction of restrictions similar to those in place during the height of the pandemic. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted industries whose properties serve as collateral for some of our portfolio of loan investments. If restrictions are reinstituted as a result of a resurgence of COVID-19 or another pandemic, it is very likely that those same industries would suffer from any new restrictions. The inability of our borrowers tenants to pay rent on their leases, or our borrowers inability to re-lease space that becomes vacant, may adversely impact, the ability of certain of our borrowers to meet loan covenants or to make payments on their loans on a timely basis or at all. 
 
 A resurgence of COVID-19 or another pandemic with effects similar to those of COVID-19 may also adversely affect our liquidity position as well as the ability of our borrowers to meet their obligations to us. 
 
 As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, its ultimate impact on our business is subject to change. A severe outbreak of COVID-19 or another pandemic can disrupt our business and adversely materially impact our financial results. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO SOURCES OF FINANCING AND HEDGING 
 
 We may incur significant debt, which may subject us to increased risk of loss and may reduce cash available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We borrow funds under the Financing Agreements and the CLO Securitizations. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 960.2 million of outstanding borrowings under the Financing Agreements and 779.0 million outstanding under the CLO Securitizations. Subject to market conditions and availability, we may incur significant debt through bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), repurchase agreements, warehouse facilities and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances and derivative instruments, in addition to transaction or asset specific funding arrangements. The percentage of leverage we employ will vary depending on our available capital, our ability to obtain and access financing arrangements with lenders, debt restrictions contained in those financing arrangements and the lenders and rating agencies estimate of the stability of our investment portfolio s cash flow. We may significantly increase the amount of leverage we utilize at any time without approval of our board of directors. In addition, we may leverage individual assets at substantially higher levels. Incurring substantial debt could subject us to many risks that, if realized, would materially and adversely affect us, including the risk that: 
 
 our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal of and interest on the debt or we may fail to comply with all of the other covenants contained in the debt, which is likely to result in 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 (a) acceleration of such debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision) that we may be unable to repay from internal funds or to refinance on favorable terms, or at all, (b) our inability to borrow unused amounts under our financing arrangements, even if we are current in payments on borrowings under those arrangements, and/or (c) the loss of some or all of our assets to foreclosure or sale; 
 
 our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that investment yields will increase with higher financing costs; 
 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, future business opportunities, stockholder distributions or other purposes; 
 
 we are not able to refinance debt that matures prior to the investment it was used to finance on favorable terms, or at all; and 
 
 as the holder of the subordinated classes of securitizations, we may be required to absorb losses. 
 
 Our CLO Securitizations contain certain senior note overcollateralization ratio tests and future securitizations may be subject to similar tests. The value of loans in our CLO Securitizations which are subject to default or are materially modified are reduced for the purposes of the senior note overcollateralization ratio in accordance with the indenture. To the extent we fail to meet these tests, amounts that would otherwise be used to make payments on the subordinate securities that we hold will be used to repay principal on the more senior securities to the extent necessary to satisfy the senior note overcollateralization ratio and we may incur significant losses. There can be no assurance that our leveraging strategy will be successful. 
 
 The Financing Agreements impose, and any additional lending facilities will impose, restrictive covenants and other restrictions. 
 
 We borrow funds under the Financing Agreements. The documents that govern the Financing Agreements and our securitizations contain, and any additional lending facilities would be expected to contain, customary negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants, that among other things, may affect our ability to incur additional debt, make certain investments or acquisitions, reduce liquidity below certain levels, make distributions to our stockholders, redeem debt or equity securities, make other restricted payments, impose asset concentration limits, impact our flexibility to determine our operating policies and investment strategies. For example, certain of the Financing Agreements contain negative covenants that limit, among other things, our ability to repurchase our common stock, distribute more than a certain amount of our net income to our stockholders, employ leverage beyond certain amounts, sell assets, engage in mergers or consolidations, grant liens, and enter into transactions with affiliates (including amending the Management Agreement in a material respect). Certain of the restrictive covenants that apply to the Financing Agreements are further described in Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. If we fail to meet or satisfy any of these covenants, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral, including cash to satisfy margin calls, and enforce their interests against existing collateral. We are also subject to cross-default and acceleration provisions and, with respect to collateralized debt, the posting of additional collateral, including cash to satisfy margin calls, and foreclosure rights upon default. Further, these restrictions could also make it difficult for us to satisfy the qualification requirements necessary to maintain our status as a REIT. 
 
 Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads could increase our financing costs and reduce our ability to generate income on our investments, each of which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments. 
 
 Our primary interest rate exposures relate to the yield on our investments and the financing cost of our debt as well as interest rate swaps that we may utilize for hedging purposes. Changes in interest rates and credit spreads may affect our net interest margin, which is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning investments and the interest expense we incur in financing these investments. Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads resulting in our interest expense exceeding interest income would result in operating losses for us. Changes in the level of interest rates and credit spreads also may affect our ability to make investments, the value of our investments and our ability to realize gains from the disposition of assets. Changes in interest rates and credit spreads may also negatively affect demand for loans and could result in higher borrower default rates. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 To the extent that our financing costs will be determined by reference to floating rates, such as LIBOR, SOFR or a Treasury index, plus a margin, the amount of such costs will depend on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, (a) for collateralized debt, the value and liquidity of the collateral, and for non-collateralized debt, our credit, (b) the level and movement of interest rates, and (c) general market conditions and liquidity. In a period of rising interest rates or widening credit spreads, our interest expense on floating rate debt would increase, while any additional interest income we earn on our floating rate investments may be subject to caps or may be subject to a tighter credit spread and as a result may not compensate for such increase in interest expense. At the same time, the interest income we earn on our fixed rate investments would not change, the duration and weighted average life of our fixed rate investments would increase and the market value of our fixed rate investments would decrease. Similarly, in a period of declining interest rates or tightening credit spreads, our interest income on floating rate investments would decrease, while any decrease in the interest we are charged on our floating rate debt may be subject to floors or the interest rate costs on certain of our borrowings could be fixed at a higher floor and not compensate for such decrease in interest income or tightened credit spread. Additionally, the interest we are charged on our fixed rate debt would not change and the market value of such debt would generally increase. Any such scenario could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our operating results depend, in part, on differences between the income earned on our investments, net of credit losses, and our financing costs. The yields we earn on our floating-rate assets and our borrowing costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates and credit spreads. However, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin or our credit spreads to expand or contract. In addition, we could experience reductions in the yield on our investments and an increase in the cost of our financing. Although we seek to match the terms of our liabilities to the expected lives of loans that we acquire or originate, circumstances may arise in which our liabilities are shorter in duration than our assets, resulting in their adjusting faster in response to changes in interest rates and credit spreads. For any period during which our investments are not match-funded, the income earned on such investments may respond more slowly to interest rate and credit spread fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, changes in interest rates and credit spreads, particularly short-term interest rates and credit spreads, may immediately and significantly decrease our results of operations and cash flows and the market value of our investments. 
 
 Significant fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads as well as protracted periods of increases or decreases in interest rates and credit spreads could adversely affect the operation and income of multifamily and other CRE properties, as well as the demand from investors for CRE debt in the secondary market. In particular, higher interest rates and widening credit spreads tend to decrease the number of loans originated. An increase in interest rates or widening credit spreads could cause refinancing of existing loans to become less attractive and qualifying for a loan to become more difficult. However, a decrease in interest rates or tightening credit spreads will increase the likelihood that certain holdings will be refinanced at lower rates that would negatively impact our earnings. 
 
 The Financing Agreements and any bank credit facilities and repurchase agreements that we may use in the future to finance our assets may require us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt. 
 
 We borrow funds under the Financing Agreements. We anticipate that we will also utilize additional bank credit facilities or repurchase agreements (including term loans and revolving facilities) to finance our assets if they become available on acceptable terms. Such financing arrangements would involve the risk that the value of the loans or securities pledged or sold by us to the provider of the bank credit facility or repurchase agreement counterparty may decline in value, in which case the lender may require us to provide additional collateral, including cash to satisfy margin calls, or to repay all or a portion of the funds advanced. With respect to certain facilities, subject to certain conditions, our lenders retain sole discretion over the market value of loans or securities that serve as collateral for the borrowings under such facilities for purposes of determining whether we are required to pay margin to such lenders. We may not have the funds available to repay our debt at that time, which would likely result in defaults unless we are able to raise the funds from alternative sources, which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. Posting additional collateral would reduce our liquidity and limit our ability to leverage our assets. If we cannot meet these requirements, the lender could accelerate our indebtedness, increase the interest rate on advanced funds and terminate our ability to borrow funds from it, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to implement our investment strategy. In addition, if the lender files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, our loans may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, thus depriving us, at least temporarily, of the benefit of these assets. Such an event could restrict our access to bank credit facilities and increase our cost of capital. The providers of bank credit facilities and repurchase agreement financing may also require us to maintain a certain amount of cash or set aside assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position that would allow us to satisfy our collateral obligations. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as we would choose, which could reduce our return on assets. If we are unable to meet these collateral obligations, our financial condition and prospects could deteriorate rapidly. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, if a counterparty to our repurchase transactions defaults on its obligation to resell the underlying security back to us at the end of the transaction term, or if the value of the underlying security has declined as of the end of that term, or if we default on our obligations under the repurchase agreement, we will likely incur a loss on our repurchase transactions. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional bank credit facilities or repurchase agreements on favorable terms, or at all. 
 
 Our access to sources of financing may be limited and thus our ability to grow our business and to maximize our returns may be adversely affected. 
 
 We borrow funds under various financing arrangements and our business requires a significant amount of funding capacity on an interim basis. Subject to market conditions and availability, we may incur significant additional debt through bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), repurchase agreements, warehouse facilities and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances and derivative instruments, in addition to transaction or asset specific funding arrangements. We may also issue additional debt or equity securities to fund our growth. 
 
 Our access to sources of financing will depend upon a number of factors, over which we have little or no control, including: 
 
 general economic or market conditions; 
 
 the market s view of the quality of our assets; 
 
 the market s perception of our growth potential; 
 
 our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; and 
 
 the market price of the shares of our common stock. 
 
 From time to time, capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability. There can be no assurance that current market conditions will not worsen in the future. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business An economic slowdown, a recession or declines in real estate values could impair our investments and harm our operations. 
 
 We will need to periodically access the capital markets to raise cash to fund new investments in excess of our repayments. A prolonged decline in the price of our shares of common stock compared to book value could negatively affect our access to these markets. We have elected and qualified for taxation as a REIT. Among other things, in order to maintain our REIT status, we are generally required to annually distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, and, as a result, such distributions will not be available to fund investment originations. We must continue to borrow from financial institutions and issue additional securities to fund the growth of our investments and to ensure that we can meet ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. Unfavorable economic or capital market conditions may increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or could result in a decision by our potential lenders not to extend credit. An inability to successfully access the capital markets could limit our ability to grow our business and fully execute our business strategy and could decrease our earnings, if any. In addition, weakness in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect one or more private lenders and could cause one or more of our private lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or to increase the costs of that financing. In addition, if regulatory capital requirements imposed on our private lenders change, they may be required to limit, or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us. In general, this could potentially increase our financing costs and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. No assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain any such financing (including any replacement financing for our current financing arrangements) on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 Lender consent rights under our warehouse facilities may limit our ability to originate or acquire assets. 
 
 In order to borrow funds to originate or acquire assets under our warehouse facilities, the lenders thereunder have the right to approve the potential assets for which we are seeking financing. We may be unable to obtain the consent of a lender to originate or acquire assets that we believe would be beneficial to us and we may be unable to obtain alternate financing for such assets. 
 
 We have utilized and may continue to utilize in the future non-recourse long-term securitizations. Such structures may expose us to risks which could result in losses. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We have utilized and, if available, we may utilize in the future non-recourse long-term securitizations of our investments in mortgage loans, especially loan originations, if and when they become available. Prior to any such financing, we may seek to finance these investments with relatively short-term facilities until a sufficient portfolio is accumulated. As a result, we would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to originate or acquire, during the period that any short-term facilities are available, sufficient eligible assets to maximize the efficiency of securitizations. We also would bear the risk that we would not be able to obtain new short-term facilities or would not be able to renew any short-term facilities after they expire should we need more time to seek and originate or acquire sufficient eligible assets for securitizations. In addition, conditions in the capital markets, including volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, may not permit non-recourse securitizations at any particular time or may make the issuance of any such securitizations less attractive to us even when we do have sufficient eligible assets. While we would intend to retain the unrated equity component of securitizations and, therefore, still have exposure to any investments included in such securitizations, our inability to enter into such securitizations would increase our overall exposure to risks associated with direct ownership of such investments, including the risk of default, as we may have utilized recourse facilities to finance such investments. Our inability to refinance any short-term facilities would also increase our risk because borrowings thereunder would likely be recourse to us as an entity. If we are unable to obtain and renew short-term facilities or to consummate securitizations to finance our investments on a long-term basis, we may be required to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 
 Moreover, we may also suffer losses if the value of the mortgage loans we originate declines prior to securitizations. Declines in the value of a mortgage loan can be due to, among other things, changes in interest rates and changes in the credit quality of the loan. In addition, we may suffer a loss due to the incurrence of transaction costs related to executing these transactions. To the extent that we incur a loss executing or participating in future securitizations for the reasons described above or for other reasons, it could materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. 
 
 The securitization process is subject to an evolving regulatory environment that may affect certain aspects of our current business. 
 
 The pools of commercial loans that we may originate, securitize or acquire as asset-backed securities and for which we act as special servicer are structures commonly referred to as securitizations. As a result of the dislocation of the credit markets, and in anticipation of more extensive regulation, including regulations promulgated pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the securitization industry crafted and continues to craft changes to securitization practices, including changes to representations and warranties in securitization transaction documents, new underwriting guidelines and disclosure guidelines. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, various federal agencies, including the SEC (collectively, the agencies have promulgated regulations with respect to issues that affect securitizations. Pursuant to Regulation AB and other rules, issuers of registered asset-backed securities are subject to significant disclosure, review and reporting requirements. In addition, pursuant to rules adopted by the agencies, securitizers in both public and private securitization transactions are required to retain at least 5 of the risk associated with the securities, subject to certain exceptions, which we are subject to in our securitizations. These regulations, and other proposed regulations affecting securitization, could alter the structure of securitizations in the future, pose additional risks to our participation in future securitizations or reduce or eliminate the economic incentives for participating in future securitizations, increase the costs associated with our origination, securitization or acquisition activities, or otherwise increase the risks or costs of our doing business. 
 
 We may enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities in the future. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, part of our investment strategy will involve entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (such as the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin securities it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open swap positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. Any such economic losses will be reflected in our results of operations, and our ability to fund these obligations will depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 
 Hedging against interest rate or currency exposure may adversely affect our earnings, which could reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may pursue various hedging strategies to seek to reduce our exposure to adverse changes in interest rates or currencies. This hedging activity may vary in scope based on the level and volatility of interest rates, the type of assets held and other changing market conditions. 
 
 We regularly measure our exposure to interest rate risk and assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on that review, we determine whether or not we should enter into hedging transactions and derivative financial instruments, such as forward sale commitments and interest rate floors in order to mitigate our exposure to changes in interest rates. While hedging activities may mitigate our exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates, certain hedging transactions that we have entered into or may enter into in the future, such as interest rate swap agreements, may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our investments. In addition, interest rate hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: 
 
 interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates; 
 
 available interest rate hedges may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; 
 
 due to a credit loss, the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability; 
 
 we may have to limit our use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous or implement those hedges through a TRS to comply with REIT requirements, increasing the cost of our hedging activities because our TRSs would be subject to tax on gains and hedging-related losses in our TRSs will generally not provide any tax benefit, except for losses carried forward against future taxable income in the TRSs; 
 
 legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur and may adversely affect our ability to pursue our hedging strategies and/or increase the costs of implementing such strategies; 
 
 the credit quality of the hedging counterparty owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and 
 
 the hedging counterparty owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay. 
 
 In addition, we may fail to recalculate, readjust and execute hedges in an efficient manner. Any hedging activity in which we engage may materially and adversely affect our business. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions seeking to reduce interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in interest rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged may vary materially. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. 
 
 Hedging instruments often are not traded on regulated exchanges or guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, and involve risks and costs that could result in material losses. 
 
 The cost of using hedging instruments increases as the period covered by the instrument increases and during periods of rising and volatile interest rates, we may increase our hedging activity and thus increase our hedging costs. In addition, hedging instruments involve risk since they often are not traded on regulated exchanges or guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house. Consequently, there are no requirements with respect to record keeping, financial responsibility or segregation of customer funds and positions. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying hedging transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory and commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. The business failure of a hedging counterparty with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in its default. Default by a party with whom we enter into a hedging transaction may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our commitments, if any, at the then current market price. Although generally we will seek to reserve the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract in order to cover our risk. We cannot assure you that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in significant losses. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We may fail to qualify for hedge accounting treatment. 
 
 We intend to record derivative and hedging transactions in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Under these standards, we may fail to qualify for hedge accounting treatment for a number of reasons, including if we use instruments that do not meet the FASB ASC 815 definition of a derivative (such as short sales), we fail to satisfy FASB ASC 815 hedge documentation and hedge effectiveness assessment requirements or our instruments are not highly effective. If we fail to qualify for hedge accounting treatment, our operating results may suffer because unrealized losses on the derivatives that we enter into may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction or item. 
 
 We may enter into derivative contracts that could expose us to contingent liabilities in the future. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may enter into derivative contracts that could require us to fund cash payments in the future under certain circumstances e.g. , the early termination of the derivative agreement caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin securities it is contractually owed under the terms of the derivative contract). The amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open swap positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. These economic losses may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are currently exempt from being regulated as a commodity pool operator in part because we comply with certain restrictions regarding our use of certain derivative instruments, and failure to comply with such restrictions could subject us to additional regulation and compliance requirements which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Rules under the Dodd-Frank Act have established a comprehensive regulatory framework for derivative contracts commonly referred to as swaps. Under these rules, any investment fund that trades in swaps may be considered a commodity pool, which would cause its directors to be regulated as commodity pool operators, or CPOs. Unless an exemption is available, a CPO must register with the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC and become a member of the National Futures Association (the NFA ), which requires compliance with NFA s rules, and renders such CPO subject to regulation by the CFTC, including with respect to disclosure, reporting, recordkeeping and business conduct. 
 
 We may use hedging instruments in conjunction with our investment portfolio and related borrowings to reduce or mitigate risks associated with changes in interest rates, mortgage spreads, yield curve shapes, currency fluctuations and market volatility. These hedging instruments could include interest rate swaps, interest rate futures and options on interest rate futures, each of which is considered a swap under CFTC rules. We submitted a claim for relief from any registration requirements pursuant to a no-action letter issued by the CFTC for mortgage REITs. In order to qualify for relief from registration, we are restricted to using swaps within certain specific parameters, including a limitation that our annual income derived from commodity interest trading be less than 5 of our gross annual income and that the initial margin and premiums required to establish commodity interest positions be no more than 5 of the fair market value of our total assets. If we fail to comply with the applicable restrictions, our directors may be compelled to register as CPOs, or we may be required to seek other hedging instruments or techniques at increased cost to us, or that may not be as effective as the use of swaps. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INVESTMENTS 
 
 We will allocate our available capital without input from our stockholders. 
 
 You will not be able to evaluate the manner in which our available capital is invested or the economic merit of our expected investments. As a result, we may use our available capital to make investments with which you may not agree. Additionally, our investments will be selected by our Manager and our stockholders will not have input into such investment decisions. Both of these factors will increase the uncertainty, and thus the risk, of investing in our securities. The failure of our Manager to apply this capital effectively or find investments that meet our investment criteria in sufficient time or on acceptable terms could result in unfavorable returns, could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders, and could cause the value of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Until appropriate investments can be identified, our Manager may invest our available capital in interest-bearing short-term investments, including money market accounts or funds, commercial mortgage-backed securities, or corporate bonds, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 which are consistent with our intention to qualify as a REIT. These investments are expected to provide a lower net return than we seek to achieve from investments in our target investments. Our Manager intends to conduct due diligence with respect to each investment and suitable investment opportunities may not be immediately available. Even if opportunities are available, there can be no assurance that our Manager s due diligence processes will uncover all relevant facts or that any investment will be successful. 
 
 We cannot assure you that (i) we will be able to enter into definitive agreements to make any new investments that meet our investment objective, (ii) we will be successful in consummating any investment opportunities we identify or (iii) one or more investments we may make will yield attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our inability to do any of the foregoing likely would materially and adversely affect our business and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The illiquidity of our target investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need or desire arises. Certain target investments such as senior mortgage loans, subordinated debt, preferred equity, mezzanine loans and other CRE investments are also particularly illiquid investments due to their short life, their potential unsuitability for securitization and the greater difficulty of recovery in the event of a borrower s default. In addition, many of the loans and securities we invest in will not be registered under the relevant securities laws, resulting in a prohibition against their transfer, sale, pledge or disposition except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of, or otherwise in accordance with, those laws. As a result, we expect many of our investments will be illiquid, and if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, for example as a result of margin calls, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded investments. Further, we may face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a business entity to the extent that we or our Manager has or could be attributed as having material, non-public information regarding such business entity. Moreover, certain of our loan investments may become less liquid as a result of turbulent market conditions, which may make it more difficult for us to dispose of such assets at advantageous times or in a timely manner. As a result, our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be relatively limited, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our portfolio is concentrated in a limited number of loans, which subjects us to a risk of significant loss if any of these loans default. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our portfolio totaled 60 and 72 loans held for investment, respectively. The number of loans in which we are invested may be higher or lower depending on the amount of our assets under management at any given time, market conditions and the extent to which we employ leverage, and will likely fluctuate over time. A consequence of this limited number of investments is that the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly, if we need to write down the value of any one investment or if an investment is repaid prior to maturity and we are not able to promptly redeploy the proceeds. We do not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and our investments could be concentrated in relatively few loans. 
 
 While we intend to continue to diversify our portfolio of investments in the manner described in our filings with the SEC, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification. As a result, our investments could be concentrated in relatively few loans and/or relatively few property types. If our portfolio of target investments is concentrated in certain property types that are subject to higher risk of foreclosure, or secured by properties concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations, downturns relating generally to such region or type of asset may result in defaults on a number of our investments within a short time period, which may reduce our net income and the value of our common stock and accordingly reduce our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 
 We may invest in multiple secured loans that share a common sponsor. We do not have a limit on the amount of total gross offering proceeds that can be held by multiple borrowers that share the same sponsor. We may face greater credit risk to the extent a large portion of our portfolio is concentrated in loans to multiple borrowers that share the same sponsor. 
 
 Our real estate investments are subject to risks particular to real property. These risks may result in a reduction or elimination of, or return from, a loan secured by a particular property. 
 
 We may own CRE directly in the future as a result of a default of mortgage or other real estate related loans. Real estate investments are subject to various risks, including: 
 
 acts of God, pandemics such as COVID-19, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses; 
 22 

Table of Contents 

political events, civil or military disturbances; acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist attacks; 
 
 adverse changes in national and local economic and market conditions, including local markets with a significant exposure to the energy sector, which may be affected by the prices of oil and gas that could adversely affect the success of tenants in that industry; 
 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations (including their interpretations), fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; 
 
 costs of remediation and liabilities associated with environmental conditions such as indoor mold; and 
 
 the potential for uninsured or under-insured property losses. 
 
 If any of these or similar events occur, it may reduce our return from an affected property or investment and services and reduce or eliminate our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 
 The CRE loans we originate and the mortgage loans underlying any commercial mortgage-backed securities investments that we may make will be subject to the ability of the commercial property owner to generate net income from operating the property, as well as the risks of delinquency and foreclosure. 
 
 Our CRE loans are secured by commercial and multifamily properties and are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and risks of loss that may be greater than similar risks associated with loans made on the security of single-family residential property. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property typically is dependent primarily upon the successful operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be adversely affected by, among other things, the following: 
 
 tenant mix; 
 
 success of tenant businesses; 
 
 property management decisions; 
 
 property location, condition and design; 
 
 competition from comparable types of properties; 
 
 changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged; 
 
 changes in national, regional or local economic conditions, including as a result of a potential recession, and/or specific industry segments, including the credit and securitization markets; 
 
 declines in regional or local real estate values; 
 
 changes in local markets in which our tenants operate, including changes in oil and gas prices; 
 
 declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates; 
 
 increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses; 
 
 costs of remediation and liabilities associated with environmental conditions; 
 
 the potential for uninsured or underinsured property losses; 
 
 the potential for casualty or condemnation loss; 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 changes in governmental laws and regulations, including fiscal policies, zoning ordinances and environmental legislation and the related costs of compliance; 
 
 changes in supply (resulting from the recent growth in CRE debt funds or otherwise) and demand; and 
 
 acts of God, pandemics, terrorist attacks, social unrest and civil disturbances. 
 
 In the event of any default under a mortgage loan held directly by us, we will bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations and limit amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. 
 
 We are subject to various risks related to the ownership of certain real property. 
 
 Real property we may own in the future but do not use in the ordinary course of our operations subjects us to risks particular to CRE property. We have in the past owned, and may own in the future, certain properties as a result of foreclosure of loans secured by such properties. Tenants of properties we may own may elect to not renew their leases, or to renew them for less space than they currently occupy, which could increase vacancy, place downward pressure on occupancy, rental rates and income and property valuation. All of these factors could have a material adverse effect on any income we could generate, or expenses we could incur, from the ownership of such properties. 
 
 Moreover, our ability to sell CRE is affected by public perception that banks are inclined to accept large discounts from market value in order to quickly liquidate properties. Any material decrease in market prices may lead to CRE write-downs, with a corresponding expense in our statement of operations. Write-downs on CRE or an inability to sell CRE properties could have a material adverse effect on our future business, results of operations, financial condition and the value of our common stock. Furthermore, the management and resolution of CRE increases our costs and requires significant commitments of time from our management and directors, which can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. 
 Prepayment rates may adversely affect the value of our portfolio of assets. 
 
 Our net income and earnings may be affected by prepayment rates on our existing CRE loans. In periods of declining interest rates and/or credit spreads, prepayment rates on loans generally increase. Borrowers may seek to make prepayments as a result of LIBOR, SOFR or other interest rate floors in our loans which could result in higher interest expense. If general interest rates or credit spreads decline at the same time, the proceeds of such prepayments received during such periods are likely to be reinvested by us in assets yielding less than the yields on the assets that were prepaid. In addition, the value of our assets may be affected by prepayment rates on loans. If we originate CRE loans, we expect borrowers will prepay at a projected rate generating an expected yield. When borrowers prepay their loans faster than expected, the corresponding prepayments on the CRE loans may reduce the expected yield on such loans. If prepayment rates decrease in a rising interest rate environment, such as the current environment, and borrowers exercise extension options on CRE loans or we extend the term of CRE loans, the life of the loans could extend beyond the term of the Financing Agreements that we borrow on to fund our CRE loans. This could have a negative impact on our results of operations. In some situations, we may be forced to fund additional cash collateral in connection with the Financing Agreements or sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur losses. 
 
 Prepayment rates on loans may be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the then-current level of interest rates and credit spreads, the availability of mortgage credit, the relative economic vitality of the area in which the related properties are located, the servicing of the loans, possible changes in tax laws, other opportunities for investment, and other economic, social, geographic, demographic and legal factors and other factors beyond our control. Consequently, such prepayment rates cannot be predicted with certainty and no strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment or other such risks. 
 
 In addition, principal repayments from mortgage loans in commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations are applied sequentially, first going to pay down the senior commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations. Accordingly, we will not receive any proceeds from repayment of loans in commercial 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 mortgage-backed securities or collateralized loan obligations until all senior notes are repaid in full, which could materially and adversely impact our liquidity, capital resources and financial condition. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully integrate new assets and manage our growth, our results of operations and financial condition may suffer . 
 
 We have in the past and may in the future significantly increase the size and/or change the mix of our portfolio of assets. We may be unable to successfully and efficiently integrate newly acquired assets into our existing portfolio or otherwise effectively manage our assets or our growth effectively. In addition, increases in our portfolio of assets and/or changes in the mix of our assets may place significant demands on our Manager s administrative, operational, asset management, financial and other resources. Any failure to manage increases in size effectively could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We operate in a competitive market for investment opportunities and loan originations and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire our target investments on attractive terms. 
 
 A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we seek to make and originate the types of loans that we seek to originate. Our profitability depends, in large part, on our ability to originate or acquire our target investments on attractive terms. In originating or acquiring our target investments, we compete with a variety of institutional investors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds (including other funds managed by Ares Management), commercial and investment banks, CRE service providers, commercial finance and insurance companies and other financial institutions. Several other REITs have raised, or are expected to raise, significant amounts of capital, and may have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Many of our anticipated competitors are significantly larger than we are and may have considerably greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us, such as the United States Government. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT tax compliance or maintenance of an exemption from the 1940 Act. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, deploy more aggressive pricing and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, competition for originations of and investments in our target investments may lead to the price of such assets increasing, which may further limit our ability to generate desired returns. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this competition, desirable investments in our target investments may be limited in the future and we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, as we can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. 
 
 If our Manager overestimates the yields or incorrectly prices the risks of our investments, we may experience losses. 
 
 Our Manager values our potential investments based on yields and risks, taking into account estimated future losses on the mortgage loans and the collateral underlying our mortgage loans and included in securitization pools, and the estimated impact of these losses on expected future cash flows and returns. Our Manager s loss estimates may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. If our Manager underestimates the asset-level losses relative to the price we pay for a particular investment, we may experience losses with respect to such investment. 
 
 Loans on properties in transition will involve a greater risk of loss than traditional investment-grade mortgage loans with fully insured borrowers. 
 
 We may originate transitional loans secured by first lien mortgages on a property to borrowers who are typically seeking short-term capital to be used in an acquisition or rehabilitation of a property. The typical borrower under a transitional loan has usually identified an undervalued asset that has been under-managed and/or is located in a recovering market. If the market in which the asset is located fails to improve according to the borrower s projections, or if the borrower fails to improve the quality of the asset s management and/or the value of the asset, the borrower may not receive a sufficient return on the asset to satisfy the transitional loan, and we bear the risk that we may not recover some or all of our investment. 
 
 In addition, borrowers usually use the proceeds of a conventional mortgage to repay a transitional loan. Transitional loans therefore are subject to risks of a borrower s inability to obtain permanent financing to repay the transitional loan. Transitional loans are also subject to risks of borrower defaults, bankruptcies, fraud, losses and special hazard losses that are not covered by standard hazard insurance. In the event of any default under transitional loans that may be held by us, we bear the risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the mortgage 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 collateral and the principal amount and unpaid interest of the transitional loan. To the extent we suffer such losses with respect to these transitional loans, our net income and the value of our common stock may be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks of cost overruns and non-completion of renovation of the properties underlying short term senior loans on properties in transition may result in significant losses. 
 
 The renovation, refurbishment or expansion by a borrower under a mortgaged property involves risks of cost overruns and non-completion. Estimates of the costs of improvements to bring an acquired property up to standards established for the market position intended for that property may prove inaccurate. Other risks may include rehabilitation costs exceeding original estimates, possibly making a project uneconomical, environmental risks and rehabilitation and subsequent leasing of the property not being completed on schedule. If such renovation is not completed in a timely manner, or if it costs more than expected, the borrower may experience a prolonged impairment of net operating income and may not be able to make payments on our investment, which could result in significant losses. 
 
 Investments in non-investment grade rated CRE loans or securities involve increased risk of loss. 
 
 Many of our investments will not be rated or will be rated as non-investment grade by the rating agencies. The non-investment grade ratings for these assets typically result from the overall leverage of the loans, the lack of a strong operating history for the properties underlying the loans, the borrowers credit history, the underlying properties cash flow or other factors. As a result, these investments should be expected to have a higher risk of default and loss than investment grade rated assets. Any loss we incur may be significant and may reduce distributions to our stockholders and adversely affect the market value of our common stock. There are no limits on the percentage of unrated or non-investment grade rated assets we may hold in our investment portfolio. 
 
 The B-Notes that we have originated or may originate or acquire in the future may be subject to additional risks related to the privately negotiated structure and terms of the transaction, which may result in losses to us. 
 
 We have originated and may continue to originate or acquire B-Notes. A B-Note is a mortgage loan typically (a) secured by a first mortgage on a single large commercial property or group of related properties and (b) subordinated to an A-Note secured by the same first mortgage on the same collateral. As a result, if a borrower defaults, there may not be sufficient funds remaining for B-Note holders after payment to the A-Note holders. Because each transaction is privately negotiated, B-Notes can vary in their structural characteristics and risks. For example, the rights of holders of B-Notes to control the process following a borrower default may vary from transaction to transaction. Further, B-Notes typically are secured by a single property and accordingly reflect the risks associated with significant concentration. Significant losses related to our B-Notes would result in operating losses for us and may limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our mezzanine loan assets involve greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by real properties. 
 
 We have originated and may continue to originate or acquire mezzanine loans, which take the form of subordinated loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying property or loans secured by a pledge of the ownership interests of either the entity owning the property or a pledge of the ownership interests of the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning the property. These types of assets involve a higher degree of risk than senior mortgage loans secured by real property because the loan may become unsecured as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender. In the event of a bankruptcy of the entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security, we may not have full recourse to the assets of such entity or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to satisfy our mezzanine loan. In addition, lenders can be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by them where they become too involved in the borrower s business or exercise control over the borrower. For example, we could become subject to a lender s liability claim, if, among other things, we actually render significant managerial assistance. 
 
 If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the senior debt. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our initial expenditure. In addition, mezzanine loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of principal. Significant losses related to our mezzanine loans would result in operating losses for us and may limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Investments in preferred equity involve a greater risk of loss than traditional debt financing. 
 
 We invest in and may continue to invest in real estate preferred equity, which involves a higher degree of risk than first mortgage loans due to a variety of factors, including the risk that, similar to mezzanine loans, such investments are subordinate 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 to first mortgage loans and are not collateralized by property underlying the investment. Unlike mezzanine loans, preferred equity investments generally do not have a pledge of the ownership interests of the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning the property. Although as a holder of preferred equity we may enhance our position with covenants that limit the activities of the entity in which we hold an interest and protect our equity by obtaining an exclusive right to control the underlying property after an event of default, should such a default occur on our investment, we would only be able to proceed against the entity in which we hold an interest, and not the property owned by such entity and underlying our investment. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our investment. 
 
 Any credit ratings assigned to our investments will be subject to ongoing evaluations and revisions and we cannot assure you that those ratings will not be downgraded. 
 
 Some of our investments, including the notes issued in our securitization transactions for which we are required to retain a portion of the credit risk, may be rated by rating agencies such as Moody s Investors Service, Fitch Ratings, Standard Poor s, DBRS, Inc. or Realpoint LLC. Any credit ratings on our investments are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that any such ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. If rating agencies assign a lower-than-expected rating or reduce or withdraw, or indicate that they may reduce or withdraw, their ratings of our investments in the future, the value of our investments could significantly decline, which would adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and could result in losses upon disposition or the failure of borrowers to satisfy their debt service obligations to us. 
 
 We may experience a decline in the fair value of our assets. 
 
 A decline in the fair market value of our assets may require us to recognize an other-than-temporary impairment against such assets under generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), if we were to determine that, with respect to any assets in unrealized loss positions, we do not have the ability and intent to hold such assets to maturity or for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery to the original acquisition cost of such assets. If such a determination were to be made, we will record an allowance to reduce the carrying value of the loan to the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s contractual effective rate or the fair value of the collateral, if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted amortized cost of such assets at the time of sale. If we experience a decline in the fair value of our assets, our results of operations, financial condition and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Some of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value and, as a result, there is uncertainty as to the value of these investments. 
 
 Some of our portfolio investments are in the form of positions or securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable. As of December 31, 2022, we had three CRE debt security investments recorded at fair value. We have not elected the fair value option for the remaining financial instruments, including loans held for investment, the Financing Agreements and securitization debt. Such financial instruments are carried at cost. For loans held for investment that are evaluated for impairment at least quarterly, we estimate the fair value of the instrument, which may include unobservable inputs. Because such valuations are subjective, the fair value of certain of our assets may fluctuate over short periods of time and our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. The value of our common stock could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal. 
 
 Additionally, our results of operations for a given period could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal. 
 
 If we invest in commercial mortgage-backed securities, such investments would pose additional risks, including the risks of the securitization process and the risk that the special servicer may take actions that could adversely affect our interests. 
 
 We may acquire existing commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS ), including in the most subordinated classes of such commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations CLO ). In general, losses on a mortgaged property securing a mortgage loan included in a securitization will be borne first by the equity holder of the property, then by a cash reserve fund or letter of credit, if any, then by the holder of a mezzanine loan or B-Note, if any, then by the first loss subordinated stockholder and then by the holder of a higher-rated security. In the event of default and the 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 exhaustion of any equity support, reserve fund, letter of credit, mezzanine loans or B-Notes, and any classes of securities junior to those in which we invest, we will not be able to recover all of our investment in the securities we purchase. In addition, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral value is available to satisfy interest and principal payments due on the related mortgage-backed securities, we may incur significant losses. The prices of lower credit quality securities are generally less sensitive to interest rate changes than more highly rated investments, but more sensitive to adverse economic downturns or individual issuer developments. A projection of an economic downturn, for example, could cause a decline in the price of lower credit quality CMBS and CLOs because the ability of borrowers to make principal and interest payments on the mortgages or loans underlying such securities may be impaired, as had occurred throughout the global financial crisis. 
 
 Subordinate interests such as CLOs and similar structured finance investments generally are not actively traded and are relatively illiquid investments and volatility in CLO trading markets may cause the value of these investments to decline. In addition, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral value is available to satisfy interest and principal payments and any other fees in connection with the trust or other conduit arrangement for such securities, amounts that would otherwise be used to make payments on the subordinate securities will be used to repay principal on the more senior securities to the extent necessary to satisfy any senior note overcollateralization ratio and we may incur significant losses. 
 
 With respect to the CMBS and CLOs in which we may invest, overall control over the special servicing of the related underlying mortgage loans will be held by a directing certificateholder or a controlling class representative, which is appointed by the holders of the most subordinated class of commercial mortgage-backed securities in such series. Unless we acquire the subordinate classes of existing series of CMBS and CLOs, we will not have the right to appoint the directing certificateholder. In connection with the servicing of the specially serviced mortgage loans, the related special servicer may, at the direction of the directing certificateholder, take actions with respect to the specially serviced mortgage loans that could adversely affect our interests. 
 
 Real estate valuation is inherently subjective and uncertain. 
 
 The valuation of real estate and, therefore, the valuation of collateral underlying CRE loans made by us, is inherently subjective due to, among other factors, the individual nature of each property, its location, its expected future rental revenues and the valuation methodology adopted. The valuations of our real estate assets may not be precise and may be based on assumptions and methodologies that are inaccurate. Our valuations of our collateral properties may be wrong and we may incur losses. 
 
 We may invest in non-performing real estate loans and participations. 
 
 During an economic downturn or recession, securities of financially troubled or operationally troubled issuers are more likely to go into default than securities of other issuers. Securities of financially troubled issuers and operationally troubled issuers are less liquid and more volatile than securities of companies not experiencing these difficulties. The market prices of such securities are subject to erratic and abrupt market movements and the spread between bid and ask prices may be greater than normally expected. Investment in the securities of financially troubled issuers and operationally troubled issuers involves a high degree of credit and market risk. 
 
 In certain limited cases (e.g., in connection with a workout, restructuring and/or foreclosing proceedings involving one or more of our debt investments), the success of our investment strategy with respect thereto will depend, in part, on our ability to effectuate loan modifications and/or restructures. The activity of identifying and implementing any such restructuring programs entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs. Further, such modifications and/or restructuring may entail, among other things, a substantial reduction in the interest rate and a substantial write-down of the principal of such loan, debt securities or other interests. However, even if a restructuring were successfully accomplished, a risk exists that, upon maturity of such real estate loan, debt securities or other interests replacement takeout financing will not be available. 
 
 These financial difficulties may never be overcome and may cause borrowers to become subject to bankruptcy or other similar administrative and operating proceedings. There is a possibility that we may incur substantial or total losses on our investments and in certain circumstances, become subject to certain additional potential liabilities that may exceed the value of our original investment therein. For example, under certain circumstances, a lender who has inappropriately exercised control over the management and policies of a debtor may have its claims subordinated or disallowed or may be found liable for damages suffered by parties as a result of such actions. In any reorganization or liquidation proceeding relating to our investments, we may lose our entire investment, may be required to accept cash or securities with a value less than our original 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 investment and/or may be required to accept payment over an extended period of time. In addition, under certain circumstances, payments to us and distributions by us to the stockholders may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance, preferential payment or similar transaction under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws. Furthermore, bankruptcy laws and similar laws applicable to administrative proceedings may delay our ability to realize value on collateral for loan positions held by us or may adversely affect the priority of such loans through doctrines such as equitable subordination or may result in a restructure of the debt through principles such as the cramdown provisions of the bankruptcy laws. 
 
 Insurance on mortgage loans and real estate securities collateral may not cover all losses. 
 
 There are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, which may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors, including terrorism, acts of war or damage as a result of climate change-related events, also might result in insurance proceeds insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. Under these circumstances, the insurance proceeds received with respect to a property relating one of our investments might not be adequate to restore our economic position with respect to our investment. Any uninsured loss could result in the loss of cash flow from, and the asset value of, the affected property and the value of our investment related to such property. 
 
 Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of properties that we may acquire upon foreclosure of the properties underlying our investments. 
 
 To the extent we foreclose on properties with respect to which we have extended mortgage loans, we may be subject to environmental liabilities arising from such foreclosed properties. Under various United States federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released on its property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. 
 
 The presence of hazardous substances may adversely affect an owner s ability to sell real estate or borrow using real estate as collateral. To the extent that an owner of a property underlying one of our debt investments becomes liable for removal costs, the ability of the owner to make payments to us may be reduced, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the relevant mortgage asset held by us and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 If we foreclose on any properties underlying our investments, the presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell the property and we may incur substantial remediation costs, thus harming our financial condition. The discovery of material environmental liabilities attached to such properties could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 The properties underlying our CRE loans may be subject to other unknown liabilities that could adversely affect the value of these properties, and as a result, our investments. 
 
 Properties underlying our CRE loans may be subject to other unknown or unquantifiable liabilities that may adversely affect the value of our investments. Such defects or deficiencies may include title defects, title disputes, liens or other encumbrances on the mortgaged properties. The discovery of such unknown defects, deficiencies and liabilities could affect the ability of our borrowers to make payments to us or could affect our ability to foreclose and sell the underlying properties, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, we, our executive officers, directors and our Manager may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments. 
 
 Construction loans involve an increased risk of loss. 
 
 We invest in and may continue to invest in construction loans. If we fail to fund our entire commitment on a construction loan or if a borrower otherwise fails to complete the construction of a project, there could be adverse consequences associated with the loan, including, but not limited to: a loss of the value of the property securing the loan, especially if the borrower is unable to raise funds to complete it from other sources; a borrower claim against us for failure to perform under the loan documents; increased costs to the borrower that the borrower is unable to pay; a bankruptcy filing by the borrower; and abandonment by the borrower of the collateral for the loan. 
 
 Our investments in construction loans require us to make estimates about the fair value of land improvements that may be challenged by the IRS. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We may invest in construction loans, the interest from which would be qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests applicable to REITs, provided that the loan value of the real property securing the construction loan was equal to or greater than the highest outstanding principal amount of the construction loan during any taxable year. For purposes of construction loans, the loan value of the real property is generally the fair value of the land plus the reasonably estimated cost of the improvements or developments (other than personal property) that secure the loan and that are to be constructed from the proceeds of the loan. There can be no assurance that the IRS would not challenge our estimates of the loan values of the real property. 
 
 Our investments may be concentrated and could be subject to risk of default. 
 
 We are not required to observe specific diversification criteria, except as may be set forth in the investment guidelines adopted by our board of directors. Therefore, our investments in our target assets may at times be concentrated in certain property types that are subject to higher risk of foreclosure, or secured by properties concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. To the extent that our investment portfolio is concentrated in any one region, sponsor or type of asset, economic and business downturns relating generally to such region, sponsor or type of asset may result in defaults on a number of our investments within a short time period, which may reduce our net income and the value of our common stock and accordingly reduce our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 
 We may need to foreclose on loans that are in default, which could result in losses. 
 
 We may find it necessary to foreclose on loans that are in default. Foreclosure processes are often lengthy and expensive. Results of foreclosure processes may be uncertain, as claims may be asserted by borrowers or by other lenders or investors in the borrowers that interfere with enforcement of our rights, such as claims that challenge the validity or enforceability of our loan or the priority or perfection of our mortgage or other security interests. Borrowers may resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against us, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and defenses, even when the assertions may have no merit, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action and seek to force us into a modification of the loan or a buy-out of the loan for less than we are owed. At any time prior to or during the foreclosure proceedings, the borrower may file for bankruptcy, which would have the effect of staying the foreclosure actions and delaying the foreclosure processes and potentially result in reductions or discharges of borrower s debt. Foreclosure may create a negative public perception of the collateral property, resulting in a diminution of its value. Even if we are successful in foreclosing on a mortgage loan, the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our investment. Any costs or delays involved in the foreclosure of the loan or a liquidation of the underlying property will reduce the net proceeds realized and, thus, increase the potential for loss. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the trading symbol ACRE. Recently, the global capital and credit markets have experienced increased volatility. The market price and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. 
 
 Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price of our common stock include: 
 
 our actual or projected operating results, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity, or changes in business strategy or prospects; 
 
 actual or perceived conflicts of interest with our Manager or Ares Management and individuals, including our executives; 
 
 equity issuances by us, or share resales by our stockholders, or the perception that such issuances or resales may occur; 
 
 loss of a major funding source; 
 
 actual or anticipated accounting problems; 
 
 publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 
 adverse market reaction to any increased indebtedness we incur in the future; 
 
 additions to or departures of our Manager s or Ares Management s key personnel; 
 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 
 increases in market interest rates and widening of market credit spreads, which may lead investors to demand a higher distribution yield for our common stock and would result in increased interest expenses on our debt; 
 
 failure to maintain our REIT qualification or exemption from the 1940 Act; 
 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 
 general market and economic conditions, and trends, including concerns regarding a recession and the current state of the credit and capital markets; 
 
 significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of publicly traded REITs or other companies in our sector, which are not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; 
 
 changes in law, regulatory policies or tax guidelines, or interpretations thereof, particularly with respect to REITs; 
 
 changes in the value of our portfolio; 
 
 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts; 
 
 operating performance of companies comparable to us; 
 
 short-selling pressure with respect to shares of our common stock or REITs generally; 
 
 uncertainty surrounding the continued strength of the United States economy; and 
 
 concerns regarding volatility in the United States and global financial markets. 
 
 As noted above, market factors unrelated to our performance could also negatively impact the market price of our common stock. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates continue to increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in the capital markets can affect the market value of our common stock. 
 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market prices of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. If our stock price fluctuates significantly, we may be the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 
 Common stock eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on our share price. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 54,443,983 and 47,144,058 shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. 
 
 We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our common stock, or the availability of shares for future sales, on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock or the perception that such sales could occur may adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. 
 
 We may continue to issue additional restricted common stock and other equity-based awards under our Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. We may continue to issue additional shares in subsequent public offerings or private 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 placements to make new investments or for other purposes. In 2021 and 2022, we conducted a total of three registered underwritten offerings where we sold a total of 20.5 million shares. We have also accessed liquidity through an At the Market Stock Offering Program which is currently unavailable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 190,369 shares under the program. If we establish a new At the Market Stock Offering Program, we will not be required to offer any such shares to existing stockholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, it may not be possible for existing stockholders to participate in such future share issuances, which may dilute the existing stockholders interests in us. 
 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we are generally required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with GAAP), prior to the deduction for dividends paid and comply with various other requirements. We currently satisfy and intend to continue to satisfy the distribution requirement through quarterly distributions of all or substantially all of our REIT taxable income in such year, subject to certain adjustments. We have not established a minimum distribution payment level and our ability to pay distributions may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this annual report. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, debt covenants, maintenance of our REIT qualification and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We believe that a change in any one of the following factors could adversely affect our results of operations and impair our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders 
 
 our ability to make profitable investments; 
 
 margin calls or other expenses that reduce our cash flow; 
 
 defaults in our asset portfolio or decreases in the value of our portfolio; and 
 
 the fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. 
 
 As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be able to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future or that the level of any distributions we do make to our stockholders will achieve a market yield or increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 In addition, distributions that we make to our stockholders out of current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for United States federal income tax purposes), and not designated by us as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income, generally will be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary income. However, a portion of our distributions may be designated by us as capital gain dividends and generally will be taxable to our stockholders as long-term capital gain to the extent that such distributions do not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year, without regard to the period for which the stockholder that receives such distribution has held its stock. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for United States federal income tax purposes, and not designated by us as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income, may constitute a return of capital. A return of capital is not taxable, but has the effect of reducing the basis of a stockholder s investment in our common stock, but not below zero. 
 
 Our distributions may exceed our cash flow from our operations and our net income. 
 
 We make and intend to continue to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common stock. The regular quarterly cash distributions we pay are intended to be principally sourced by cash flow from operating activities. However, there can be no assurance that our net income or cash flow from operating activities will be sufficient to cover our future distributions, and we may use other sources of funds, such as from offering proceeds, borrowings and asset sales, to fund portions of our future distributions. 
 
 Investing in our common stock may involve a high degree of risk. 
 
 The investments that we make in accordance with our investment objectives may result in a high amount of risk when compared to alternative investment options and volatility or loss of principal. Our investments may be highly speculative and aggressive, and therefore an investment in our common stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Future offerings of securities may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 If we decide to issue securities that are senior to, convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock, such securities may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to holders of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue such securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR ORGANIZATION AND STRUCTURE 
 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law, or the MGCL, prohibits certain business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us to be acquired. 
 
 Under the MGCL, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: (a) any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting stock of the corporation; or (b) an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding stock of the corporation. 
 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board of directors. 
 
 After the expiration of the five-year period described above, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder must generally be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 
 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation, other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected, or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 
 These supermajority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under the MGCL, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. The MGCL also permits various exemptions from these provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board of directors has adopted a resolution exempting any business combination with Ares Investments or any of its affiliates. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to business combinations between us and Ares Investments or any of its affiliates. As a result, Ares Investments or any of its affiliates may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders, without compliance with the supermajority vote requirements and the other provisions of the statute. The business combination statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations. 
 
 Our board of directors determines our major policies, including with regard to financing, growth, debt capitalization, REIT qualification and distributions. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. Under our charter and the MGCL, our stockholders generally have a right to vote only on the following matters: 
 
 the election or removal of directors; 
 
 the amendment of our charter, except that our board of directors may amend our charter without stockholder approval to: 
 
 change our name; 
 
 change the name or other designation or the par value of any class or series of stock and the aggregate par value of our stock; 
 
 increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock that we have the authority to issue; 
 
 increase or decrease the number of shares of any class or series of stock that we have the authority to issue; and 
 
 effect certain reverse stock splits; 
 
 our dissolution; and 
 
 our being a party to a merger, consolidation, conversion, sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets or statutory share exchange. 
 
 All other matters are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. 
 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common and preferred stock may prevent a change in control. 
 
 Our charter authorizes us to issue up to 450,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of our stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our board of directors may establish a class or series of shares of common or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a merger, third party tender offer or similar transaction or a change in incumbent management that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Maintenance of our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act imposes significant limits on our operations. Your investment return may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 
 We conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our consolidated subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. In order to maintain our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act, the assets in our portfolio are subject to certain restrictions that meaningfully limit our operations. 
 
 In relevant part, Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of the issuer s total assets (exclusive of United States Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, or the 40 test. The term investment securities generally includes all securities except United States Government securities and securities of majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exemption from the definition of investment company under Sections 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 
 We are organized as a holding company that conducts its businesses primarily through wholly-owned and other majority-owned subsidiaries. We conduct our operations in a manner designed so that we do not come within the definition of 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 an investment company because less than 40 of the value of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis consist of investment securities. As such, the securities issued by our wholly-owned or other majority-owned subsidiaries that are exempted from the definition of investment company based on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not have a value in excess of 40 of the value of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis. This requirement limits the types of businesses in which we may engage through such subsidiaries. In addition, the assets we and our consolidated subsidiaries may originate or acquire are limited by the provisions of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under the 1940 Act, which may adversely affect our business. We monitor our holdings to ensure continuing and ongoing compliance with this test. In addition, we believe we are not considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act because we do not engage primarily or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, through our wholly-owned and other majority-owned subsidiaries, we are primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of these subsidiaries. 
 
 We determine whether an entity is one of our majority-owned subsidiaries. The 1940 Act defines a majority-owned subsidiary of a person as a company 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of which are owned by such person, or by another company that is a majority-owned subsidiary of such person. The 1940 Act further defines voting securities as any security presently entitling the owner or holder thereof to vote for the election of directors of a company. We treat entities in which we own at least a majority of the outstanding voting securities as majority-owned subsidiaries for purposes of the 40 test. We have not requested the SEC to approve our treatment of any entity as a majority-owned subsidiary and the SEC has not done so. If the SEC were to disagree with our treatment of one or more subsidiary entities as majority-owned subsidiaries, we would need to adjust our strategy and our assets in order to continue to pass the 40 test. Any such adjustment in our strategy could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 In addition, we and our consolidated subsidiaries may rely upon the exemption from registration as an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. As reflected in no-action letters, the SEC staff's position on Section 3(c)(5)(C) generally requires that at least 55 of an entity s assets comprise qualifying real estate assets and that at least 80 of its assets must comprise qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets under the 1940 Act. Specifically, we expect each of our consolidated subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to invest at least 55 of its assets in mortgage loans, certain mezzanine loans and B-Notes and other interests in real estate that constitute qualifying real estate assets in accordance with SEC staff guidance, and approximately an additional 25 of its assets in other types of mortgages, securities of REITs and other real estate-related assets such as debt and equity securities of companies primarily engaged in real estate businesses and securities issued by pass-through entities of which substantially all of the assets consist of qualifying real estate assets and/or real estate-related assets. 
 
 We expect each of our consolidated subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to rely on guidance published by the SEC staff or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. However, the SEC s guidance was issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations we may encounter. No assurance can be given that the SEC will concur with how we classify the assets of our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 The SEC staff, according to published guidance, takes the view that certain mezzanine loans and B-Notes are qualifying real estate assets. Thus, we intend to treat certain mezzanine loans and B-Notes as qualifying real estate assets. The SEC has not published guidance with respect to the treatment of some of our other current and target assets, including commercial mortgage-backed securities, for purposes of the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exemption. For assets for which the SEC has not published guidance, we intend to rely on our own analysis. For example, unless we receive further guidance from the SEC or its staff with respect to CMBS or CLOs, we intend to treat CMBS or CLOs in which we hold 100 of the controlling class of securities as qualifying real estate assets, and our other holdings in CMBS or CLOs as real estate-related assets. We also intend to treat debt and equity securities of companies primarily engaged in real estate businesses as real estate-related assets. The SEC may in the future take a view different than or contrary to our analysis with respect to the types of assets we have determined to be qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets. To the extent that the SEC staff publishes new or different guidance with respect to these matters, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. If we are required to re-classify our assets, we may no longer be in compliance with the exclusion from the definition of an investment company provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act. 
 
 Certain of our consolidated subsidiaries may rely on the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(6) to the extent that they hold mortgage assets through majority-owned subsidiaries that rely on the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C). The SEC staff has issued little interpretive guidance with respect to Section 3(c)(6) and any guidance published by the SEC staff could require us to adjust our strategy accordingly. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the 1940 Act status of REITs, including the SEC or its staff providing more specific or different guidance regarding these exemptions, will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations. 
 
 Although we monitor our portfolio periodically and prior to each investment origination or acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our exemptive status. If the value of securities issued by our consolidated subsidiaries that are exempted from the definition of investment company by Sections 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we own, exceeds 40 of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis, or if one or more of such subsidiaries fail to maintain an exemption from registration under the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required to (a) substantially change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (b) effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so, or (c) register as an investment company, any of which could negatively affect the value of our common stock, the sustainability of our business model, and our ability to make distributions which could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price for our shares of common stock. 
 
 To maintain our exemptive status, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, we may have to acquire additional assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forego opportunities to acquire assets that we would otherwise want to acquire and would be important to our investment strategy. If we were to lose our exemptive status and were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. Alternatively, if we were to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act, we would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to our capital structure (including our ability to use borrowings), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), and portfolio composition, including disclosure requirements and restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration, and other matters. Compliance with the 1940 Act would, accordingly, limit our ability to make certain investments and require us to significantly restructure our business model. This could have a material adverse effect on our net asset value, the market price for our shares of common stock and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Rapid and steep declines in the values of our real estate-related investments may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or exemption from the 1940 Act. 
 
 If the market value or income potential of real estate-related investments declines as a result of increased interest rates or other factors, we may need to increase our real estate investments and income and/or liquidate our non-qualifying assets in order to maintain our REIT qualification or exemption from the 1940 Act. If the decline in real estate asset values and/or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of any non-qualifying assets that we may own. We may have to make investment decisions that we otherwise would not make absent the REIT and 1940 Act considerations. 
 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover on claims against our directors and officers are limited, which could reduce our stockholders and our recovery against them if they negligently cause us to incur losses. 
 
 The MGCL provides that a director has no liability in such capacity if he performs his duties in good faith, in a manner he reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. A director who performs his or her duties in accordance with the foregoing standards should not be liable to us or any other person for failure to discharge his or her obligations as a director. 
 
 In addition, our charter provides that our directors and officers will not be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages unless the director or officer actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services, or is adjudged to be liable to us or our stockholders based on a finding that his or her action, or failure to act, was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action adjudicated in the proceeding. Our bylaws require us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to any individual who is a present or former director or officer and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or any individual who, while a director or officer and at our request, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager of another corporation, REIT, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. With the approval of our board of directors, we may provide 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 such indemnification and advance for expenses to any individual who served a predecessor of ours in any of the capacities described above and any employee or agent of ours or a predecessor of ours, including our Manager and its affiliates. 
 
 We also are permitted to purchase and maintain insurance or provide similar protection on behalf of any directors, officers, employees and agents, including our Manager and its affiliates, against any liability asserted which was incurred in any such capacity with us or arising out of such status. This may result in us having to expend significant funds, which will reduce the available cash for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management. 
 
 Our charter provides that a director may only be removed for cause upon the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Vacancies may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. These requirements make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in control that is in the best interests of our stockholders. Pursuant to our charter, our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three year terms. The staggered terms of our directors may reduce the possibility of a tender offer or an attempt at a change in control, even though a tender offer or change in control might be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Ownership limitations may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. 
 
 In order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2012, no more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of each taxable year after 2012. Individuals for this purpose include natural persons, private foundations, some employee benefit plans and trusts, and some charitable trusts. To preserve our REIT qualification, among other purposes, our charter generally prohibits any person (except Ares Investments which is subject to a 22 excepted holder limit) from directly or indirectly owning more than 9.8 in value of the outstanding shares of our capital stock or more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our stock. This ownership limitation could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their shares over the then-prevailing market price or which holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH OUR MANAGER AND ITS AFFILIATES 
 
 Our future success depends on our Manager, its key personnel and their access to the investment professionals of Ares Management. We may not find a suitable replacement for our Manager if our Management Agreement is terminated or if such key personnel or investment professionals leave the employment of our Manager or Ares Management or otherwise become unavailable to us. 
 
 We rely on the resources of our Manager to manage our day-to-day operations, as we do not employ any personnel. We rely completely on our Manager to provide us with investment advisory services. 
 
 Our executive officers also serve as officers of our Manager. Our Manager has significant discretion as to the implementation of our investment and operating policies and strategies. Accordingly, we believe that our success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts, experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the officers and key personnel of our Manager. The officers and key personnel of our Manager evaluate, negotiate, close and monitor our investments; therefore, our success depends on their continued service. The departure of any of the officers or key personnel of our Manager could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our Manager is not obligated to dedicate any specific personnel exclusively to us. None of our officers are obligated to dedicate any specific portion of their time to our business. Each of them has significant responsibilities for other investment vehicles managed by affiliates of Ares Management. As a result, these individuals may not always be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business. Further, when there are turbulent conditions in the real estate markets or distress in the credit markets, the attention of our Manager s personnel and our executive officers and the resources of Ares Management will also be required by other investment vehicles managed by affiliates of Ares Management. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we offer no assurance that our Manager will remain our investment manager or that we will continue to have access to our Manager s officers and key personnel. The current term of our Management Agreement expires on April 25, 2023, with automatic one-year term renewals thereafter. However, our Manager may decline to renew the Management Agreement with 180 days written notice prior to the expiration of the renewal term. If the Management Agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute our investment strategy. 
 
 We also depend on access to, and the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the investment professionals of other groups within Ares Management and the information and deal flow generated by Ares Management s investment professionals in the course of their investment and portfolio management activities. The departure of any of these individuals, or of a significant number of the investment professionals or partners of Ares Management, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will continue to have access to Ares Management s investment professionals or its information and deal flow. 
 
 Our growth depends on the ability of our Manager to make investments on favorable terms that satisfy our investment strategy and otherwise generate attractive risk-adjusted returns initially and consistently from time to time. 
 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives depends on our ability to grow, which depends, in turn, on the management and investment teams of our Manager and their ability to identify and to make investments on favorable terms in our target investments as well as on our access to financing on acceptable terms. The demands on the time of the professional staff of our Manager will increase as our portfolio grows, and we cannot assure you that our Manager will be able to hire, train, supervise, manage and retain new officers and employees to manage future growth effectively, and any such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 There are various conflicts of interest in our relationship with our Manager and Ares Management that could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 We are subject to conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with Ares Management, including our Manager and its affiliates. We are managed by our Manager, an Ares Management affiliate, and our executive officers are employees of our Manager or one or more of its affiliates. There is no guarantee that the policies and procedures adopted by us, the terms and conditions of the management agreement or the policies and procedures adopted by our Manager, Ares Management and their affiliates, will enable us to identify, adequately address or mitigate these conflicts of interest. 
 
 Some examples of conflicts of interest that may arise by virtue of our relationship with our Manager and Ares Management include: 
 
 Ares Management advisory activities. While our Manager and Ares Management have agreed that for so long as our Manager is managing us, neither Ares Management nor any of its affiliates will sponsor or manage any other United States publicly traded REIT that invests primarily in the same asset classes as us, affiliates of our Manager may manage other investment vehicles (including non-traded or perpetual life REITs) that have investment objectives that compete or overlap with, and may from time to time invest in, our target asset classes. This may apply to existing investment vehicles or investment vehicles that may be organized, or that affiliates of our Manager may acquire the management in the future. Consequently, we, on the one hand, and these other investment vehicles, on the other hand, may from time to time pursue the same or similar investment opportunities. To the extent such existing vehicles or other future Ares managed vehicles seek to acquire the same target assets as our Company, the scope of opportunities otherwise available to us may be adversely affected and/or reduced. Our Manager, Ares Management or their affiliates may also give advice to Ares managed investment vehicles that may differ from the advice given to us even though their investment objectives may be the same or similar to ours. 
 
 Allocation of investments. Ares Management and our Manager endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, subject to Ares Management s allocation policy. Ares Management s allocation policy, which may be amended without our consent, is intended to enable us to share equitably with any other investment vehicles that are managed by Ares Management. In general, investment opportunities are allocated taking into consideration various factors, including, among others, the relevant investment vehicles available capital, their investment objectives or strategies, their risk profiles and their existing or prior positions in an issuer/security, their potential conflicts of interest, the nature of the opportunity and market conditions, as well as the rotation of investment opportunities. Nevertheless, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by investment vehicles managed by affiliates of our Manager. In addition, there may be conflicts in the allocation of investment opportunities among us and the investment vehicles managed by affiliates of our Manager. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Co-investments. Other Ares managed investment vehicles may co-invest with us or hold positions in an investment, or provide debt with respect to an underlying property , where we have also invested, including by means of splitting investments, participating in investments or other means of syndication of investments. Such investments may raise potential conflicts of interest between us and such other Ares managed investment vehicles. To the extent such existing vehicles or other Ares managed vehicles that may be organized in the future seek to acquire the same target assets as us, subject to Ares Management s allocation policy described above, the scope of opportunities otherwise available to us may be adversely affected and/or reduced. In such circumstances, the size of the investment opportunity otherwise available to us may be less than it would otherwise have been, and we may participate in such opportunities on different and potentially less favorable economic terms than such other parties if our Manager deems such participation as being otherwise in our best interests. Furthermore, when such other Ares managed investment vehicles have interests or requirements that do not align with our interests, including differing liquidity needs or desired investment horizons, conflicts may arise in the manner in which any voting or control rights are exercised with respect to the relevant investment, potentially resulting in an adverse impact on us. If we participate in a co-investment with an Ares managed investment vehicle and such vehicle fails to fund a future advance on a loan, we may be required to, or we may elect to, cover such advance and invest additional funds. In addition, if we and such other Ares managed investment vehicles invest in different classes or types of debt or investments relating to the same underlying property or properties, actions may be taken by such other Ares managed investment vehicles that are adverse to our interests, including, but not limited to, during a work-out, restructuring or insolvency proceeding or similar matter occurring with respect to such investment. 
 
 Investments in which Ares managed investment vehicles hold different investments. We may invest in, acquire, sell assets to or provide financing to investment vehicles managed by Ares Management or its affiliates and their portfolio companies or purchase assets from, sell assets to, or arrange financing from any such investment vehicles and their portfolio companies. Any such transactions will require approval by a majority of our independent directors. There can be no assurance that any procedural protections will be sufficient to ensure that these transactions will be made on terms that will be at least as favorable to us as those that would have been obtained in an arm s-length transaction. 
 
 Ares warehouse line. Ares Management maintains a 200 million real estate debt warehouse investment vehicle that holds Ares Management originated real estate loans, which are made available to purchase by other investment vehicles, including us and other Ares Management managed investment vehicles. Although our Manager will approve the purchase of such loans only on terms, including the consideration to be paid, that are determined by our Manager in good faith to be appropriate for us, it is possible that the interests of Ares Management could be in conflict with ours and the interests of our stockholders. Our opportunity to purchase loans from such vehicle may be on different and potentially less favorable economic terms than other Ares managed vehicles if our Manager deems such purchase as being otherwise in our best interests. 
 
 Fees and expenses. We will be responsible for our proportionate share of certain fees and expenses, including due diligence costs, as determined by our Manager and Ares Management, including legal, accounting and financial advisor fees and related costs, incurred in connection with evaluating and consummating investment opportunities, regardless of whether such transactions are ultimately consummated by the parties thereto. 
 
 The ability of our Manager and its officers and employees to engage in other business activities may reduce the time our Manager spends managing our business and may result in certain conflicts of interest. 
 
 Certain of our officers and directors, and the officers and other personnel of our Manager, also serve or may serve as officers, directors or partners of Ares Management, as well as Ares Management sponsored investment vehicles, including new affiliated potential pooled investment vehicles or managed accounts not yet established, whether managed or sponsored by Ares Management s affiliates or our Manager. Accordingly, the ability of our Manager and its officers and employees to engage in other business activities may reduce the time our Manager spends managing our business. These activities could be viewed as creating a conflict of interest insofar as the time and effort of the professional staff of our Manager and its officers and employees will not be devoted exclusively to our business; instead it will be allocated between our business and the management of these other investment vehicles. 
 
 In the course of our investing activities, we will pay base management fees to our Manager and will reimburse our Manager for certain expenses it incurs. As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net basis after expenses, resulting in, among other things, a lower rate of return than one might achieve through direct investments. As a result of this arrangement, our Manager s interests may be less aligned with our interests. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our Management Agreement with our Manager was not negotiated on an arm s-length basis and may not be as favorable to us as if it had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third party, and the manner of determining the management fees may not provide sufficient incentive to our Manager to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our portfolio since it is based on our stockholders equity per annum and not on our performance. 
 
 We rely completely on our Manager to provide us with investment advisory services. Our executive officers also serve as officers of our Manager. Our Management Agreement was negotiated between related parties and its terms, including fees payable, may not be as favorable to us as if it had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third party. 
 
 We will pay our Manager substantial base management fees regardless of the performance of our portfolio. Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, our Manager receives a base management fee that is calculated as 1.5 of our stockholders equity per annum, which is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in cash, subject to certain adjustments. Our Manager s entitlement to a base management fee, which is not based upon performance metrics or goals, might reduce its incentive to devote its time and effort to seeking investments that provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for our portfolio. Further, the management fee structure gives our Manager the incentive to maximize stockholders equity raised by the issuance of new equity securities or the retention of existing equity, regardless of the effect of these actions on existing stockholders. In other words, the management fee structure will reward our Manager primarily based on the size of our equity raised and not on our financial returns to stockholders. This in turn could hurt both our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The current term of our Management Agreement expires on April 25, 2023. Thereafter, the Management Agreement automatically renews for one-year terms unless terminated upon 180 days written notice prior to the expiration of the current term in accordance with its terms. If the Management Agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to continue to execute our investment strategy. 
 
 Terminating our Management Agreement for unsatisfactory performance of the Manager or electing not to renew the Management Agreement may be difficult and terminating the agreement in certain circumstances requires payment of a substantial termination fee. 
 
 Terminating our Management Agreement without cause is difficult and costly. Our independent directors will review our Manager s performance and the management fees annually and, upon 180 days written notice prior to the expiration of any renewal term, the Management Agreement may be terminated upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our independent directors based upon: (a) our Manager s unsatisfactory performance that is materially detrimental to us; or (b) a determination that the management fees payable to our Manager are not fair, subject to our Manager s right to prevent termination based on unfair fees by accepting a reduction of management fees agreed to by at least two-thirds of our independent directors. Additionally, upon any such termination, the Management Agreement provides that we will pay our Manager a termination fee equal to three times the sum of the average annual base management fee and incentive fee received by our Manager during the 24-month period before such termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter. This provision increases the cost to us of terminating the Management Agreement and adversely affects our ability to terminate our Manager without cause. 
 
 The incentive fee payable to our Manager under the Management Agreement may cause our Manager to select investments in riskier assets to increase its incentive compensation. 
 
 Our Manager is entitled to receive incentive compensation based upon our achievement of targeted levels of Core Earnings. Core Earnings is defined in our Management Agreement as net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding non-cash equity compensation expense, the incentive fee, depreciation and amortization (to the extent that any of our target investments are structured as debt and we foreclose on any properties underlying such debt), any unrealized gains, losses or other non-cash items recorded in net income (loss) for the period, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income (loss), and one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain non-cash charges after discussions between our Manager and our independent directors and after approval by a majority of our independent directors. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 3.4 million, 2.8 million and 0.8 million of incentive fees were incurred, respectively. In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn incentive fees based on Core Earnings may lead our Manager to place undue emphasis on the maximization of Core Earnings at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, in order to achieve higher incentive compensation. Investments with higher yield potential are generally riskier or more speculative. This could result in increased risk to the value of our investment portfolio. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Our Manager manages our portfolio in accordance with very broad investment guidelines and our board of directors does not approve each investment and financing decision made by our Manager, which may result in us making riskier investments than those currently comprising our investment portfolio. 
 
 While our directors periodically review our investment portfolio, they do not review all of our proposed investments. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our directors may rely primarily on information provided to them by our Manager. Our investment guidelines may be changed from time to time. Furthermore, our Manager may use complex strategies and transactions entered into by our Manager that may be difficult or impossible to unwind by the time they are reviewed by our directors. Our Manager has great latitude in determining the types of assets that are proper investments for us, which could result in investment returns that are substantially below expectations or that result in losses, which would materially and adversely affect our business operations and results. In addition, our Manager is not subject to any limits or proportions with respect to the mix of target investments that we originate or acquire other than as necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT and our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act. Decisions made and investments entered into by our Manager may not fully reflect your best interests. 
 
 Our Manager may change its investment process, or elect not to follow it, without stockholder consent at any time, which may adversely affect our investments. 
 
 Our Manager may change its investment process without stockholder consent at any time. In addition, there can be no assurance that our Manager will follow its investment process in relation to the identification and underwriting of prospective investments. Changes in our Manager s investment process may result in inferior, among other things, due diligence and underwriting standards, which may adversely affect the performance of our portfolio. 
 
 We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, stockholders or affiliates from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. 
 
 We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, stockholders or affiliates from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. However, our code of business conduct and ethics contains a conflicts of interest policy that prohibits our directors and officers, as well as employees of our Manager from engaging in any transaction that involves an actual conflict of interest with us without the approval of the audit committee of our board of directors. In addition, our Management Agreement does not prevent our Manager and its affiliates from engaging in additional management or investment opportunities, some of which could compete with us, and our code of business conduct and ethics acknowledges that such activities shall not be deemed a conflict of interest. 
 
 Our Manager is subject to extensive regulation as an investment adviser, which could adversely affect its ability to manage our business. 
 
 Our Manager is subject to regulation as an investment adviser by various regulatory authorities that are charged with protecting the interests of its clients, including us. Instances of criminal activity and fraud by participants in the investment management industry and disclosures of trading and other abuses by participants in the financial services industry have led the United States Government and regulators to increase the rules and regulations governing, and oversight of, the United States financial system. This activity resulted in changes to the laws and regulations governing the investment management industry and more aggressive enforcement of the existing laws and regulations. Our Manager could be subject to civil liability, criminal liability, or sanction, including revocation of its registration as an investment adviser, revocation of the licenses of its employees, censures, fines, or temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business, if it is found to have violated any of these laws or regulations. Any such liability or sanction could adversely affect our Manager s ability to manage our business. Our Manager must continually address conflicts between its interests and those of its clients, including us. In addition, the SEC and other regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential and actual conflicts of interest. Our Manager has procedures and controls that are reasonably designed to address these issues. However, appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and if our Manager fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest, it could face litigation or regulatory proceedings or penalties, any of which could adversely affect its ability to manage our business. 
 
 We may not replicate Ares Management s historical performance. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will replicate Ares Management s historical performance, and we caution you that our investment returns could be substantially lower than the returns achieved by other entities managed by Ares Management or its affiliates. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to other analytical tools, our Manager may utilize financial models to evaluate commercial mortgage loans and CRE-related debt instruments, the accuracy and effectiveness of which cannot be guaranteed. 
 
 In addition to other analytical tools, our Manager may utilize financial models to evaluate commercial mortgage loans and CRE-related debt instruments, the accuracy and effectiveness of which cannot be guaranteed. In all cases, financial models are only estimates of future results which are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. There can be no assurance that our Manager s projected results will be attained and actual results may vary significantly from the projections. General economic and industry-specific conditions, which are not predictable, can have an adverse impact on the reliability of projections. 
 
 We do not own the Ares name, but we may use the name pursuant to a license agreement with Ares Management. Use of the name by other parties or the termination of our license agreement may harm our business. 
 
 We have entered into a license agreement with Ares Management pursuant to which it has granted us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Ares. Under this agreement, we have a right to use this name for so long as ACREM serves as our Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement. Ares Management retains the right to continue using the Ares name. We cannot preclude Ares Management from licensing or transferring the ownership of the Ares name to third parties, some of whom may compete with us. Consequently, we would be unable to prevent any damage to goodwill that may occur as a result of the activities of Ares Management or others. Furthermore, in the event that the license agreement is terminated, we will be required to change our name and cease using the name. Any of these events could disrupt our recognition in the market place, damage any goodwill we may have generated and otherwise harm our business. The license agreement terminates upon expiration of the Management Agreement and may also be terminated by either party without penalty upon 180 days written notice to the other party. 
 
 Our Manager s and Ares Management s liability is limited under the Management Agreement, and we have agreed to indemnify our Manager against certain liabilities. As a result, we could experience poor performance or losses for which our Manager would not be liable. 
 
 Pursuant to the Management Agreement, our Manager does not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder and will not be responsible for any action of our board of directors in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Under the terms of the Management Agreement, our Manager, its officers, members, managers, directors, personnel, any person controlling or controlled by our Manager, including Ares Management, and any person providing services to our Manager will not be liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our stockholders or partners or any subsidiary s stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Management Agreement, except by reason of acts constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of their duties under the Management Agreement. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify our Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, personnel, any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any person providing services to our Manager with respect to all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims arising from acts of our Manager not constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of duties, performed in good faith in accordance with and pursuant to the Management Agreement. 
 
 UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX RISKS 
 
 Our failure to remain qualified as a REIT would subject us to United States federal income tax and potentially state and local tax, and would adversely affect our operations and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2012. However, we may terminate our REIT election if our board of directors determines that not qualifying as a REIT is in the best interests of our stockholders. We may also inadvertently terminate our REIT election, as our qualification as a REIT depends upon our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. We have structured and intend to continue structuring our activities in a manner designed to satisfy all the requirements for qualification as a REIT and believe that we have qualified as a REIT since the year of our initial election. The REIT qualification requirements are extremely complex and interpretation of the United States federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT is limited. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in operating so we can remain qualified as a REIT. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends on our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Our compliance with the REIT income or quarterly asset requirements also depends on our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Accordingly, if certain of our operations were to be re-characterized by the IRS such re-characterization could jeopardize our ability to satisfy all the requirements for qualification as 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 a REIT. Furthermore, future legislative, judicial or administrative changes to the United States federal income tax laws could be applied retroactively, which could result in our disqualification as a REIT. 
 
 If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT for any taxable year, and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we will be subject to United States federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate. In addition, we would generally be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year of losing our REIT qualification. Losing our REIT qualification would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax liability. In addition, distributions to stockholders would no longer qualify for the dividends paid deduction, and we would no longer be required to make distributions. If this occurs, we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable tax. 
 
 Furthermore, any REIT in which we invest directly or indirectly, including the REIT through which we own our interest in the CLO Securitizations, ACRC 2017-FL3 Holder REIT LLC FL3 REIT ), is independently subject to, and must comply with, the same REIT requirements that we must satisfy in order to qualify as a REIT, together with all other rules applicable to REITs. If the subsidiary REIT fails to qualify as a REIT and certain statutory relief provisions do not apply, then (a) the subsidiary REIT would become subject to United States federal income tax, (b) the subsidiary REIT will be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost, (c) our investment in the subsidiary REIT could cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary REIT may cease to be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the 75 gross income test, and (d) we may fail certain of the asset or income tests applicable to REITs, in which event we will fail to qualify as a REIT unless we are able to avail ourselves of certain statutory relief provisions. Failure to meet the senior note overcollateralization tests for our CLO Securitizations and any resulting failure to receive payments from the CLO Securitizations, absent a consent dividend by the subsidiary REIT, may be detrimental in the FL3 REIT s ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 REITs, in certain circumstances, may incur tax liabilities that would reduce the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, we may be subject to United States federal income taxes and related state and local taxes. For example, net income from the sale of properties that are considered inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers by a REIT in the ordinary course of its trade or business (a prohibited transaction under the Code) will be subject to a 100 tax. Also, if we were to fail an income test (and did not lose our REIT status because such failure was due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect) we would be subject to tax on the portion of our income that does not meet the income test requirements. We also may decide to retain net capital gains we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay United States federal income tax directly on such income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability unless they file United States federal income tax returns and thereon seek a refund of such tax. We also will be subject to corporate tax on any undistributed REIT taxable income. We also may be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, including franchise, payroll, mortgage recording and transfer taxes, either directly or at the level of the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets, such as our TRSs, which are subject to full United States federal, state, and local corporate-level income taxes. Finally, we may incur an excise tax applicable to REITs if we fail to make sufficient distributions to our stockholders during the course of a taxable year, along with any distributions declared in the fourth quarter of a year and paid in January of the following year. Any taxes we pay directly or indirectly will reduce our cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must meet annual distribution requirements, which may force us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities or borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. This could delay or hinder our ability to meet our investment objectives and reduce your overall return. 
 
 In order to maintain our status as a REIT, we must annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with GAAP), prior to the deduction for dividends paid and comply with various other requirements as a REIT. We will be subject to United States federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income and net capital gain at corporate rates and to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (a) 85 of our ordinary income, (b) 95 of our capital gain net income and (c) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. These requirements could inhibit our ability to finance our growth and cause us to distribute amounts that otherwise would be spent on investments in real estate assets and it is possible that we might be required to borrow funds, possibly at unfavorable rates, or sell assets to fund these distributions. Although we have made and intend to continue to make distributions sufficient to meet the annual 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 distribution requirements and to avoid United States federal income taxes on our earnings while we qualify as a REIT, it is possible that we might not always be able to do so. 
 
 Certain of our business activities are potentially subject to the prohibited transaction tax, which could reduce the return on your investment. 
 
 For so long as we qualify as a REIT, our ability to dispose of property during the first few years following acquisition may be restricted to a substantial extent as a result of our REIT qualification. Under applicable provisions of the Code regarding prohibited transactions by REITs, we will be subject to a 100 penalty tax on any gain recognized on the sale or other disposition of any property (other than foreclosure property) that we own, directly or through any subsidiary entity, but generally excluding TRSs, that is deemed to be inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. Whether property is inventory or otherwise held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the particular facts and circumstances surrounding each property. While we qualify as a REIT, we will seek to avoid the 100 prohibited transaction tax by (a) conducting activities that may otherwise be considered prohibited transactions through a TRS (such TRS will incur income tax at corporate tax rates with respect to any income or gain recognized by it), (b) conducting our operations in such a manner so that no sale or other disposition of an asset we own, directly or through any subsidiary (other than a TRS), will be treated as a prohibited transaction, or (c) structuring certain dispositions of our properties to comply with a prohibited transaction safe harbor available under the Code for properties that have been held for at least two years. However, no assurance can be given that any particular property we own, directly or through any subsidiary entity, but generally excluding TRSs, will not be treated as inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. 
 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions, including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans that would be treated as sales for United States federal income tax purposes. 
 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, but including mortgage loans, held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We might be subject to this tax if we were to sell or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans as inventory for United States federal income tax purposes. Therefore, in order to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of loans, other than through a TRS, and we may be required to limit the structures we use for our securitization transactions, even though such sales or structures might otherwise be beneficial for us. 
 
 TRSs are subject to corporate-level taxes and dealings with TRSs may be subject to 100 excise tax. 
 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more TRS. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. A corporation of which a TRS directly or indirectly owns more than 35 of the voting power or value of the stock will automatically be treated as a TRS. Overall, no more than 20 (25 for our taxable years beginning prior to January 1, 2018) of the gross value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs, and the aggregate value of debt instruments issued by public REITs held by us that are not otherwise secured by real property may not exceed 25 of the value of our total assets. In addition, the TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 
 ACRC W TRS, FL3 TRS, ACRC WM and other TRSs that we may form will pay United States federal, state and local income tax on their taxable income, and their after-tax net income will be available for distribution to us but will not be required to be distributed to us, unless necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. While we will be monitoring the aggregate value of the securities of our TRSs and intend to conduct our affairs so that such securities will represent less than 20 of the value of our total assets, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the TRS limitation in all market conditions. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Our investments in certain debt instruments may cause us to recognize income for United States federal income tax purposes even though no cash payments have been received on the debt instruments, and certain modifications of such debt by us could cause the modified debt to not qualify as a good REIT asset, thereby jeopardizing our REIT qualification. 
 
 Our taxable income may substantially exceed our net income as determined based on GAAP, or differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash may occur. For example, we may acquire assets, including debt securities requiring us to accrue original issue discount or recognize market discount income, that generate taxable income in excess of economic income or in advance of the corresponding cash flow from the assets. In addition, if a borrower with respect to a particular debt instrument encounters financial difficulty rendering it unable to pay stated interest as due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to accrue and recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income with the effect that we will recognize income but will not have a corresponding amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 As a result of the foregoing, we may generate less cash flow than taxable income in a particular year and find it difficult or impossible to meet the REIT distribution requirements in certain circumstances. In such circumstances, we may be required to (a) sell assets in adverse market conditions, (b) borrow on unfavorable terms, (c) distribute amounts that would otherwise be used for future acquisitions or used to repay debt, or (d) make a taxable distribution of our shares of common stock as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares of common stock or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash, in order to comply with the REIT distribution requirements. 
 
 Moreover, we may acquire distressed debt investments that require subsequent modification by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt are significant modifications under the applicable Treasury Regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us in a debt-for-debt taxable exchange with the borrower. This deemed reissuance may prevent the modified debt from qualifying as a good REIT asset if the underlying security has declined in value and would cause us to recognize income to the extent the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified debt. 
 
 The failure of mortgage loans subject to a repurchase agreement to qualify as a real estate asset would adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 We have entered into repurchase agreements under which we will nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase the sold assets. We believe that we will be treated for United States federal income tax purposes as the owner of the assets that are the subject of any such agreements notwithstanding that such agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the repurchase agreement, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT if our remaining assets do not satisfy the asset tests or if our income does not satisfy the gross income tests. 
 
 The failure of mezzanine loans to qualify as a real estate asset would adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 In order for a loan to be treated as a qualifying real estate asset producing qualifying income for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests, generally the loan must be secured by real property or an interest in real property. We may originate or acquire mezzanine loans that are not directly secured by real property or an interest in real property but instead are secured by equity interests in a partnership or limited liability company that directly or indirectly owns real property or an interest in real property. In Revenue Procedure 2003-65, the IRS provided a safe harbor pursuant to which a mezzanine loan that is not secured by real estate would, if it meets each of the requirements contained in the Revenue Procedure, be treated by the IRS as a qualifying real estate asset. Although the Revenue Procedure provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law and in many cases it may not be possible for us to meet all the requirements of the safe harbor. We cannot provide assurance that any mezzanine loan in which we invest would be treated as a qualifying asset producing qualifying income for REIT qualification purposes. If any such loan fails either the REIT income or asset tests, we may be disqualified as a REIT. 
 
 Our qualification as a REIT and exemption from United States federal income tax with respect to certain assets may be dependent on the accuracy of legal opinions or advice rendered or given or statements by the issuers of assets that we acquire, and the inaccuracy of any such opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect our REIT qualification and result in corporate-level tax. 
 
 When purchasing securities, we may rely on opinions or advice of counsel for the issuer of such securities, or statements made in related offering documents, for purposes of determining whether such securities represent debt or equity 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 securities for United States federal income tax purposes, and also to what extent those securities constitute real estate assets for purposes of the asset tests and produce qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test. In addition, when purchasing the equity tranche of a securitization, we may rely on opinions or advice of counsel regarding the qualification of the securitization for exemption from United States corporate income tax and the qualification of interests in such securitization as debt for United States federal income tax purposes. The inaccuracy of any such opinions, advice or statements may adversely affect our REIT qualification and result in significant corporate level tax. 
 
 The taxable mortgage pool, or TMP, rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 
 Our CLO securitizations resulted in the creation of a TMP for federal income tax purposes. Future securitizations by us or our consolidated subsidiaries could result in the creation of additional TMPs for United States federal income tax purposes. As a result, we could have excess inclusion income. Certain categories of stockholders, such as non-United States stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax-exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to any such excess inclusion income. In the case of a stockholder that is a REIT, regulated investment company RIC ), common trust fund or other pass-through entity, our allocable share of our excess inclusion income could be considered excess inclusion income of such entity. In addition, to the extent that our common stock is owned by tax-exempt disqualified organizations, such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business income, we may incur a corporate level tax on a portion of any excess inclusion income. Because this tax generally would be imposed on us, all of our stockholders, including stockholders that are not disqualified organizations, generally will bear a portion of the tax cost associated with the classification of us or a portion of our assets as a TMP. A RIC or other pass through entity owning our common stock in record name will be subject to tax at the highest United States federal corporate tax rate on any excess inclusion income allocated to their owners that are disqualified organizations. The manner in which excess inclusion income is calculated is not clear under current law. As required by IRS guidance, we intend to make such determinations based on what we believe to be a reasonable method. However, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge our method of making any such determinations. If the IRS were to disagree with any such determinations made or with the method used by us, the amount of any excess inclusion income required to be taken into account by one or more stockholders, including tax-exempt stockholders, non-United States stockholders and stockholders with net operating losses, could be significantly increased. Moreover, we could face limitations in selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for tax purposes. Finally, if we were to fail to qualify as a REIT, any TMP securitizations would be treated as separate taxable corporations for United States federal income tax purposes that could not be included in any consolidated United States federal corporate income tax return. These limitations may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. 
 
 We may choose to make distributions in our own stock, in which case you may be required to pay income taxes in excess of the cash dividends you receive. 
 
 In connection with our qualification as a REIT, we are required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with GAAP), prior to the deduction for dividends paid and comply with various other requirements as a REIT. In order to satisfy this requirement, we may make distributions that are payable in cash and/or shares of our common stock (which could account for a significant percentage of the aggregate amount of such distributions) at the election of each stockholder. Taxable stockholders receiving such distributions will be required to include the full amount of such distributions as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for United States federal income tax purposes. As a result, United States stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of the cash portion of the distribution received. Accordingly, United States stockholders receiving a distribution of our shares may be required to sell shares received in such distribution or may be required to sell other stock or assets owned by them, at a time that may be disadvantageous, in order to satisfy any tax imposed on such distribution. If a United States stockholder sells the stock that it receives as part of the distribution in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount it must include in income with respect to the distribution, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-United States stockholders, we may be required to withhold United States tax with respect to such distribution, including in respect of all or a portion of such distribution that is payable in stock, by withholding or disposing of part of the shares included in such distribution and using the proceeds of such disposition to satisfy the withholding tax imposed. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividend income, such sale may put downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Various tax aspects of such a taxable cash/stock distribution are uncertain and have not yet been addressed by the IRS. No assurance can be given that the IRS will not impose requirements in the future with respect to taxable cash/stock distributions, including on a retroactive basis, or assert that the requirements for such taxable cash/stock distributions have not been met. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 Currently, the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to United States stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for this reduced rate. Although this does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our common stock. Tax rates could be changed in future legislation. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge our liabilities effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 
 
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge our liabilities. Any income from a hedging transaction we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes, price changes or currency fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets or in certain cases to hedge previously acquired hedges entered into to manage risks associated with property that has been disposed of or liabilities that have been extinguished, if properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations, does not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions will likely be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both of the gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRSs are subject to tax on gains and may expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in a TRS generally will not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income of such TRS. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to forgo and/or liquidate otherwise attractive investment opportunities. 
 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must ensure that we meet the REIT gross income tests annually and that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets, including certain mortgage loans and certain kinds of mortgage-related securities. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate assets from our portfolio or not make otherwise attractive investments in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility and reduce the price of our common stock. 
 
 In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made in the provisions of United States federal income tax laws applicable to investments similar to an investment in shares of our common stock. Additional changes to the tax laws are likely to continue to occur, and we cannot assure you that any such changes will not adversely affect the taxation of a stockholder. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. You are urged to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the impact of recent legislation on your investment in our shares and the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. You also should note that our counsel s tax opinion is based 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 upon existing law, applicable as of the date of its opinion, all of which will be subject to change, either prospectively or retroactively. 
 
 Although REITs generally receive better tax treatment than entities taxed as regular corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for United States federal income tax purposes as a corporation. As a result, our charter provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, without the vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and could only cause such changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Potential characterization of distributions or gain on sale may be treated as unrelated business taxable income to tax-exempt investors. 
 
 If (a) we are a pension-held REIT, (b) a tax-exempt stockholder has incurred (or is deemed to have incurred) debt to purchase or hold our common stock or (c) a holder of common stock is a certain type of tax-exempt stockholder, dividends on, and gains recognized on the sale of, common stock by such tax-exempt stockholder may be subject to United States federal income tax as unrelated business taxable income under the Code. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business 
 
 We are subject to regulation by laws and regulations at the local, state and federal levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with current or new laws or regulations or such changes thereto, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. Furthermore, if regulatory capital requirements imposed on our private lenders change, they may be required to limit, or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us. In general, this could potentially increase our financing costs and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 
 Both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have increased in response to the global financial crisis of 2008, as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. Many of these changes occurred as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations, most of which are now in place. We expect that our business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. 
 
 Additionally, legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by legislators and by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 significantly changed U.S. tax law and tax rates. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also authorized the IRS to issue regulations with respect to the new provisions. We cannot predict how future tax proposals and changes in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or regulations or other guidance issued under it, might affect us, our business, our stockholders or our borrowers in the long-term. 
 
 New legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting such legislation could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a REIT or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our stockholders of such qualification, or could have other adverse consequences. Stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisor regarding tax legislative, regulatory, or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to comply with laws, regulations and market standards regarding the privacy, use and security of customer information, we may be subject to legal and regulatory actions and our reputation would be harmed, which would materially adversely affect us. 
 
 We receive, maintain and store the non-public personal information of our loan applicants. The technology and other controls and processes designed to secure our customer information and to prevent, detect and remedy any unauthorized access to that information were designed to obtain reasonable, not absolute, assurance that such information is secure and that any unauthorized access is identified and addressed appropriately. Accordingly, such controls may not have detected, and may in the future fail to prevent or detect, unauthorized access to our borrower information. If this information is inappropriately accessed and used by a third party or an employee for illegal purposes, such as identity theft, we may be responsible to the affected applicant or borrower for any losses he or she may have incurred as a result of misappropriation. In such an instance, we may be liable to a governmental authority for fines or penalties associated with a lapse in the integrity and security of our customers information, which could materially adversely affect us. 
 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business or the business of our borrowers by causing a disruption to our operations or the operations of our borrowers, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information or the confidential information of our borrowers and/or damage to our business relationships or the business relationships of our borrowers, all of which could negatively impact the business, financial condition and operating results of us or our borrowers. 
 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the information resources of us or our borrowers. A cyber incident may be caused by disasters, insiders (through inadvertence or with malicious intent) or malicious third parties (including nation-states or nation-state affiliated actors) using sophisticated, targeted methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption and other security defenses, including hacking, fraud, trickery or other forms of deception. The efficient operation of our business is dependent on computer hardware and software systems, as well as data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, all of which are potentially vulnerable to security breaches and cyber incidents or other data security breaches. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems or those of our borrowers for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, nation-states or nation-state affiliated actors and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. We and our Manager s employees have been and expect to continue to be the target of fraudulent calls, emails and other forms of potentially malicious or otherwise negatively impacting activities and attempts to gain unauthorized access to confidential, personal or other sensitive information. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, fines or penalties, investigations, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation, and damage to our business relationships and reputation, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. 
 
 The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. As our and our borrowers reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by Ares Management and third party service providers, and the information systems of our borrowers. Ares Management has implemented processes, procedures and internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber-incident, do not guarantee that a cyber-incident will not occur and/or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed to not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Moreover, our systems, servers and platforms and those of our third party service providers may be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions that our or their security measures may not detect, which could cause system interruptions, website slowdown or unavailability, delays in communication or loss of data. Accordingly, we and our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us and our service providers to entirely mitigate this risk. We may need to expend significant resources and make significant capital investment to protect against security breaches or to mitigate the impact of any such breaches. There can be no assurance that we or our third party service providers will be successful in preventing cyber-attacks or successfully mitigate their effects. Cybersecurity risks require continuous and increasing attention and other resources from us to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks, upgrade and expand 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 our technologies, systems and processes to adequately address such risks. Such attention diverts time and other resources from other activities and there is no assurance that our efforts will be effective. 
 
 In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. In particular, state and federal laws and regulations related to cybersecurity compliance continue to evolve and change, which may require substantial investments in new technology, software and personnel, which could affect our profitability. These changes may also result in enhanced and unforeseen consequences for cyber-related breaches and incidents, which may further adversely affect our profitability. If we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our business, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
 
 Ineffective internal controls could impact our business and operating results. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 
 
 Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities, which are increasingly considered to contribute to reducing a company s operational risk, market risk and reputational risk, which may in turn impact the long-term sustainability of a company s performance. A variety of organizations measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. In addition, investment in funds that specialize in companies that perform well in such assessments are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have publicly emphasized the importance of such ESG measures to their investment decisions. 
 
 We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we or affiliates of our Manager fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, including, but not limited to diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights, climate change and environmental stewardship, corporate governance and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 However, regional and investor specific sentiment may differ in what constitutes a material positive or negative ESG corporate practice. There is no guarantee that our corporate social responsibility practices will uniformly fit every investors definition of best practices for all ESG considerations across geographies and investor types. 
 
 There is also a growing regulatory interest across jurisdictions in improving transparency regarding the definition, measurement and disclosure of ESG factors in order to allow investors to validate and better understand sustainability claims. In addition, in 2021 the SEC established an enforcement task force to look into ESG practices and disclosures by public companies and investment managers and has started to bring enforcement actions based on ESG disclosures not matching actual investment processes. 
 
 In addition, the SEC has also announced that it is working on proposals for mandatory disclosure of certain ESG-related matters, including with respect to corporate and fund carbon emissions, board diversity and human capital management. At this time, there is uncertainty regarding the scope of such proposals or when they would become effective (if at all). Compliance with any new laws or regulations increases our regulatory burden and could make compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we conduct our business and adversely affect our profitability. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 245 Park Avenue, 42nd Floor, New York, NY 10167. Our principal executive and certain of our other offices are leased by our Manager or one of its affiliates from third parties and pursuant to the terms of our Management Agreement, we reimburse our Manager (or its affiliate, as applicable) for expenses (including our pro-rata portion of rent, telephone, printing, mailing, utilities, office furniture, equipment, machinery and other office, internal and overhead expenses) relating to such offices, including disaster backup recovery sites and facilities maintained for us, our affiliates, our investments or our Manager or its affiliates required for our operation. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the normal course of business, we may be subject to various legal proceedings from time to time. Furthermore, third parties may try to seek to impose liability on us in connection with our loans. As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any material pending legal proceedings. If the current macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions worsen, litigation may increase to the extent we find it necessary to foreclose or otherwise enforce remedies with respect to loans that are in default, which borrowers may seek to resist by asserting counterclaims and defenses against us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 
 
 COMMON STOCK 
 
 Our common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE under the symbol ACRE. On February 14, 2023, the closing price of our common stock, as reported on the NYSE, was 11.89 per share. 
 
 HOLDERS 
 
 As of February 14, 2023, there were 169 holders of record of our common stock, including Cede Co, which holds shares as nominee for The Depository Trust Company, which itself holds shares on behalf of the beneficial owners of shares of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners who hold shares of our common stock in nominee name. The information related to holders of our common stock was obtained through our registrar and transfer agent, based on the results of a broker search. 
 
 DISTRIBUTION POLICY 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for United States federal income tax purposes and, as such, we are generally required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income prior to the deduction for dividends paid. If we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income in any tax year (taking into account any distributions made in a subsequent tax year under Sections 857(b)(9) or 858 of the Code), we will pay tax at regular corporate rates on that undistributed portion. This 90 distribution requirement does not require the distribution of net capital gains. However, if a REIT elects to retain any of its net capital gain for any tax year, it must notify its stockholders and pay tax at regular corporate rates on the retained net capital gain. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we plan to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement in part with dividends paid in 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we elected to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement in part with dividends paid in 2022. Furthermore, if we distribute less than the sum of 1) 85 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, 2) 95 of our capital gain net income for the calendar year, and 3) any undistributed shortfall from our prior calendar year (the Required Distribution to our stockholders during any calendar year (including any distributions declared by the last day of the calendar year but paid in January of the subsequent year), then we are required to pay non-deductible excise tax equal to 4 of any shortfall between the Required Distribution and the amount that was actually distributed. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we accrued an excise tax of 430 thousand, 272 thousand and 369 thousand, respectively. Excise tax payable is included in the line item Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets included in this annual report on Form 10-K. Excise tax expense is included in the line item Income tax expense, including excise tax in the consolidated statements of operations included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We cannot assure our stockholders, however, that the current level of distributions will be sustained, as any distributions that we pay in the future will depend upon our actual results of operations, economic conditions and other factors that could materially alter our expectations. Before we make any distributions, whether for United States federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and debt service on the Financing Agreements and other debt payable. If our cash available for distribution is less than our REIT taxable income, we could be required to sell assets or borrow funds to make cash distributions or we may make a portion of the Required Distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 
 
 Any distributions we make to our stockholders will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, liquidity, debt covenants, funding or margin requirements under securitizations, warehouse facilities or other secured and unsecured borrowing agreements, maintenance of our REIT qualification, applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. The Financing Agreements provide that in an event of default, we may make distributions only to the extent necessary to maintain our status as a REIT. Our earnings, financial condition and liquidity will be affected by various factors, including the net interest and other income from our portfolio, our operating expenses and any other expenditures. See Risk Factors included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Distributions that stockholders receive (not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) will be taxed as ordinary income to the extent they are paid from our earnings and profits (as determined for United States federal income tax purposes), but may be eligible for a 20 deduction under section 199A of the Code. However, distributions that we 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 designate as capital gain dividends generally will be taxable as long-term capital gain to our stockholders. Some portion of these distributions may not be subject to tax in the year in which they are received because depreciation expense reduces the amount of taxable income, but does not reduce cash available for distribution. The portion of our stockholders distribution that is not designated as a capital gain dividend and is in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits is considered a return of capital for United States federal income tax purposes and will reduce the adjusted tax basis of their investment, but not below zero, deferring such portion of their tax until their investment is sold or our company is liquidated, at which time they will be taxed at capital gain rates (subject to certain exceptions). If such portion of our stockholders distribution exceeds the adjusted tax basis of their investment, such excess will be treated as capital gain if they hold their shares of common stock as a capital asset for United States federal income tax purposes. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year, and pay any applicable excise tax. We will furnish annually to each of our stockholders a statement setting forth distributions paid during the preceding year and their characterization as ordinary income, return of capital, qualified dividend income or capital gain. Please note that each stockholder s tax considerations are different, and therefore, our stockholders should consult with their own tax advisors and financial planners prior to making an investment in our shares. 
 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 
 None. 
 
 ISSUERS PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) 
 Maximum 
 Approximate Dollar 
 Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Program (1) 
 in thousands) 
 October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 50,000 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 50,000 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 50,000 Total 
 
 (1) On July 26, 2022, our Board of Directors approved the Repurchase Program of up to 50 million of our common stock which is expected to be in effect until July 26, 2023, or until the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares. As of December 31, 2022, 50 million remained available for future purchases of our common stock under the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of shares of our common stock and may be modified or suspended at any time at our discretion. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Return 

SOURCE: Bloomberg 
 NOTES: Assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in ACRE, the S P 500 Index and the Bloomberg Mortgage REIT Index. Assumes all dividends are reinvested on the respective dividend payment dates without commissions. 
 
 The SNL US Finance REIT Index has been discontinued. As a result, we elected to replace the SNL US Finance REIT Index with the Bloomberg Mortgage REIT Index for disclosure purposes. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 We are a specialty finance company primarily engaged in originating and investing in CRE loans and related investments. We are externally managed by ACREM, a subsidiary of Ares Management, a publicly traded, leading global alternative asset manager, pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement. From the commencement of our operations in late 2011, we have been primarily focused on directly originating and managing a diversified portfolio of CRE debt-related investments for our own account. 
 
 We were formed and commenced operations in late 2011. We are a Maryland corporation and completed our initial public offering in May 2012. We have elected and qualified to be taxed as a REIT for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2012. We generally will not be subject to United States federal income taxes on our REIT taxable income as long as we annually distribute to stockholders an amount at least equal to our REIT taxable income prior to the deduction for dividends paid and comply with various other requirements as a REIT. We also operate our business in a manner that is intended to permit us to maintain our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act. 
 
 Below are significant developments during the year ended December 31, 2022 presented by quarter: 
 
 Developments During the First Quarter of 2022: 
 
 ACRE upsized an existing 20.8 million senior mortgage loan on an industrial property located in Colorado by 3.8 million. 
 ACRE originated a 4.7 million senior mortgage loan on an industrial property located in Florida. 
 ACRE originated a 5.9 million senior mortgage loan on an industrial property located in Florida. 
 ACRE originated a 55.7 million senior mortgage loan on a hotel property located in New York. 
 ACRE originated a 60.8 million senior mortgage loan on a hotel property located in California. 
 ACRE originated a 91.1 million senior mortgage loan on a residential condominium property located in New York. This senior mortgage loan refinanced the previously existing 71.8 million senior mortgage loan that was held by the Company. 
 ACRE originated an 18.2 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Philadelphia. 
 ACRE originated an 8.5 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Massachusetts. 
 ACRE originated a 5.9 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in New Jersey. 
 ACRE originated a 5.4 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Wisconsin. 
 ACRE originated a 2.9 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Texas. 
 ACRE amended the Citibank Facility to, among other things, extend the initial maturity date and funding availability period to January 13, 2025, subject to two 12-month extensions, each of which may be exercised at ACRE s option assuming no existing defaults under the Citibank Facility and applicable extension fees being paid, which, if both were exercised, would extend the maturity date of the Citibank Facility to January 13, 2027. 
 ACRE closed the sale of the hotel property that was classified as real estate owned to a third party for 40.0 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, ACRE recognized a 2.2 million gain on the sale of the hotel property as the net carrying value of the hotel property as of the sale closing date was lower than the net sales proceeds received by ACRE. 
 ACRE re-calibrated its net exposure to interest rate changes by terminating its interest rate cap derivative, which had a notional amount of 170.0 million on the termination date and a strike rate of 0.50 . For the three months ended March 31, 2022, ACRE recognized a 2.0 million realized gain within other comprehensive income in conjunction with the termination of the interest rate cap. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging , the realized gain will be recognized within current earnings over the remaining original term of the interest rate cap derivative as it was designated as an effective hedge. 
 
 Developments During the Second Quarter of 2022: 
 
 ACRE originated an 82.2 million senior mortgage loan on an office property located in Massachusetts. 
 ACRE purchased a 13.8 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Pennsylvania from a third party. 
 ACRE purchased an 8.0 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Texas from a third party. 
 ACRE purchased a 7.7 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Massachusetts from a third party. 
 ACRE purchased a 6.8 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Massachusetts from a third party. 
 ACRE purchased a 4.5 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Florida from a third party. 
 ACRE originated a 133.0 million senior mortgage loan on a multifamily property located in New York. 
 ACRE originated a 100.0 million senior mortgage loan on a multifamily property located in Texas. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 ACRE entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement in which ACRE agreed to sell an aggregate of 7,000,000 shares of ACRE s common stock, par value 0.01 per share. The public offering generated net proceeds of approximately 103.2 million, after deducting transaction expenses. 
 
 Developments During the Third Quarter of 2022: 
 
 ACRE purchased a 17.6 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in New Jersey from a third party. 
 ACRE purchased an 11.5 million senior mortgage loan on a self storage property located in Washington from a third party. 
 ACRE originated a 20.6 million mezzanine loan on a multifamily property located in South Carolina. 
 ACRE purchased a AAA rated CRE debt security with a face amount of 18.0 million from a third party. 
 ACRE purchased a AAA rated CRE debt security with a face amount of 5.0 million from a third party. 
 ACRE purchased a AAA rated CRE debt security with a face amount of 5.0 million from a third party. 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of ACRE closed a 105.0 million note financing, which is secured by a 133.0 million senior mortgage loan held by ACRE on a multifamily property located in New York and is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ACRE pursuant to a Guaranty of Recourse Obligation. The initial maturity date of the 105.0 million note is July 28, 2025, subject to two 12-month extensions, each of which may be exercised at ACRE s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an extension fee, which, if both were exercised, would extend the maturity date to July 28, 2027. Advances under the 105.0 million note accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month SOFR plus a spread of 2.00 . 
 ACRE s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program of up to 50.0 million, which is expected to be in effect until July 26, 2023, or until the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares (the Repurchase Program ). Pursuant to the Repurchase Program, ACRE may repurchase shares of its common stock in amounts, at prices and at such times as it deems appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations, including all applicable legal requirements. 
 
 Developments During the Fourth Quarter of 2022: 
 
 ACRE originated a 56.0 million senior mortgage loan on an office property located in Illinois. This senior mortgage loan refinanced the previously existing 61.0 million senior mortgage loan that was held by ACRE. 
 ACRE amended the Wells Fargo Facility (as defined below) to, among other things, (1) extend the funding period of the Wells Fargo Facility to December 15, 2025, (2) extend the initial maturity date of the Wells Fargo Facility to December 15, 2025, subject to two 12-month extensions, each of which may be exercised at ACRE s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an extension fee, which, if both were exercised, would extend the maturity date of the Wells Fargo Facility to December 14, 2027 and (3) update the interest rate on advances under the Wells Fargo Facility from a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR or SOFR plus a pricing margin range of 1.50 to 2.75 , subject to certain exceptions, to a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR or SOFR plus a pricing margin range of 1.50 to 3.75 , subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 Trends Affecting Our Business 
 
 Global markets continued to see volatility during the year, fueled by further tightening of monetary policy and geopolitical uncertainty. In response to heightened inflation, the Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, which has created further uncertainty for the economy and for our borrowers. These current macroeconomic conditions may continue or aggravate and could cause the United States economy or other global economies to experience an economic slowdown or recession. We continue to monitor the uncertainty surrounding inflation and rising interest rates; however, the full impact that these factors may have on our business remains uncertain. 
 
 Factors Impacting Our Operating Results 
 
 The results of our operations are affected by a number of factors and primarily depend on, among other things, the level of our net interest income, the market value of our assets and the supply of, and demand for, commercial mortgage loans, CRE debt and other financial assets in the marketplace. Our net interest income, which reflects the amortization of origination fees and direct costs, is recognized based on the contractual rate and the outstanding principal balance of the loans we originate. Interest rates will vary according to the type of investment, conditions in the financial markets, creditworthiness of our borrowers, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. Our operating results may also be impacted by credit losses in excess of initial anticipations or unanticipated credit events experienced by borrowers. 
 
 Changes in Fair Value of Our Assets. We originate CRE debt and related instruments generally to be held for investment. Loans that are held for investment are carried at cost, net of unamortized loan fees and origination costs (the carrying value ). 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Loans are generally collateralized by real estate. The extent of any credit deterioration associated with the performance and/or value of the underlying collateral property and the financial and operating capability of the borrower could impact the expected amounts received. We monitor the performance of our loans held for investment portfolio under the following methodology: (1) borrower review, which analyzes the borrower s ability to execute on its original business plan, reviews its financial condition, assesses pending litigation and considers its general level of responsiveness and cooperation; (2) economic review, which considers underlying collateral (i.e. leasing performance, unit sales and cash flow of the collateral and its ability to cover debt service, as well as the residual loan balance at maturity); (3) property review, which considers current environmental risks, changes in insurance costs or coverage, current site visibility, capital expenditures and market perception; and (4) market review, which analyzes the collateral from a supply and demand perspective of similar property types, as well as from a capital markets perspective. Such analyses are completed and reviewed by asset management and finance personnel who utilize various data sources, including periodic financial data such as property occupancy, tenant profile, rental rates, operating expenses, and the borrower s exit plan, among other factors. 
 
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is generally reversed against interest income in the period the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding the borrower s ability to make pending principal and interest payments. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. We may make exceptions to placing a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. Other than as set forth in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K, and as set forth below, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all loans held for investment were paying in accordance with their contractual terms. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had three loans held for investment on non-accrual status with a carrying value of 99.1 million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had two loans held for investment on non-accrual status with a carrying value of 45.0 million. 
 
 Loan balances that are deemed to be uncollectible are written off as a realized loss and are deducted from the current expected credit loss reserve. The write-offs are recorded in the period in which the loan balance is deemed uncollectible based on management s judgment. There were no write-offs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Changes in Market Interest Rates. With respect to our business operations, increases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: 
 
 the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase, subject to any applicable ceilings; 
 
 the value of our mortgage loans to decline; 
 
 coupons on our floating rate mortgage loans to reset to higher interest rates; and 
 
 to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy where we pay fixed and receive floating interest rates, the value of these agreements to increase. 
 
 Conversely, decreases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: 
 
 the interest expense associated with our borrowings to decrease, subject to any applicable floors; 
 
 the value of our mortgage loan portfolio to increase, for such mortgages with applicable floors; 
 
 coupons on our floating rate mortgage loans to reset to lower interest rates, subject to any applicable floors; and 
 
 to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy where we pay fixed and receive floating interest rates, the value of these agreements to decrease. 
 
 Credit Risk. We are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in connection with our target investments. Our Manager seeks to mitigate this risk by seeking to originate or acquire investments of higher quality at appropriate prices with appropriate risk adjusted returns given anticipated and unanticipated losses, by employing a comprehensive review and selection process and by proactively monitoring originated or acquired investments (see the performance monitoring methodology above in 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Fair Value of Our Assets). Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur that could adversely impact our operating results and stockholders equity. 
 
 Performance of Commercial Real Estate Related Markets. Our business is dependent on the general demand for, and value of, commercial real estate and related services, which are sensitive to economic conditions. Demand for commercial real estate generally increases during periods of stronger economic conditions, resulting in increased property values, transaction volumes and loan origination volumes. During periods of weaker economic conditions, commercial real estate may experience higher property vacancies, lower demand and reduced values. These conditions can result in lower property transaction volumes and loan originations. Decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loan or loans, as the case may be, which could also cause us to suffer losses. 
 
 Availability of Leverage and Equity. We expect to use leverage to make additional investments that may increase our potential returns. We may not be able to obtain the amount of leverage we desire and, consequently, the returns generated from our investments may be less than we currently expect. To grow our portfolio of investments, we also may determine to raise additional equity. Our access to additional equity will depend on many factors, and our ability to raise equity in the future cannot be predicted at this time. 
 
 Size of Portfolio. The size of our portfolio of investments, as measured both by the aggregate principal balance and the number of our CRE loans and our other investments, is also an important factor in determining our operating results. Generally, as the size of our portfolio grows, the amount of interest income we receive increases and, at such times, we may achieve certain economies of scale and can diversify risk within our portfolio investments. A larger portfolio, however, may result in increased expenses; for example, we may incur additional interest expense or other costs to finance our investments. Also, if the aggregate principal balance of our portfolio grows but the number of our loans or the number of our borrowers does not grow, we could face increased risk by reason of the concentration of our investments. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On July 26, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program of up to 50.0 million, which is expected to be in effect until July 26, 2023, or until the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares (the Repurchase Program ). Pursuant to the Repurchase Program, we may repurchase shares of our common stock in amounts, at prices and at such times as we deem appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations, including all applicable legal requirements. Repurchases may include purchases on the open market or privately negotiated transactions, under Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, under accelerated share repurchase programs, in tender offers and otherwise. The Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of shares of our common stock and may be modified or suspended at any time at our discretion. We did not conduct any repurchases under the Repurchase Program during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loans Held for Investment Portfolio 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 60 loans held for investment, excluding 150 loans that were repaid, sold or converted to real estate owned since inception. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate originated commitment under these loans at closing was approximately 2.6 billion and outstanding principal was 2.3 billion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded approximately 676.9 million of outstanding principal and received repayments of 823.2 million of outstanding principal. As of December 31, 2022, 90.2 of our loans have LIBOR or SOFR floors, with a weighted average floor of 0.95 , calculated based on loans with LIBOR or SOFR floors. References to LIBOR or L are to 30-day LIBOR and references to SOFR or S are to 30-day SOFR (unless otherwise specifically stated). 
 
 Other than as set forth in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K, as of December 31, 2022, all loans held for investment were paying in accordance with their contractual terms. 
 
 Our loans held for investment are accounted for at amortized cost. The following table summarizes our loans held for investment as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 Carrying Amount (1) Outstanding Principal (1) Weighted Average Unleveraged Effective Yield Weighted Average Remaining Life (Years) Senior mortgage loans 2,225,725 2,243,818 8.4 (2) 8.8 (3) 1.3 Subordinated debt and preferred equity investments 38,283 39,003 14.0 (2) 14.0 (3) 2.8 Total loans held for investment portfolio 2,264,008 2,282,821 8.5 (2) 8.9 (3) 1.4 
 _______________________________ 
 
 (1) The difference between the Carrying Amount and the Outstanding Principal amount of the loans held for investment consists of unamortized purchase discount, deferred loan fees and loan origination costs. 
 (2) Unleveraged Effective Yield is the compounded effective rate of return that would be earned over the life of the investment based on the contractual interest rate (adjusted for any deferred loan fees, costs, premiums or discounts) and assumes no dispositions, early prepayments or defaults. The total Weighted Average Unleveraged Effective Yield is calculated based on the average of Unleveraged Effective Yield of all loans held by us as of December 31, 2022 as weighted by the outstanding principal balance of each loan. 
 (3) Unleveraged Effective Yield is the compounded effective rate of return that would be earned over the life of the investment based on the contractual interest rate (adjusted for any deferred loan fees, costs, premiums or discounts) and assumes no dispositions, early prepayments or defaults. The total Weighted Average Unleveraged Effective Yield is calculated based on the average of Unleveraged Effective Yield of all interest accruing loans held by us as of December 31, 2022 as weighted by the total outstanding principal balance of each interest accruing loan (excludes loans on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022). 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. These estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors management believes to be reasonable. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. We believe the following critical accounting policy represents an area where more significant judgments and estimates are used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve . In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The standard replaced the incurred loss impairment methodology pursuant to GAAP with a methodology that reflects current expected credit losses CECL on both the outstanding balances and unfunded commitments on loans held for investment and requires consideration of a broader range of historical experience adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecast information to inform credit loss estimates (the CECL Reserve ). ASU No. 2016-13 was effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within that reporting period. We adopted ASU No. 2016-13 on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2020. Subsequent period increases and decreases to expected credit losses impact earnings and are recorded within provision for current expected credit losses in our consolidated statements of operations. The CECL Reserve related to outstanding balances on loans held for investment required under ASU No. 2016-13 is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of our loans held for investment in our consolidated balance sheets. The CECL Reserve related to unfunded commitments on loans held for investment is recorded within other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 We estimate our CECL Reserve primarily using a probability-weighted model that considers the likelihood of default and expected loss given default for each individual loan. Calculation of the CECL Reserve requires loan specific data, which includes capital senior to us when we are the subordinate lender, changes in net operating income, debt service coverage ratio, loan-to-value, occupancy, property type and geographic location. Estimating the CECL Reserve also requires significant judgment with respect to various factors, including (i) the appropriate historical loan loss reference data, (ii) the expected timing of loan repayments, (iii) calibration of the likelihood of default to reflect the risk characteristics of our floating-rate loan portfolio and (iv) our current and future view of the macroeconomic environment. We may consider loan-specific qualitative factors on certain loans to estimate our CECL Reserve. In order to estimate the future expected loan losses relevant to our portfolio, we utilize historical market loan loss data licensed from a third party data service. The third party s loan database includes historical loss data for commercial mortgage-backed securities, or CMBS, issued dating back to 1998, which we believe is a reasonably comparable and available data set to our type of loans. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for CECL related disclosures. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K, which describes recent accounting pronouncements that we have adopted or are currently evaluating. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 In January 2023, the senior mortgage loan held by us on an office property located in Illinois was not repaid upon its contractual maturity, which triggered an event of default under the loan agreement. As of February 14, 2023, the outstanding principal balance of the senior Illinois loan is 27.2 million. 
 
 In January 2023, the senior mortgage loan held by us on a mixed-use property located in California did not receive the January interest payment, which triggered an event of default under the loan agreement. As of February 14, 2023, the outstanding principal balance of the senior California loan is 37.9 million. 
 
 In January 2023, we sold the senior loan collateralized by a residential property in California and was in maturity default due to the failure of the borrower to repay the outstanding principal balance of the loan by the maturity date. We sold the loan at an all-cash price of 10.0 million, with estimated net proceeds of 9.8 million. 
 
 In February 2023, the senior mortgage loan held by us on a mixed-use property located in Florida was not repaid upon its contractual maturity, which triggered an event of default under the loan agreement. As of February 14, 2023, the outstanding principal balance of the senior Florida loan is 84.0 million. 
 
 Our Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of 0.33 per common share and a supplemental cash dividend of 0.02 per common share for the first quarter of 2023. The first quarter 2023 and supplemental cash dividends will be payable on April 18, 2023 to common stockholders of record as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total revenue 106,849 102,069 Total expenses 32,728 40,877 Provision for current expected credit losses 46,061 10 Gain on sale of real estate owned 2,197 Income before income taxes 30,257 61,182 Income tax expense, including excise tax 472 722 Net income attributable to common stockholders 29,785 60,460 
 
 The following tables set forth select details of our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 
 Net Interest Margin 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest income 170,171 133,631 Interest expense (65,994) (50,080) Net interest margin 104,177 83,551 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net interest margin was approximately 104.2 million and 83.6 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income of 170.2 million and 133.6 million, respectively, was generated by weighted average earning assets of 2.5 billion and 2.2 billion, respectively, offset by 66.0 million and 50.1 million, respectively, of interest expense, unused fees and amortization of deferred loan costs. The weighted average borrowings under the Secured Funding Agreements, Notes Payable (excluding the Note Payable on the hotel property that was recognized as real estate owned in our consolidated balance sheets), the Secured Term Loan, secured borrowings (described in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K) and securitization debt were 1.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to an increase in our weighted average earning assets and weighted average borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022, the benefit received from our interest rate hedging derivative contracts for the year ended December 31, 2022, the benefit received from the increase in LIBOR and SOFR rates on our loans held for investment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the impact of the accelerated recognition of deferred fees and prepayment penalties received from borrowers related to loans that were repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Revenue From Real Estate Owned 
 
 On March 8, 2019, we acquired legal title to a hotel property through a deed in lieu of foreclosure. Prior to March 8, 2019, the hotel property collateralized a 38.6 million senior mortgage loan that we held that was in maturity default due to the failure of the borrower to repay the outstanding principal balance of the loan by the December 2018 maturity date. In conjunction with the deed in lieu of foreclosure, we derecognized the 38.6 million senior mortgage loan and recognized the hotel property as real estate owned. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue from real estate owned was 2.7 million and 18.5 million, respectively. Revenues consisted of room sales, food and beverage sales and other hotel revenues. The decrease in revenue from real estate owned for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to the year ended December 31, 2022 only including two months of hotel operations. In connection with the sale of the hotel property, we provided a senior mortgage loan to the buyer of the hotel property. The initial advance funded under such loan was 30.7 million, with up to another 25.0 million of additional loan proceeds to be available 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 for future advances to cover a portion of the anticipated property renovation plan costs, provided certain conditions are satisfied. At closing, the buyer contributed 12.9 million of equity into the purchase. Additionally, the buyer is required to fund an additional 8.7 million of equity associated with the anticipated property renovation plan costs. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Management and incentive fees to affiliate 14,898 12,136 Professional fees 3,350 2,436 General and administrative expenses 6,394 4,741 General and administrative expenses reimbursed to affiliate 3,777 3,016 Expenses from real estate owned 4,309 18,548 Total expenses 32,728 40,877 
 
 See the Related Party Expenses, Other Expenses and Expenses from Real Estate Owned discussions below for the cause of the decrease in operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Related Party Expenses 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, related party expenses included 14.9 million in management and incentive fees due to our Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement, which consisted of 11.5 million in management fees and 3.4 million in incentive fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, related party expenses also included 3.8 million for our share of allocable general and administrative expenses for which we were required to reimburse our Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2021, related party expenses included 12.1 million in management and incentive fees due to our Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement, which consisted of 9.4 million in management fees and 2.8 million in incentive fees. For the year ended December 31, 2021, related party expenses also included 3.0 million for our share of allocable general and administrative expenses for which we were required to reimburse our Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement. The increase in management fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to an increase in our weighted average stockholders equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the public offering of 7,000,000 shares of our common stock in May 2022, which generated net proceeds of approximately 103.2 million. The increase in incentive fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to our Core Earnings (defined below) for the year ended December 31, 2022 exceeding the 8 minimum return by a higher margin than the year ended December 31, 2021. Core Earnings is defined in the Management Agreement as GAAP net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding non-cash equity compensation expense, the incentive fee, depreciation and amortization (to the extent that any of our target investments are structured as debt and we foreclose on any properties underlying such debt), any unrealized gains, losses or other non-cash items recorded in net income (loss) for the period, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income (loss), and one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain non-cash charges after discussions between our Manager and our independent directors and after approval by a majority of our independent directors. On April 25, 2022, ACRE and ACREM entered into an amendment to the Management Agreement to (a) include a 2.4 million adjustment to reverse the impact of accumulated depreciation following the sale of the hotel real estate owned property for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and to (b) include a 2.0 million adjustment to include the realized gain from the termination of the interest rate cap derivative for the three months ended March 31, 2022, in each case, with respect to Core Earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2022. Core Earnings is defined in the Management Agreement and is used to calculate the incentive fees the Company pays to ACREM. The increase in allocable general and administrative expenses due to our Manager for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to an increase in the percentage of time allocated to us by employees of our Manager due to changes in transaction activity year over year and the inclusion of additional eligible expense reimbursements per the Amended and Restated Management Agreement that became effective during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Expenses 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, professional fees were 3.4 million and 2.4 million, respectively. The increase in professional fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to an increase in our use of third-party professionals due to changes in transaction activity year over year. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, general and administrative expenses were 6.4 million and 4.7 million, respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 ended December 31, 2021 primarily relates to an increase in stock-based compensation expense due to restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted after December 31, 2021. 
 
 Expenses From Real Estate Owned 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, expenses from real estate owned was comprised of the following in thousands): 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Hotel operating expenses 3,631 16,058 Interest expense on note payable 678 1,665 Depreciation expense 825 Expenses from real estate owned 4,309 18,548 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, hotel operating expenses were 3.6 million and 16.1 million, respectively. Hotel operating expenses consisted primarily of expenses incurred in the day-to-day operation of our hotel property, including room expense, food and beverage expense and other operating expenses. Room expense included housekeeping and front office wages and payroll taxes, reservation systems, room supplies, laundry services and other costs. Food and beverage expense primarily included the cost of food, the cost of beverages and associated labor costs. Other operating expenses included labor and other costs associated with administrative departments, sales and marketing, repairs and maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance, utility costs and management and incentive fees paid to the hotel property manager. The decrease in hotel operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to the year ended December 31, 2022 only including two months of hotel operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense on our note payable was 0.7 million and 1.7 million, respectively. The decrease in interest expense on our note payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily attributed to the year ended December 31, 2022 only including two months of hotel operations. This was partially offset by the accelerated recognition of deferred costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the repayment of our note payable in conjunction with the sale of the hotel property to a third party on March 1, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, no depreciation expense was incurred as the hotel property was classified as real estate owned held for sale effective in November 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, depreciation expense was 0.8 million. 
 
 Provision for Current Expected Credit Losses 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the provision for current expected credit losses was 46.1 million and 10 thousand, respectively. The increase in the provision for current expected credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to changes to the loan portfolio, including new loan production, and the impact of the current macroeconomic environment on certain assets, including rising inflation, and rapidly rising interest rates, partially offset by shorter average remaining loan term and loan repayments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The current expected credit loss reserve CECL Reserve takes into consideration our estimates relating to the impact of macroeconomic conditions on CRE properties and is not specific to any loan losses or impairments on our loans held for investment, unless the Company determines that a specific reserve is warranted for a select asset. Additionally, the CECL Reserve is not an indicator of what we expect our CECL Reserve would have been absent the current and potential future impacts of macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate Owned 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a 2.2 million gain on the sale of the hotel property that was recognized as real estate owned as the net carrying value of the hotel property as of the March 1, 2022 sale date was lower than the net sales proceeds received by the Company. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 The comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 located within Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund and maintain our assets and operations, make distributions to our stockholders and other general business needs. We use significant cash to purchase our target investments, make principal and interest payments on our borrowings, make distributions to our stockholders and fund our operations. 
 
 Our primary sources of cash generally consist of unused borrowing capacity under our Secured Funding Agreements, the net proceeds of future equity offerings, payments of principal and interest we receive on our portfolio of assets and cash generated from our operating activities. Principal repayments from mortgage loans in securitizations where we retain the subordinate securities are applied sequentially, first used to pay down the senior notes, and accordingly, we will not receive any proceeds from repayment of loans in the securitizations until all senior notes are repaid in full. 
 
 We expect our primary sources of cash to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. As a result of the current macroeconomic environment, borrowers may be unable to make interest and principal payments timely, including at the maturity date of the borrower s loan. We have increased our CECL Reserve to reflect this risk. Our Secured Funding Agreements contain margin call provisions following the occurrence of certain mortgage loan credit events. If we are unable to make the required payment or if we fail to meet or satisfy any of the covenants in our Financing Agreements, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral, including cash to satisfy margin calls, and enforce their interests against existing collateral. We are also subject to cross-default and acceleration rights with respect to our Financing Agreements. During the COVID-19 pandemic, to mitigate the risk of future margin calls, we proactively engaged in discussions with certain of our lenders to modify the terms of our borrowings on certain assets within these facilities, in order to, among other things, reduce the amounts we were borrowing against such assets and/or increase the borrowing spreads. If we experience borrower default as a result of the current macroeconomic conditions, we may not be able to negotiate modifications to our borrowings with our lenders, similar to those negotiated during COVID-19, or to receive financing from our Secured Funding Agreements with respect to our commitments to fund our loans held for investment in the future. See Summary of Financing Agreements below for a description of our Financing Agreements. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act, we expect that our primary sources of liquidity will be financing, to the extent available to us, through credit, secured funding and other lending facilities, other sources of private financing, including warehouse and repurchase facilities, and public or private offerings of our equity or debt securities. Furthermore, we have sold, and may continue to sell certain of our mortgage loans, or interests therein, in order to manage liquidity needs. Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may also change our dividend practice, including by reducing the amount of, or temporarily suspending, our future dividends or making dividends that are payable in cash and shares of our common stock for some period of time. We are also able to access additional liquidity through the (i) reinvestment provisions in our FL3 CLO Securitization, which allows us to replace mortgage assets in our FL3 CLO Securitization which have repaid and (ii) future funding acquisition provisions in our FL4 collateralized loan obligation securitization debt FL4 CLO Securitization , together with our FL3 CLO Securitization, our CLO Securitizations ), which allows us to use mortgage asset repayment funds to acquire additional funded pari-passu participations related to the mortgage assets then-remaining in our FL4 CLO Securitization; each subject to the satisfaction of certain reinvestment or acquisition conditions, which may include receipt of a Rating Agency Confirmation and investor approval. There can be no assurance that the conditions for reinvestment or acquisition will be satisfied and whether our CLO Securitizations will acquire any additional mortgage assets or funded pari-passu participations. In addition, our CLO Securitizations contain certain senior note overcollateralization ratio tests. To the extent we fail to meet these tests, amounts that would otherwise be used to make payments on the subordinate securities that we hold will be used to repay principal on the more senior securities to the extent necessary to satisfy any senior note overcollateralization ratio and we may incur significant losses. Our sources of liquidity may be impacted to the extent we do not receive cash payments that we would otherwise expect to receive from the CLO Securitizations if these tests were met. 
 
 Ares Management or one of its investment vehicles, including the Ares Warehouse Vehicle, may originate mortgage loans. We have had and may continue to have the opportunity to purchase such loans that are determined by our Manager in good faith to be appropriate for us, depending on our available liquidity. Ares Management or one of its investment vehicles may also acquire mortgage loans from us. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

We have commitments to fund various senior mortgage loans, as well as subordinated debt and preferred equity investments in our portfolio. Other than as set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, we do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured investment vehicles, special purpose entities or variable interest entities, established to facilitate off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities or entered into any commitment or intend to provide additional funding to any such entities. 
 
 As of February 14, 2023, we had approximately 216 million in liquidity including 141 million of unrestricted cash and 75 million of availability under our Secured Funding Agreements. 
 
 At the Market Stock Offering Program 
 
 On November 22, 2019, we entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement ), governing an at the market offering program having an aggregate offering price of up to 100.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 190,369 shares of our common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreement at an average price of 15.33 per share. The sales generated net proceeds of approximately 2.9 million. The at the market offering program is currently unavailable. 
 
 Equity Offerings 
 
 On May 20, 2022, we closed the public offering of an aggregate of 7,000,000 shares of our common stock, generating net proceeds of approximately 103.2 million, after deducting transaction expenses. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth changes in cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 29,785 60,460 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 27,372 (12,110) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 57,157 48,350 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 193,173 (699,685) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (159,667) 627,174 Change in cash and cash equivalents 90,663 (24,161) 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash and cash equivalents increased (decreased) by 90.7 million and (24.2) million, respectively. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash provided by operating activities totaled 57.2 million and 48.4 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, adjustments to net income related to operating activities primarily included the provision for current expected credit losses of 46.1 million, accretion of discounts, deferred loan origination fees and costs of 10.3 million, amortization of deferred financing costs of 7.1 million, change in other assets of 17.7 million and gain on sale of real estate owned of 2.2 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, adjustments to net income related to operating activities primarily included the provision for current expected credit losses of 10 thousand, accretion of discounts, deferred loan origination fees and costs of 8.4 million, amortization of deferred financing costs of 9.9 million and change in other assets of 18.5 million. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash provided by (used in) investing activities totaled 193.2 million and (699.7) million, respectively. This change in net cash provided by investing activities was primarily as a result of the cash received from principal repayment of loans held for investment and from the sale of real estate owned 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 exceeding the cash used for the origination and funding of loans held for investment and purchases of available-for-sale debt securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities totaled 159.7 million and primarily related to repayments of our Secured Funding Agreements of 402.0 million, repayments of our Notes Payable of 51.1 million, repayments of debt of consolidated VIEs of 85.9 million and dividends paid of 71.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from our Secured Funding Agreements of 267.2 million, proceeds from our Notes Payable of 105.0 million and proceeds from the sale of our common stock of 106.3 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 627.2 million and primarily related to proceeds from our Secured Funding Agreements of 970.0 million, proceeds from our Secured Term Loan of 90.0 million, proceeds from the issuance of debt of consolidated VIEs of 540.5 million and proceeds from the sale of our common stock of 204.8 million, partially offset by repayments of our Secured Funding Agreements of 885.5 million, repayments of our Notes Payable of 27.9 million, repayments of our Secured Term Loan of 50.0 million, repayments of our secured borrowings of 37.5 million, repayments of debt of consolidated VIEs of 121.2 million and dividends paid of 58.4 million. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 The comparison of our cash flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 located within Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Summary of Financing Agreements 
 
 The sources of financing, as applicable in a given period, under our Secured Funding Agreements, Notes Payable and the Secured Term Loan (collectively, the Financing Agreements are described in the following table in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total Commitment Outstanding Balance Interest Rate Maturity Date Total Commitment Outstanding Balance Interest Rate Maturity Date Secured Funding Agreements: Wells Fargo Facility 450,000 270,798 Base Rate (1) +1.50 to 3.75 
 December 15, 2025 (2) 450,000 399,528 LIBOR+1.50 to 2.75 December 14, 2022 (2) Citibank Facility 325,000 236,240 Base Rate (1) +1.50 to 2.10 
 January 13, 2025 (3) 325,000 192,970 LIBOR+1.50 to 2.25 January 13, 2022 (3) CNB Facility 75,000 SOFR+2.65 March 10, 2023 (4) 75,000 SOFR+2.65 March 10, 2022 (4) MetLife Facility 180,000 Base Rate (1) +2.10 to 2.50 
 August 13, 2023 (5) 180,000 20,648 LIBOR+2.10 to 2.50 August 13, 2022 (5) Morgan Stanley Facility 250,000 198,193 Base Rate (1) +1.50 to 3.00 
 January 16, 2024 (6) 250,000 226,901 LIBOR+1.50 to 3.00 January 16, 2023 (6) Subtotal 1,280,000 705,231 1,280,000 840,047 Notes Payable 105,000 105,000 SOFR+2.00 July 28, 2025 (7) 51,755 51,110 LIBOR+3.00 to 3.75 (7) Secured Term Loan 150,000 150,000 4.50 November 12, 2026 (8) 150,000 150,000 4.50 November 12, 2026 (8) Total 1,535,000 960,231 1,481,755 1,041,157 
 _____________________________ 
 
 (1) The base rate is LIBOR for loans pledged prior to December 31, 2021 and SOFR for loans pledged subsequent to December 31, 2021. 
 (2) The maturity date of the master repurchase funding facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the Wells Fargo Facility is subject to two 12-month extensions at our option provided that certain conditions are met and applicable extension fees are paid. In December 2022, we amended the Wells Fargo Facility to, among other things, (1) extend the funding period to December 15, 2025, (2) extend the initial maturity date to December 15, 2025 and (3) modify the interest rate on advances under the Wells Fargo Facility to a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR or SOFR, as applicable, plus a pricing margin range of 1.50 to 3.75 , subject to certain exceptions. The maximum commitment may be increased to up to 500.0 million at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an upsize fee. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 (3) In January 2022, we amended the Citibank Facility to, among other things, extend the initial maturity date and funding availability period to January 13, 2025, subject to two 12-month extensions, each of which may be exercised at our option provided that certain conditions are met and applicable extension fees are paid. 
 (4) In March 2022, we exercised a 12-month extension option on the secured revolving funding facility with City National Bank (the "CNB Facility"). 
 (5) In July 2022, we exercised a 12-month extension option on the revolving master repurchase facility with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (the MetLife Facility ). The MetLife Facility is subject to one 12-month extension, which may be exercised at our option provided that certain conditions are met and applicable extension fees are paid. 
 (6) In December 2022, we exercised a 12-month extension option on the master repurchase and securities contract with Morgan Stanley (the Morgan Stanley Facility ). The Morgan Stanley Facility is subject to one 12-month extension, which may be exercised at our option provided that certain conditions are met and applicable extension fees are paid. 
 (7) A wholly owned subsidiary of ours is party to a Credit and Security Agreement with the lender referred to therein, which provides for a 105.0 million note (the "Notes Payable"). The 105.0 million note is subject to two 12-month extensions at our option provided that certain conditions are met and applicable extension fees are paid. A consolidated subsidiary of ours was party to a 23.5 million note agreement with the lender referred to therein. In June 2022, the 23.5 million note was repaid in full and not extended. The outstanding principal on the note at the time of repayment was 22.8 million. In March 2022, the 28.3 million note, which was secured by a hotel property located in New York that was recognized as real estate owned in our consolidated balance sheets, was repaid in full and not extended. The outstanding principal on the note at the time of repayment was 28.3 million. 
 (8) The maturity date of the Credit and Guaranty Agreement with the lenders referred to therein and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders (the "Secured Term Loan") is November 12, 2026 and the interest rate on advances under the Secured Term Loan are the following fixed rates: (i) 4.50 per annum until May 12, 2025, (ii) after May 12, 2025 through November 12, 2025, the interest rate increases 0.125 every three months and (iii) after November 12, 2025 through November 12, 2026, the interest rate increases 0.250 every three months. 
 
 Our Financing Agreements contain various affirmative and negative covenants, including negative pledges, and provisions related to events of default that are normal and customary for similar financing agreements. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants of each respective Financing Agreement. We may be required to fund commitments on our loans held for investment in the future and we may not receive funding from our Secured Funding Agreements with respect to these commitments. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for more information on our Financing Agreements. 
 
 Securitizations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount and outstanding principal of our CLO Securitizations was 777.7 million and 779.0 million, respectively. See Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional terms and details of our CLO Securitizations. 
 
 Leverage Policies 
 
 We intend to use prudent amounts of leverage to increase potential returns to our stockholders. To that end, subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act, we intend to continue to use borrowings to fund the origination or acquisition of our target investments. Given current market conditions and our focus on first or senior mortgages, we currently expect that such leverage would not exceed, on a debt-to-equity basis, a 4.5-to-1 ratio. Our charter and bylaws do not restrict the amount of leverage that we may use. The amount of leverage we will deploy for particular investments in our target investments will depend upon our Manager s assessment of a variety of factors, which may include, among others, our liquidity position, the anticipated liquidity and price volatility of the assets in our loans held for investment portfolio, the potential for losses and extension risk in our portfolio, the gap between the duration of our assets and liabilities, including hedges, the availability and cost of financing the assets, our opinion of the creditworthiness of our financing counterparties, the impact of the macroeconomic environment on the United States economy generally or in specific geographic regions and commercial mortgage markets, our outlook for the level and volatility of interest rates, the slope of the yield curve, the credit quality of our assets, the collateral underlying our assets, and our outlook for asset spreads relative to the LIBOR or SOFR curve or another alternative interest index rate commonly used for floating rate loans. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS 
 
 Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 are described in the following table in thousands): 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Total Less than 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years More than 5 years Wells Fargo Facility 270,798 270,798 Citibank Facility 236,240 236,240 CNB Facility MetLife Facility Morgan Stanley Facility 198,193 198,193 Notes Payable 105,000 105,000 Secured Term Loan 150,000 150,000 Future Loan Funding Commitments 227,487 36,279 169,543 21,665 Total 1,187,718 36,279 979,774 171,665 
 
 The table above does not include the related interest expense under the Secured Funding Agreements, Notes Payable and the Secured Term Loan, as all our interest is variable. Additionally, the table above does not include extension options, as applicable, under the Secured Funding Agreements, Notes Payable and the Secured Term Loan. 
 
 We may enter into certain contracts that may contain a variety of indemnification obligations, principally with underwriters and counterparties to repurchase agreements. The maximum potential future payment amount we could be required to pay under these indemnification obligations may be unlimited. 
 
 Other than as set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, we do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured investment vehicles, special purpose entities or variable interest entities, established to facilitate off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities or entered into any commitment or intend to provide additional funding to any such entities. 
 
 Management Agreement 
 
 We are also required to pay our Manager a base management fee of 1.5 of our stockholders' equity per year, an incentive fee and expense reimbursements pursuant to our Management Agreement. The table above does not include the amounts payable to our Manager under our Management Agreement as they are not fixed and determinable. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional terms and details of the fees payable under our Management Agreement. 

Dividends 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for United States federal income tax purposes and, as such, anticipate annually distributing to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, prior to the deduction for dividends paid. If we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income in any tax year (taking into account any distributions made in a subsequent tax year under Sections 857(b)(9) or 858 of the Code), we will pay tax at regular corporate rates on that undistributed portion. Furthermore, if we distribute less than the sum of 1) 85 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, 2) 95 of our capital gain net income for the calendar year and 3) any undistributed shortfall from our prior calendar year (the Required Distribution to our stockholders during any calendar year (including any distributions declared by the last day of the calendar year but paid in the subsequent year), then we are required to pay non-deductible excise tax equal to 4 of any shortfall between the Required Distribution and the amount that was actually distributed. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. The 90 distribution requirement does not require the distribution of net capital gains. However, if we elect to retain any of our net capital gain for any tax year, we must notify our stockholders and pay tax at regular corporate rates on the retained net capital gain. The stockholders must include their proportionate share of the retained net capital gain in their taxable income for the tax year, and they are deemed to have paid the REIT s tax on their proportionate share of the retained capital gain. Furthermore, such retained capital gain may be subject to the nondeductible 4 excise tax. If we determine that our estimated current year taxable income (including net capital gain) will be in excess of estimated dividend distributions (including capital gains dividends) for the current year from such income, we accrue excise tax on a portion of the estimated excess taxable income as such taxable income is earned. 
 
 Before we make any distributions, whether for United States federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating and debt service requirements under on our Financing Agreements and other debt payable. If our cash available for distribution is less than our REIT taxable income, we could be required to sell assets or borrow funds to make cash 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 distributions or we may elect to make a portion of the Required Distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 As part of our risk management strategy, our Manager closely monitors our portfolio and actively manages the credit, interest rate, market, prepayment, financing, real estate and inflation risks associated with holding a portfolio of our target investments. We manage our portfolio through an interactive process with our Manager and Ares Management. Our Manager has an Investment Committee that oversees compliance with our investment strategy and guidelines, loans held for investment portfolio holdings and financing strategy. We seek to manage our risks related to the credit quality of our assets, interest rates, liquidity, prepayment speeds and market value while, at the same time, seeking to provide an opportunity to stockholders to realize attractive risk-adjusted returns through ownership of our capital stock. While we do not seek to avoid risk completely, we believe the risks can be quantified from historical experience and seek to actively manage those risks, to earn sufficient compensation to justify taking those risks and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in connection with holding our target investments. We have exposure to credit risk on our CRE loans held for investment and available-for-sale debt securities. Our Manager seeks to manage credit risk by performing our due diligence process prior to origination or acquisition and through the use of non-recourse financing, when and where available and appropriate. Credit risk is also addressed through our Manager s ongoing review of our loans held for investment portfolio. In addition, with respect to any particular target investment, our Manager s investment team evaluates, among other things, relative valuation, comparable analysis, supply and demand trends, shape of yield curves, delinquency and default rates, recovery of various sectors and vintage of collateral. 
 
 In the current macroeconomic environment, prepayments may slow down, borrowers may not be able to repay principal upon the loan maturity or qualify for loan extensions. Additionally, if tenants are not able to pay rent to their landlords, property owners may not be able to make payments to their lenders. We have been in regular dialogue with our borrowers and our financing providers to assess this credit risk. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for a more detailed description of the potential impacts of macroeconomic conditions on our loan investments. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including fiscal and monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political considerations, as well as other factors beyond our control. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our assets and our related financing obligations, including our borrowings under the Financing Agreements. We primarily originate or acquire floating rate mortgage assets and finance those assets with index-matched floating rate liabilities. As a result, we significantly reduce our exposure to changes in portfolio value and cash flow variability related to changes in interest rates. However, we regularly measure our exposure to interest rate risk and assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on that review, we determine whether or not we should enter into hedging transactions and derivative financial instruments, such as forward sale commitments and interest rate floors in order to mitigate our exposure to changes in interest rates. 
 
 While hedging activities may mitigate our exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates, certain hedging transactions that we have entered into or may enter into in the future, such as interest rate swap agreements, may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our investments. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively hedge our interest rate risk. 
 
 In addition to the risks discussed above, there is also the risk of non-performance on floating rate assets. In the case of a significant increase in interest rates, the additional debt service payments due from our borrowers may strain the operating cash flows of the real estate assets underlying our mortgages and, potentially, contribute to non-performance or, in severe cases, default, which may be mitigated by borrower purchased interest rate caps. 
 
 Interest Rate Effect on Net Income 
 
 Our interest income and expense will generally change directionally with index rates. The impact of declining interest rates may be mitigated by interest rate floors and the impact of rising or declining interest rates may be mitigated by certain 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 hedging transactions that we have entered into or may enter into in the future. The following table estimates the hypothetical increases/(decreases) in net income for a twelve month period, assuming (1) an immediate increase or decrease in 30-day LIBOR or SOFR as of December 31, 2022, (2) no change in the outstanding principal balance of our loans held for investment portfolio and borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and (3) no changes in the notional amount of the interest rate swap agreement entered into as of December 31, 2022 in millions): 
 Change in 30-Day LIBOR or SOFR Increase/(Decrease) in Net Income Up 100 basis points 10.1 Up 50 basis points 5.0 LIBOR or SOFR at 0 basis points (26.3) 
 
 The severity of any such impact depends on our asset/liability composition at the time as well as the magnitude and duration of the interest rate increase and any applicable floors or hedging transactions. If any of these events happen, we could experience a decrease in net income or incur a net loss during these periods, which could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Interest Rate Floor Risk 
 
 We primarily originate or acquire floating rate mortgage and mortgage-related assets. Some of these mortgage assets may be subject to interest rate floors. Similarly, some of our borrowing costs may be subject to interest rate floors. In a period of decreasing interest rates, the interest rate yields on our floating rate mortgage assets could decrease, while the interest rate costs on certain of our borrowings could be fixed at a higher floor. These factors could lower our net interest income or cause a net loss during periods of decreasing interest rates, which would harm our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 The estimated fair values of our investments fluctuate primarily due to changes in index rates, changes in credit spreads and other factors. In general, in a rising interest rate environment, whether due to increases in index rates or credit spreads, the estimated fair value of our fixed-rate investments would generally be expected to decrease; conversely, in a decreasing interest rate environment, whether due to decreases in index rates or credit spreads, the estimated fair value of our fixed-rate investments would generally be expected to increase. Also, in general, in a widening credit spread environment, the estimated fair value of our floating rate investments would generally be expected to decrease. However, in a compressing credit spread environment, the estimated fair value of our floating rate investments may not increase, particularly if prepayment restrictions are not in place and our floating rate investments are fully prepayable. As market volatility increases or liquidity decreases, the fair value of our investments and liabilities may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Prepayment and Securitizations Repayment Risk 
 
 Our net income and earnings may be affected by prepayment rates on our existing CRE loans. When we originate our CRE loans, we anticipate that we will generate an expected yield. When borrowers prepay their CRE loans faster than we expect, we may be unable to replace these CRE loans with new CRE loans that will generate yields which are as high as the prepaid CRE loans. If prepayment rates decrease in a rising interest rate environment, borrowers exercise extension options on CRE loans or we extend the term of CRE loans, the life of the loans could extend beyond the term of the Financing Agreements that we borrow on to fund our CRE loans. This could have a negative impact on our results of operations. In some situations, we may be forced to fund additional cash collateral in connection with the Financing Agreements or sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur losses. Additionally, principal repayment proceeds from mortgage loans in the CLO Securitizations are applied sequentially, first used to pay down the senior notes in the CLO Securitizations. We will not receive any proceeds from the repayment of loans in the CLO Securitizations until all senior notes are repaid in full. 
 
 Financing Risk 
 
 We borrow funds under our Financing Agreements to finance our target assets. Our Secured Funding Agreements contain margin call provisions following the occurrence of certain mortgage loan credit events. If we are unable to make the required payment or if we fail to meet or satisfy any of the covenants in our Financing Agreements, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral, including cash to satisfy margin calls, and enforce their interests against existing collateral. We are also subject to cross-default and acceleration rights with respect to our Financing 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Agreements. In addition, our CLO Securitizations contain certain senior note overcollateralization ratio tests. To the extent we fail to meet these tests, amounts that would otherwise be used to make payments on the subordinate securities that we hold will be used to repay principal on the more senior securities to the extent necessary to satisfy any senior note overcollateralization ratio and we may incur significant losses. Our sources of liquidity may be impacted to the extent we do not receive cash payments that we would otherwise expect to receive from the CLO Securitizations if these tests were met. Weakness or volatility in the financial markets, the commercial real estate and mortgage markets and the economy generally could adversely affect one or more of our potential lenders and could cause one or more of our potential lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or to increase the costs of that financing. 
 
 Real Estate Risk 
 
 Our real estate investments are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; local markets with a significant exposure to the energy sector; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. Rising interest rates and record-high inflation coupled with the COVID-19 pandemic has, and continues to have, an adverse impact on industries whose properties serve as collateral for some of our portfolio investments. For example, increased demand for work-from-home arrangements, resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, may adversely impact the operations of office properties. Decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loan or loans, as the case may be, which could also cause us to suffer losses. We seek to manage these risks through our underwriting and asset management processes. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are sensitive to interest rates. As a result, interest rates and other factors influence our performance far more so than does inflation. Changes in interest rates do not necessarily correlate with inflation rates or changes in inflation rates but adverse changes in inflation or changes in inflation expectations can lead to lower returns on our investments than originally anticipated. Current record levels of inflation could exacerbate this possibility. In each case, in general, our activities and balance sheet are measured with reference to historical cost and/or fair market value without considering inflation. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting which is set forth under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on page F-2. 
 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act 
 
 Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 ITRA and Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, require an issuer to disclose in its annual and quarterly reports whether it or any of its affiliates have knowingly engaged in specified activities or transactions relating to Iran. We are required to include certain disclosures in our periodic reports if we or any of our affiliates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) knowingly engaged in certain specified activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities targeted by United States' economic sanctions during the period covered by the report. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Neither we nor any of our controlled affiliates or subsidiaries knowingly engaged in any of the specified activities relating to Iran or otherwise engaged in any activities associated with Iran during the reporting period. However, because the SEC defines the term affiliate broadly, it includes any person or entity that is under common control with us as well as any entity that controls us or is controlled by us. The description that follows has been provided to us by Ares Management. 
 
 On January 31, 2019, funds and accounts managed by Ares Management s European direct lending strategy (together, the Ares funds collectively acquired a 32 equity stake in Daisy Group Limited Daisy ). Daisy is a provider of communication services to businesses based in the United Kingdom. The Ares funds do not hold a majority equity interest in Daisy and do not have the right to appoint a majority of directors to Daisy s board of directors. 
 
 Subsequent to completion of the Ares funds investment in Daisy, in connection with Ares Management s routine quarterly survey of its investment funds portfolio companies, Daisy informed the Ares funds that it has a customer contract with Melli Bank Plc, which has been designated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the U.S. Department of Treasury pursuant to Executive Order 13224. Daisy generated a total of 41,546 in annual revenues (less than 0.01 of Daisy s annual revenues) from its dealings with Melli Bank Plc and de minimis net profits. Daisy entered into the customer contract with Melli Bank Plc prior to the Ares funds investment in Daisy. 
 
 Daisy terminated its contract with Melli Bank Plc on February 26, 2022. Following termination of the contract, Daisy has not engaged, and does not intend to engage, in any further dealings or transactions with Melli Bank Plc. 
 
 Adoption of Second Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 On February 15, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted and approved, effective immediately, amended and restated bylaws (the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws ). Among other things, the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws update certain procedural requirements for the submission of stockholder nominees as a result of the effectiveness of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, including: 
 
 requiring that any stockholder submitting a nomination make a representation that such stockholder intends, or is part of a group which intends, to solicit holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of the Company s capital stock in support of the proposed nominee; 
 
 updating certain of the certifications to be made by a stockholder submitting a nomination; 
 
 requiring that any stockholder submitting a nomination provide the Company with reasonable documentary evidence five business days prior to the meeting to demonstrate that such stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act; and 
 
 limiting the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a meeting of stockholders to the number of directors to be elected at such meeting. 
 
 The Second Amended and Restated Bylaws also include certain other administrative, ministerial and conforming changes. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws is only a summary of the changes to the Company s amended and restated bylaws and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this annual report on Form 10-K and by this reference incorporated herein. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 
 
 On April 23, 2012, we adopted an equity incentive plan, which was amended and restated in June 2018 (as further amended, the Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan ). In February 2022, our board of directors authorized, and in May 2022, our stockholders approved, the first amendment to the Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, which among other things, increased the total number of shares of common stock we may grant thereunder to 2,490,000 shares. Pursuant to our Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, we may grant awards consisting of restricted shares of our common stock, restricted stock units and/or other equity-based awards to our directors, our Manager and its personnel and other eligible awardees under the plan. As of December 31, 2022, 64 of the shares reserved under our Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, or a total of 1,588,940 restricted shares of our common stock, restricted stock units and/or other equity-based awards, had been granted and 36 of the shares reserved, or 901,060 shares remained available for future issuance under our Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. Aside from our Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, we have no other compensation plans or arrangements under which our securities may be issued (whether or not approved by our stockholders). For further discussion of our Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The following table presents certain information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column of this table)(1) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 901,060 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 901,060 
 ____________________________ 
 
 (1) The securities shown in this column may be issued as restricted stock, restricted stock units and/or other equity-based awards to eligible awardees under our Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 See Note 10 included in these consolidated financial statements for our schedule of non-vested share and share equivalents. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

All other information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on Page F-1. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules None. We have omitted financial statement schedules because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3. Exhibits. 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation.(1) 3.2 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation.(2) 4.1 
 Description of Securities.(3) 10.1 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2019, by and among Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, and JMP Securities LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., as Placement Agents.(4) 10.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 25, 2012, between Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation and Ares Investments Holdings LLC.(5) 10.3 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated April 25, 2012, between Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation and Ares Management LLC.(5) 10.4 
 Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan.(6)# 10.5 
 First Amendment to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan.(7)# 10.6 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement.(8)# 10.7 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement with officers.(6)# 10.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. (9)# 10.9 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with directors and certain officers.(5)# 10.10 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with members of the Investment Committee and/or Underwriting Committee of Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC.(5)# 10.11 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.(10) 10.12 
 Amendment Number One to Credit Agreement and Consent, dated as of July 30, 2014, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.(11) 10.13 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated as of July 29, 2016, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.(12) 10.14 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of February 26, 2016, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.(13) 10.15 
 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to General Continuing Guaranty dated as of December 27, 2016, by and among, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as Guarantor and City National Bank, a national banking association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.(14) 10.16 
 Reaffirmation and Consent to Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to General Continuing Guaranty dated as of December 27, 2016, by and among, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as Guarantor and City National Bank, a national banking association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.(14) 10.17 
 Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 2, 2017, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as Guarantor and City National Bank, a national banking association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.(15) 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 10.18 
 Amendment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement dated as of April 19, 2017, by and among, the several banks and other financial institutions and lenders from time to time party hereto, each individually as a lender and, collectively, as the lenders, and City National Bank, as administrative agent to the lenders, and ACRC Lender LLC, as the borrower.(16) 10.19 
 Amendment No. 7 to the Credit Agreement dated as of June 5, 2019, by and among, ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.(17) 10.20 
 Amendment Number Eight to Credit Agreement and Amendment to General Continuing Guaranty, dated as of November 12, 2021, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent, the lenders party thereto, and Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor.(18) 10.21 
 General Continuing Guaranty, dated as of March 12, 2014, by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, in favor of City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent.(10) 10.22 
 Security Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, in favor of City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent.(10) 10.23 
 Intercompany Subordination Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and among ACRC Lender LLC, as borrower, and Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, in favor of City National Bank, a national banking association, as arranger and administrative agent.(10) 10.24 
 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2014, between ACRC Lender ML LLC, as seller, and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, as buyer.(19) 10.25 
 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, by and between ACRC Lender ML LLC, as seller, and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, as buyer.(20) 10.26 
 Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated August 4, 2020, by and between ACRC Lender ML LLC, as seller, and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, as buyer.(21) 10.27 
 Guaranty, dated as of August 13, 2014, by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation in favor of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.(19) 10.28 
 Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of September 22, 2016, by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, as buyer.(22) 10.29 
 Reaffirmation of Guarantor, dated as of August 4, 2017, by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation in favor of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.(20) 10.30 
 Reaffirmation of Guarantor dated August 4, 2020, by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation in favor of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.(23) 10.31 
 Second Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of February 10, 2022 by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, as buyer.(24) 10.32 
 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2014, by and between ACRC Lender C LLC, as seller, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer.(25) 10.33 
 Omnibus Amendment To Other Transaction Documents and Reaffirmation of Guaranty, dated as of December 8, 2014, by and among ACRC Lender C LLC, ACRC Lender LLC, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation and Citibank, N.A.(25) 10.34 
 Second Amended and Restated Substitute Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2018, by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation in favor of Citibank, N.A.(26) 10.35 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Substitute Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2019, by and among Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as Guarantor, Citibank, N.A., as Buyer, and ACRC Lender C LLC, as Seller.(27) 10.36 
 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Substitute Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2022, by and among Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, Citibank, N.A., as buyer and ACRC Lender C LLC, as seller.(28) 10.37 
 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement and Guaranty dated as of July 13, 2016, among ACRC Lender C LLC, as borrower, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., as lender.(12) 10.38 
 Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement and Guaranty dated as of July 13, 2016, among ACRC Lender C LLC, as borrower, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., as lender.(29) 10.39 
 Amended and Restated Fourth Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of December 13, 2018, among ACRC Lender C LLC, as seller, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer.(26) 10.40 
 Fifth Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2021, by and among, ACRC Lender C LLC, as seller, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer.(30) 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 10.41 
 Sixth Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2022, by and among, ACRC Lender C LLC, as seller, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., as buyer.(31) 10.42 
 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2015 by and among Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as borrower and ACRC Holdings LLC, ACRC Mezz Holdings LLC, ACRC CP Investor LLC and ACRC Warehouse Holdings LLC, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, Highbridge Principal Strategies, LLC, as administrative agent and DBD Credit Funding LLC, as collateral agent.(32) 10.43 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2015 among Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, ACRC Holdings LLC, ACRC Mezz Holdings LLC, ACRC CP Investor LLC, ACRC Warehouse Holdings LLC and ACRC Lender and DBD Credit Funding LLC, as collateral agent for the lenders.(32) 10.44 
 Negative Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2015 by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, ACRC KA JV Investor LLC, ACRC Lender LLC, ACRC Champions Investor LLC and ACRE Capital Holdings LLC in favor of DBD Credit Funding LLC, as collateral agent for the lenders.(32) 10.45 
 First Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of December 22, 2017 and is entered into by and among, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as grantor trust trustee, as lender, Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent for the lenders, and Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as borrower and ACRC Holdings LLC, ACRC Mezz Holdings LLC, ACRC CP Investor LLC and ACRC Warehouse Holdings LLC, as guarantors.(33) 10.46 
 Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2021, by and among, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as grantor trust trustee, as lender, Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent for the lenders, and Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as borrower, and ACRC Holdings LLC, ACRC Mezz Holdings LLC and ACRC Warehouse Holdings LLC, as guarantors.(34) 10.47 
 Reaffirmation Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2021, by and among, Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as the collateral agent for the lenders, and Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as borrower ACRC Holdings LLC, ACRC Mezz Holdings LLC and ACRC Warehouse Holdings LLC, as guarantors.(35) 10.48 
 Indenture dated as of March 2, 2017 among ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 Ltd, as issuer, ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 LLC as co-issuer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as note administrator, paying agent, calculation agent, transfer agent, authentication agent and custodian, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as advancing agent.(15) 10.49 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 16, 2017, to the Indenture, dated as of March 2, 2017 among ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 Ltd, as issuer, ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 LLC as co-issuer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as note administrator, paying agent, calculation agent, transfer agent, authentication agent and custodian, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as advancing agent.(36) 10.50 
 Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of January 11, 2019 among ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 Ltd., as issuer, ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 LLC, as co-issuer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as advancing agent and note administrator.(37) 10.51 
 First Supplement to Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of April 13, 2021, by and among ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 Ltd., as issuer, ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 LLC, as co-issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as advancing agent and note administrator, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee.(38) 10.52 
 Mortgage Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of March 2, 2017 between ACRC Lender LLC, as seller and ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 Ltd., as issuer.(15) 10.53 
 Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract dated as of May 1, 2017, by and among, ACRC Lender W LLC, as existing seller, ACRC Lender W TRS LLC, as new seller, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as buyer.(16) 10.54 
 Reaffirmation Agreement dated as of May 1, 2017, by Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association.(16) 10.55 
 Amendment Number One to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract dated as of December 14, 2018, by and among, ACRC Lender W LLC, as seller, ACRC Lender W TRS LLC, as seller, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as buyer.(39) 10.56 
 Amendment Number Two to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract dated as of December 11, 2020, by and among, ACRC Lender W LLC, as seller, ACRC Lender W TRS LLC, as seller, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as buyer.(40) 10.57 
 Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of February 10, 2022, by and among ACRC Lender W LLC, as ACRC Seller, ACRC Lender W TRS LLC, as TRS Seller and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as buyer.(41) 10.58 
 Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of December 14, 2022, by and among, ACRC Lender W LLC, as seller, ACRC Lender W TRS LLC, as seller, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as buyer.(42) 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 10.59 
 Mortgage Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of January 11, 2019, between ACRC Lender LLC, as seller and ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 Ltd., as issuer.(37) 10.60 
 Ninety Day Extension of Warehouse Period for Warehouse Advance for Mortgage Loan for Crowntree Lakes, Orlando, FL, dated as of September 5, 2019, by and among ACRC Lender B LLC, as Borrower, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as Guarantor, and Bank of America, N.A., as Lender.(27) 10.61 
 Ninety Day Extension of Warehouse Period for Warehouse Advance for Mortgage Loan for Crowntree Lakes, Orlando, FL, dated as of December 4, 2019, by and among ACRC Lender B LLC, as Borrower, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as Guarantor, and Bank of America, N.A., as Lender.(43) 10.62 
 Ninety Day Extension of Warehouse Period for Warehouse Advance for Mortgage Loan for Crowntree Lakes, Orlando, FL, effective as of February 3, 2020, by and among ACRC Lender B LLC, as Borrower, Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as Guarantor, and Bank of America, N.A., as Lender.(44) 10.63 
 Indenture dated as of January 28, 2021, among ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 Ltd, as issuer, ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 LLC, as co-issuer, ACRC Lender LLC, as advancing agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as note administrator.(45) 10.64 
 Mortgage Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021, between ACRC Lender LLC, as seller, and ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 Ltd., as issuer, and agreed and acknowledged by ACRC 2017-FL3 Holder REIT LLC.(46) 10.65 
 Amendment to Parent Guaranty and Indemnity, dated as of February 10, 2022, by and among Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as buyer, ACRC Lender MS LLC, as seller, and Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor.(47) 10.66 
 Second Amended and Restated Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2022 by and among Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as buyer.(48) 10.67 
 Second Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2022, by and between ACRC Lender MS LLC, as seller, and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as buyer.(49) 10.68 
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2022, between Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC and Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation.(50) 10.69 
 Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2022, by and among Capital One, National Association, as administrative agent and a lender, and ACRC Lender Co LLC, as borrower.(51) 
 10.70 
 Guaranty of Recourse Obligations, dated as of July 28, 2022, by and among Capital One, National Association, as administrative agent, and Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation, as guarantor.(52) 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) and Rule 15d 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) and Rule 15d 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Previously filed # Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on March 1, 2016. (2) Effective February 15, 2023. (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 10-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on February 20, 2020. (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on November 22, 2019. (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 001 35517), filed on May 4, 2012. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.3, as applicable, to the Company s Form S-8 (File No. 333-225891), filed on June 26, 2018. (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (File No. 001-35517), filed on April 7, 2022 (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Amendment No. 3 to Form S 1/A (File No. 333 176841), filed on April 12, 2012. (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on January 2, 2020. (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 001 35517), filed on March 14, 2014. (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 001 35517), filed on July 31, 2014. (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.4, 10.6, 10.8 and 10.9, as applicable, to the Company s Form 10 Q (File No. 001 35517), filed on August 4, 2016. (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company s Form 10 K (File No. 001 35517), filed on March 1, 2016. (14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.42 and 10.43, as applicable, to the Company s Form 10 K (File No. 001 35517), filed on March 1, 2018. (15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, as applicable, to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on May 2, 2017. (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, as applicable, to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on August 3, 2017. (17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on June 7, 2019. (18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on November 15, 2021. (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on August 18, 2014. (20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on August 9, 2017. (21) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on October 29, 2020. (22) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on November 3, 2016. (23) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on October 29, 2020. (24) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on February 15, 2022. (25) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on December 12, 2014. (26) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on December 14, 2018. (27) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on November 8, 2019. (28) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on February 15, 2022. (29) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on July 19, 2016. (30) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on December 1, 2021. (31) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on January 13, 2022. (32) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on December 14, 2015. (33) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on December 29, 2017. (34) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on November 15, 2021. (35) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on November 15, 2021. (36) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on November 1, 2017. (37) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on May 1, 2019. (38) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on April 19, 2021. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 (39) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on December 20, 2018. (40) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on December 14, 2020. (41) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on February 15, 2022. (42) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on December 19, 2022. (43) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on February 20, 2020. (44) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on May 8, 2020. (45) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on January 28, 2021. (46) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on January 28, 2021. (47) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on February 15, 2022. (48) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-35517), filed on February 15, 2022. (49) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on May 3, 2022. (50) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on July 29, 2022. (51) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on July 29, 2022. (52) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35517), filed on July 29, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Compreh ens ive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 14, 2023 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Current expected credit losses 
 
 Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s loan portfolio was 2.3 billion, the current expected credit loss reserve CECL or the CECL Reserve related to the outstanding loan balance was 66.0 million and the current expected credit loss reserve for unfunded loan commitments was 5.3 million, resulting in a total current expected credit loss reserve of 71.3 million. As explained in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates its CECL Reserve primarily using a probability-weighted model that considers the likelihood of default and expected loss given default for an individual loan. The Company may also consider loan-specific qualitative factors on certain loans to estimate its CECL Reserve. 
 
 Auditing the CECL Reserve is highly subjective due to the judgmental nature of the model and the underlying assumptions required to estimate expected credit losses as of the balance sheet date. For example, estimating the CECL Reserve required significant judgment with respect to various factors, including (i) the appropriate historical loan loss reference data, (ii) the expected timing of loan repayments, (iii) calibration of the likelihood of default to reflect the risk characteristics of the Company s floating-rate loan portfolio and (iv) the Company s current and future view of the macroeconomic environment. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls related to the measurement of the CECL Reserve. This included management s review controls over the assessment of the CECL methodology, the factors noted above and the review and approval process over the final determination of the CECL Reserve. 
 To test management s estimate of the CECL Reserve, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the methodology and the significant factors noted above as well as testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used. With the assistance of our valuation specialists and other professionals, we evaluated the Company s expected credit loss methodology and the incorporation of the factors noted above within the model. We also performed sensitivity analyses, compared management s expectations to information from external sources and reviewed subsequent events and transactions to evaluate whether they corroborated the Company s estimates of the CECL Reserve. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

February 14, 2023 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 As of December 31, 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Loans held for investment and related to consolidated VIEs, respectively) 
 Current expected credit loss reserve ) ) Loans held for investment, net of current expected credit loss reserve Real estate owned held for sale, net Investment in available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value Other assets and of interest receivable related to consolidated VIEs, respectively; and of other receivables related to consolidated VIEs, respectively) 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES Secured funding agreements Notes payable Secured term loan Collateralized loan obligation securitization debt (consolidated VIEs) Secured borrowings Due to affiliate Dividends payable Other liabilities and of interest payable related to consolidated VIEs, respectively) 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated earnings (deficit) ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Net interest margin Revenue from real estate owned Total revenue Expenses: Management and incentive fees to affiliate Professional fees General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses reimbursed to affiliate Expenses from real estate owned Total expenses Provision for current expected credit losses Realized losses on loans sold Gain on sale of real estate owned Income before income taxes Income tax expense, including excise tax Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per common share: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income attributable to common stockholders Other comprehensive income: Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Earnings (Deficit) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 Sale of common stock Offering costs ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Net income Dividends declared ) ) Impact of adoption of CECL (Note 2) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Sale of common stock Offering costs ) ) Stock based compensation Other comprehensive income Net income Dividends declared ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Sale of common stock Offering costs ) ) Stock based compensation Other comprehensive income Net income Dividends declared ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Amortization of deferred financing costs Accretion of discounts, deferred loan origination fees and costs ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Depreciation of real estate owned Provision for current expected credit losses Realized losses on loans sold Amortization of derivative financial instruments ) Gain on sale of real estate owned ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other assets ) ) ) Due to affiliate Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities: Issuance of and fundings on loans held for investment ) ) ) Principal repayment of loans held for investment Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Receipt of origination fees Purchases of capitalized additions to real estate owned ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate owned Purchases of available-for-sale debt securities ) Amounts received (paid) under derivative financial instruments ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from secured funding agreements Repayments of secured funding agreements ) ) ) Proceeds from notes payable Repayments of notes payable ) ) Proceeds from secured term loan Repayments of secured term loan ) Proceeds from secured borrowings Repayments of secured borrowings ) ) Payment of secured funding costs ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt of consolidated VIEs Repayments of debt of consolidated VIEs ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of common stock Payment of offering costs ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental Information: Interest paid during the period Income taxes paid during the period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Dividends declared, but not yet paid Other receivables related to consolidated VIEs 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

1. 
 
 operating segment and is primarily focused on directly originating and managing a diversified portfolio of CRE debt-related investments for the Company s own account. The Company s target investments include senior mortgage loans, subordinated debt, preferred equity, mezzanine loans and other CRE investments, including commercial mortgage backed securities. These investments are generally held for investment and are secured, directly or indirectly, by office, multifamily, retail, industrial, lodging, self storage, student housing, residential, and other commercial real estate properties, or by ownership interests therein. 
 
 The Company has elected and qualified to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2012. The Company generally will not be subject to United States federal income taxes on its REIT taxable income as long as it annually distributes all of its REIT taxable income prior to the deduction for dividends paid to stockholders and complies with various other requirements as a REIT. 

2. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

years for buildings and improvements and up to years for furniture, fixtures and equipment. Renovations and/or replacements that improve or extend the life of the real estate asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The cost of ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Real estate assets are evaluated for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis. Factors that the Company may consider in its impairment analysis include, among others: (1) significant underperformance relative to historical or anticipated operating results; (2) significant negative industry or economic trends; (3) costs necessary to extend the life or improve the real 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

Notes payable (1) Securitization debt Secured term loan Secured borrowings Other (2) ) Interest expense ____________________________ 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 million note payable, which was secured by a hotel property that was recognized as real estate owned in the Company s consolidated balance sheets (see Note 6 included in these consolidated financial statements for additional information on the note payable). Interest expense on the million note payable is included within expenses from real estate owned in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 reserve for any uncertain income tax positions. ACRC W TRS, FL3 TRS and ACRC WM recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties, if any, are included within other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 
 loans held for investment, excluding loans that were repaid, sold or converted to real estate owned since inception. The aggregate originated commitment under these loans at closing was approximately billion and outstanding principal was billion as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company funded approximately million of outstanding principal and received repayments of million of outstanding principal as described in more detail in the tables below. As of December 31, 2022, of the Company s loans have LIBOR or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR floors, with a weighted average floor of , calculated based on loans with LIBOR or SOFR floors. References to LIBOR or L are to 30-day LIBOR and references to SOFR or S are to 30-day SOFR (unless otherwise specifically stated). 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 (2) (3) Subordinated debt and preferred equity investments (2) (3) Total loans held for investment portfolio (2) (3) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Carrying Amount (1) Outstanding Principal (1) Weighted Average Unleveraged Effective Yield Weighted Average Remaining Life (Years) Senior mortgage loans (2) (3) Subordinated debt and preferred equity investments (2) (3) Total loans held for investment portfolio (2) (3) 
 ______________________________ 
 
 (1) The difference between the Carrying Amount and the Outstanding Principal amount of the loans held for investment consists of unamortized purchase discount, deferred loan fees and loan origination costs. 
 (2) Unleveraged Effective Yield is the compounded effective rate of return that would be earned over the life of the investment based on the contractual interest rate (adjusted for any deferred loan fees, costs, premiums or discounts) and assumes no dispositions, early prepayments or defaults. The total Weighted Average Unleveraged Effective Yield is calculated based on the average of Unleveraged Effective Yield of all loans held by the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as weighted by the outstanding principal balance of each loan. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

 L+ Mar 2023 I/O Multifamily NY S+ Jun 2025 I/O Office Diversified S+ Jan 2024 (5) I/O Multifamily TX S+ Jul 2025 I/O Industrial IL L+ May 2024 I/O Mixed-use FL L+ Feb 2023 I/O Office AZ L+ Oct 2024 I/O Mixed-use NY L+ Jul 2024 I/O Residential Condominium FL L+ Jul 2023 I/O Residential Condominium NY S+ Oct 2023 (6) I/O Office NC L+ Mar 2023 (7) P/I (8) Office NY L+ Aug 2025 I/O Multifamily TX L+ Dec 2024 I/O Multifamily/Office SC L+ Nov 2024 I/O Office NC S+ Aug 2024 I/O Office IL S+ Jun 2023 (9) I/O Office IL S+ Jan 2025 I/O Office GA S+ Dec 2023 (10) I/O Hotel CA L+ Jan 2023 I/O Hotel CA S+ Mar 2025 I/O Mixed-use CA L+ Mar 2023 I/O Mixed-use TX S+ (11) Sep 2024 (11) I/O Hotel IL S+ (12) May 2024 (12) I/O Student Housing CA S+ Jul 2023 (13) I/O Hotel NY S+ Mar 2026 I/O Office CA L+ Mar 2023 (14) I/O Multifamily CA L+ Dec 2025 I/O Office IL L+ Jan 2023 I/O Multifamily PA S+ (15) Dec 2023 (15) I/O Industrial FL L+ Dec 2025 I/O Industrial CO (16) Feb 2023 I/O Office MA S+ Apr 2025 I/O Industrial NJ L+ May 2024 I/O Multifamily WA L+ Nov 2025 I/O Office CA S+ Nov 2023 I/O Multifamily TX L+ Oct 2024 I/O Industrial CA L+ Mar 2023 I/O Student Housing AL L+ May 2024 I/O Multifamily WA L+ Mar 2023 I/O Self Storage PA L+ Dec 2025 I/O Self Storage NJ S+ Apr 2025 I/O Residential CA (17) May 2021 (17) I/O Self Storage WA S+ Mar 2025 I/O Industrial TX L+ Dec 2024 I/O Industrial FL L+ Nov 2024 I/O Self Storage MA L+ Dec 2024 I/O Industrial PA L+ Sep 2024 I/O Self Storage TX L+ Aug 2024 I/O Self Storage MA L+ Nov 2024 I/O Industrial PA L+ Nov 2024 I/O Industrial TN L+ Nov 2024 I/O Self Storage MA L+ Oct 2024 I/O Self Storage MO L+ Dec 2023 I/O Self Storage NJ L+ Jul 2024 I/O Self Storage IL L+ Dec 2023 I/O Industrial FL S+ Mar 2025 I/O Self Storage TX L+ Sep 2024 I/O 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 L+ Sep 2024 I/O Subordinated Debt and Preferred Equity Investments: Multifamily SC S+ Sep 2025 I/O Office NJ Jan 2026 I/O Total/Weighted Average 
 _________________________ 
 
 (1) The difference between the Carrying Amount and the Outstanding Principal amount of the loans held for investment consists of unamortized purchase discount, deferred loan fees and loan origination costs. For the loans held for investment that represent co-investments with other investment vehicles managed by Ares Management (see Note 14 included in these consolidated financial statements for additional information on co-investments), only the portion of Carrying Amount and Outstanding Principal held by the Company is reflected. 
 (2) Unleveraged Effective Yield is the compounded effective rate of return that would be earned over the life of the investment based on the contractual interest rate (adjusted for any deferred loan fees, costs, premiums or discounts) and assumes no dispositions, early prepayments or defaults. Unleveraged Effective Yield for each loan is calculated based on LIBOR or SOFR as of December 31, 2022 or the LIBOR or SOFR floor, as applicable. The total Weighted Average Unleveraged Effective Yield is calculated based on the average of Unleveraged Effective Yield of all loans held by the Company as of December 31, 2022 as weighted by the outstanding principal balance of each loan. 
 (3) Certain loans are subject to contractual extension options that generally vary between and -month extensions and may be subject to performance based or other conditions as stipulated in the loan agreement. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities stated herein as certain borrowers may have the right to prepay with or without paying a prepayment penalty. The Company may also extend contractual maturities and amend other terms of the loans in connection with loan modifications. 
 (4) I/O = interest only, P/I = principal and interest. 
 (5) In December 2022, the borrower exercised a one-year extension option in accordance with the loan agreement, which extended the maturity date on the senior diversified loan to January 2024. 
 (6) This senior mortgage loan refinanced the previously existing million senior mortgage loan that was held by the Company. The senior New York loan is currently in default due to the failure of the borrower to reach certain construction milestones. 
 (7) In March 2022, the borrower exercised a extension option in accordance with the loan agreement, which extended the maturity date on the senior North Carolina loan to March 2023. 
 (8) In April 2022, amortization began on the senior North Carolina loan, which had an outstanding principal balance of 69.1 million as of December 31, 2022. The remainder of the loans in the Company s portfolio are non-amortizing through their primary terms. 
 (9) Loan was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 and the Unleveraged Effective Yield is not applicable. In May 2022, the Company and the borrower entered into a modification and extension agreement to, among other things, amend the interest rate from L + to S + and extend the maturity date on the senior Illinois loan from June 2022 to June 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received million of interest payments in cash on the senior Illinois loan that was recognized either as interest income or as a reduction to the carrying value of the loan and the borrower is current on all contractual interest payments. 
 (10) In October 2022, the borrower exercised a one-year extension option in accordance with the loan agreement, which extended the maturity date on the senior Georgia loan to December 2023. 
 (11) In September 2022, the Company and the borrower entered into a modification and extension agreement to, among other things, amend the interest rate from L + to S + and extend the maturity date on the senior Texas loan from September 2022 to September 2024. 
 (12) Loan was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 and the Unleveraged Effective Yield is not applicable. In March 2022, the Company and the borrower entered into a modification and extension agreement to, among other things, amend the interest rate from L + to S + and extend the maturity date on the senior Illinois loan from May 2022 to May 2024. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received million of interest payments in cash on the senior Illinois loan that was recognized either as interest income or as a reduction to the carrying value of the loan and the borrower is current on all contractual interest payments. However, the senior Illinois loan is currently in default due to the failure of the borrower to make certain contractual reserve deposits by the May 2022 due date. 
 (13) In May 2022, the borrower exercised a extension option in accordance with the loan agreement, which extended the maturity date on the senior California loan to July 2023. 
 (14) In November 2022, the Company and the borrower entered into a modification and extension agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date on the senior California loan from November 2022 to March 2023. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 to S + and extend the maturity date on the senior Pennsylvania loan from December 2022 to December 2023. 
 (16) At origination, the Colorado loan was structured as a senior loan and in January 2022, the Company also originated the mezzanine loan. The senior loan, which had an outstanding principal balance of million as of December 31, 2022, accrues interest at a per annum rate of L + and the mezzanine loan, which had an outstanding principal balance of million as of December 31, 2022, accrues interest at a per annum rate of S + . 
 (17) Loan was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 and the Unleveraged Effective Yield is not applicable. As of December 31, 2022, the senior California loan, which is collateralized by a residential property, is in maturity default due to the failure of the borrower to repay the outstanding principal balance of the loan by the May 2021 maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has elected to assign a specific CECL reserve on the senior California loan. See Note 4 included in these consolidated financial statements for more information. See Note 17 included in these consolidated financial statements for a subsequent event related to the senior California loan. 
 
 The Company has made, and may continue to make, modifications to loans, including loans that are in default. Loan terms that may be modified include interest rates, required prepayments, asset release prices, maturity dates, covenants, principal amounts and other loan terms. The terms and conditions of each modification vary based on individual circumstances and will be determined on a case by case basis. The Company s Manager monitors and evaluates each of the Company s loans held for investment and is maintaining regular communications with borrowers and sponsors regarding the potential impacts of current macroeconomic conditions on the Company s loans. 
 
 Initial funding Origination fees and discounts, net of costs ) Additional funding Amortizing payments ) Loan payoffs ) Origination fee and discount accretion Balance at December 31, 2021 Initial funding Origination fees and discounts, net of costs ) Additional funding Amortizing payments ) Loan payoffs ) Origination fee and discount accretion Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Except as described in the table above listing the Company s loans held for investment portfolio, as of December 31, 2022, all loans held for investment were paying in accordance with their contractual terms. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had loans held for investment on non-accrual status with a carrying value of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had loans held for investment on non-accrual status with a carrying value of million. 

4. 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

 million or basis points of the Company s total loans held for investment commitment balance of billion and is bifurcated between the CECL reserve (contra-asset) related to outstanding balances on loans held for investment of million and a liability for unfunded commitments of million. The liability was based on the unfunded portion of the loan commitment over the full contractual period over which the Company is exposed to credit risk through a current obligation to extend credit. Management considered the likelihood that funding will occur, and if funded, the expected credit loss on the funded portion. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the senior mortgage loan on a residential property located in California with a principal balance of million was downgraded to a risk rating of 5. As such, as of December 31, 2022, this loan was assessed individually and the Company has elected to assign a specific CECL reserve of million on the loan based on the Company s estimate of proceeds available from the anticipated sale of the collateral property less the estimated cost to sell the property. This specific CECL reserve is included in the Company's total CECL reserve. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve for Funded Loan Commitments 

Provision for current expected credit losses Write-offs Recoveries Balance at December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Provision for current expected credit losses Write-offs Recoveries Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 __________________________ 
 
 (1) The CECL Reserve related to outstanding balances on loans held for investment is recorded within current expected credit loss reserve in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments 
 
 Activity related to the CECL Reserve for unfunded commitments on the Company s loans held for investment as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows in thousands): 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for current expected credit losses ) Write-offs Recoveries Balance at December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Provision for current expected credit losses Write-offs Recoveries Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 __________________________ 
 
 (1) The CECL Reserve related to unfunded commitments on loans held for investment is recorded within other liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company continuously evaluates the credit quality of each loan by assessing the risk factors of each loan and assigning a risk rating based on a variety of factors. Risk factors include property type, geographic and local market dynamics, physical condition, leasing and tenant profile, projected cash flow, loan structure and exit plan, loan-to-value ratio, debt service coverage ratio, project sponsorship, and other factors deemed necessary. 

The risk ratings are primarily based on historical data as well as taking into account future economic conditions. 

2 3 4 5 Total 
 
 Accrued Interest Receivable 
 
 The Company elected not to measure a CECL Reserve on accrued interest receivable due to the Company s policy of writing off uncollectible accrued interest receivable balances in a timely manner. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest receivable of million and million, respectively, is included within other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets and is excluded from the carrying value of loans held for investment. If the Company were to have uncollectible accrued interest receivable, it generally would reverse accrued and unpaid interest against interest income and no longer accrue for these amounts. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 
 million senior mortgage loan held by the Company that was in maturity default due to the failure of the borrower to repay the outstanding principal balance of the loan by the December 2018 maturity date. In conjunction with the deed in lieu of foreclosure, the Company derecognized the million senior mortgage loan and recognized the hotel property as real estate owned. As of the date of the deed in lieu of foreclosure, the Company did not expect to complete a sale of the hotel property within the next twelve months and thus, the hotel property was considered held for use, and was carried at its estimated fair value at acquisition and was presented net of accumulated depreciation and impairment charges. The Company did not recognize any gain or loss on the derecognition of the senior mortgage loan as the fair value of the hotel property of million and the net assets held at the hotel property of million at acquisition approximated the million carrying value of the senior mortgage loan. 
 
 On November 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement to sell the hotel property to a third party for million and the sale closed on March 1, 2022. As such, as of December 31, 2021, the hotel property was classified as real estate owned held for sale in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. For the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized a million gain on the sale of the hotel property as the net carrying value of the hotel property as of the March 1, 2022 sale date was lower than the net sales proceeds received by the Company. The gain on the sale of the hotel property is included within gain on sale of real estate owned in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the assets and liabilities of the hotel property are included within other assets and other liabilities, respectively, in the Company s consolidated balance sheets and include items such as cash, restricted cash, trade receivables and payables and advance deposits. In connection with the sale of the hotel property, the Company provided a senior mortgage loan to the buyer of the hotel property. The initial advance funded under such loan was million, with up to another million of additional loan proceeds to be available for future advances to cover a portion of the anticipated property renovation plan costs, provided certain conditions are satisfied. At closing, the buyer contributed million of equity into the purchase. Additionally, the buyer is required to fund an additional million of equity associated with the anticipated property renovation plan costs. 
 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) Real estate owned, net 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did t incur depreciation expense. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred depreciation expense of thousand. Depreciation expense is included within expenses from real estate owned in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

6. 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

 (1) (1) Citibank Facility CNB Facility MetLife Facility Morgan Stanley Facility Subtotal Notes Payable Secured Term Loan Total 
 ______________________________ 
 
 (1) The maximum commitment for the Wells Fargo Facility (as defined below) may be increased to up to million at the Company s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an upsize fee. 
 
 Some of the Company s Financing Agreements are collateralized by (i) assignments of specific loans, preferred equity or a pool of loans held for investment or loans held for sale owned by the Company, (ii) interests in the subordinated portion of the Company s securitization debt, or (iii) interests in wholly-owned entity subsidiaries that hold the Company s loans held for investment. The Company is the borrower or guarantor under each of the Financing Agreements. Generally, the Company partially offsets interest rate risk by matching the interest index of loans held for investment with the Secured Funding Agreements used to fund them. The Company s Financing Agreements contain various affirmative and negative covenants, including negative pledges, and provisions regarding events of default that are normal and customary for similar financing arrangements. 
 
 Wells Fargo Facility 
 
 The Company is party to a master repurchase funding facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo (the Wells Fargo Facility ), which allows the Company to borrow up to million. The maximum commitment may be increased to up to million at the Company s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an upsize fee. Under the Wells Fargo Facility, the Company is permitted to sell, and later repurchase, certain qualifying senior commercial mortgage loans, A-Notes, pari-passu participations in commercial mortgage loans and mezzanine loans under certain circumstances, subject to available collateral approved by Wells Fargo in its sole discretion. In December 2022, the Company amended the Wells Fargo Facility to, among other things, (1) extend the funding period of the Wells Fargo Facility to December 15, 2025, (2) extend the initial maturity date of the Wells Fargo Facility to December 15, 2025, subject to extensions, each of which may be exercised at the Company s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an extension fee, which, if both were exercised, would extend the maturity date of the Wells Fargo Facility to December 14, 2027 and (3) modify the interest rate on advances under the Wells Fargo Facility from a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR or SOFR plus a pricing margin range of to , subject to certain exceptions, to a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR or SOFR plus a pricing margin range of to , subject to certain exceptions. In December 2020, the Company amended the Wells Fargo Facility to, among other things, eliminate the non-utilization fee on the Wells Fargo Facility. Prior to the amendment, the Company incurred a non-utilization fee of basis points per annum on the average daily available balance of the Wells Fargo Facility to the extent less than of the Wells Fargo Facility was utilized. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not incur a non-utilization fee. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred a non-utilization fee of thousand. The non-utilization fee is included within interest expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The Wells Fargo Facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants and provisions regarding events of default that are applicable to the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries, which are normal and customary for 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 to 1.00, (g) maintaining a ratio of recourse debt to tangible net worth of not more than to 1.00, (h) maintaining liquidity in an amount not less than the greater of (1) million or (2) of the Company s recourse indebtedness, not to exceed million (provided that in the event the Company s total liquidity equals or exceeds million, the Company may satisfy the difference between the minimum total liquidity requirement and the Company s total liquidity with available borrowing capacity), (i) maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio (expressed as the ratio of EBITDA (net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization), as defined, to fixed charges) for the immediately preceding 12-month period ending on the last date of the applicable reporting period to be at least to 1.00, (j) maintaining a tangible net worth of at least the sum of (1) approximately million, plus (2) of the net proceeds raised in all future equity issuances by the Company and (k) if certain specific debt yield, loan to value or other credit based tests are not met with respect to assets on the Wells Fargo Facility, the Company may be required to repay certain amounts under the Wells Fargo Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of the Wells Fargo Facility. 
 
 Citibank Facility 
 
 The Company is party to a million master repurchase facility with Citibank, N.A. Citibank (the Citibank Facility ). Under the Citibank Facility, the Company is permitted to sell and later repurchase certain qualifying senior commercial mortgage loans and A-Notes approved by Citibank in its sole discretion. In January 2022, the Company amended the Citibank Facility to, among other things, extend the initial maturity date and funding availability period to January 13, 2025, subject to -month extensions, each of which may be exercised at the Company s option assuming no existing defaults under the Citibank Facility and applicable extension fees being paid, which, if both were exercised, would extend the maturity date of the Citibank Facility to January 13, 2027. Advances under the Citibank Facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR or SOFR plus an indicative pricing margin range of to , subject to certain exceptions. Prior to the January 2022 amendment, the Company incurred a non-utilization fee of basis points per annum on the average daily available balance of the Citibank Facility to the extent less than of the Citibank Facility was utilized. Subsequent to the January 2022 amendment, the Company incurs a non-utilization fee of basis points per annum on the average daily positive difference between the maximum advances approved by Citibank and the actual advances outstanding on the Citibank Facility. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred a non-utilization fee of thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively. The non-utilization fee is included within interest expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The Citibank Facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants and provisions regarding events of default that are applicable to the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries, which are normal and customary for similar repurchase facilities, including the following: (a) maintaining tangible net worth of at least the sum of (1) of the Company s tangible net worth as of September 30, 2013, plus (2) of the total net capital raised in all future equity issuances by the Company, (b) maintaining liquidity in an amount not less than the greater of (1) million or (2) of the Company s recourse indebtedness, not to exceed million (provided that in the event the Company s total liquidity equals or exceeds million, the Company may satisfy the difference between the minimum total liquidity requirement and the Company s total liquidity with available borrowing capacity), (c) maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio (expressed as the ratio of EBITDA (net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization), as defined, to fixed charges) for the immediately preceding 12-month period ending on the last date of the applicable reporting period to be at least to 1.00, (d) maintaining a ratio of total debt to tangible net worth of not more than to 1.00, (e) maintaining a ratio of recourse debt to tangible net worth of not more than to 1.00 and (f) if certain specific debt yield and loan to value tests are not met with respect to assets on the Citibank Facility, the Company may be required to repay certain amounts under the Citibank Facility. The Citibank Facility also prohibits the Company from amending the management agreement with its Manager in a material respect without the prior consent of the lender. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of the Citibank Facility. 
 
 CNB Facility 
 The Company is party to a million secured revolving funding facility with City National Bank (the CNB Facility ). The Company is permitted to borrow funds under the CNB Facility to finance investments and for other working capital and general corporate needs. In March 2022, the Company exercised a extension option on the CNB Facility to extend the maturity date to March 10, 2023. Since November 12, 2021, advances under the CNB Facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of, at the Company s option, either (a) SOFR (with a floor) plus or (b) a base rate 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 , or Daily Simple SOFR plus plus ; provided that in no event shall the interest rate be less than . Prior to November 12, 2021, the interest rate on advances was a per annum rate equal to the sum of, at the Company s option, either (a) LIBOR for a one, two, three, six or, if available to all lenders, 12-month interest period plus or (b) a base rate (which is the highest of a prime rate, the federal funds rate plus , or one-month LIBOR plus plus . Unless at least of the CNB Facility is used on average, unused commitments under the CNB Facility accrue non-utilization fees at the rate of per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred a non-utilization fee of thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively. The non-utilization fee is included within interest expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The CNB Facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants and provisions regarding events of default that are applicable to the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries, which are normal and customary for similar financing facilities, including the following: (a) limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, (b) limitations on how borrowed funds may be used, (c) limitations on certain distributions and dividend payments following a default or event of default, (d) limitations on dispositions of assets, (e) maintenance of minimum total asset value by the borrower under the CNB Facility and its subsidiaries and (f) prohibitions of certain change of control events. The agreements governing the CNB Facility also impose certain covenants on the Company, including the following: (i) maintaining a ratio of total debt to tangible net worth of not more than to 1.00, (ii) maintaining a tangible net worth of at least of the Company s net worth as of September 30, 2013, plus of the net cash proceeds raised in equity issuances by the Company after March 12, 2014, (iii) maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio (expressed as the ratio of EBITDA (net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization), as defined, to fixed charges) for the immediately preceding 12-month period ending on the last date of the applicable reporting period of at least to 1.00, (iv) limitations on mergers, consolidations, transfers of assets and similar transactions and (v) maintaining its status as a REIT. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of the CNB Facility. 
 
 MetLife Facility 
 
 The Company is party to a million revolving master repurchase facility with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company MetLife (the MetLife Facility ), pursuant to which the Company may sell, and later repurchase, commercial mortgage loans meeting defined eligibility criteria which are approved by MetLife in its sole discretion. In July 2022, the Company exercised a 12-month extension option on the MetLife Facility to extend the initial maturity date to August 13, 2023, subject to extension, which may be exercised at the Company s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an extension fee, which, if exercised, would extend the maturity date of the MetLife Facility to August 13, 2024. Advances under the MetLife Facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR or SOFR plus a spread of , subject to certain exceptions. For a period of nine months subsequent to August 2020, the non-utilization fee of basis points per annum on the average daily available balance of the MetLife Facility, which is owed if less than of the MetLife Facility is utilized, was waived. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred non-utilization fee of thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively. The non-utilization fee is included within interest expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 The MetLife Facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants and provisions regarding events of default that are applicable to the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries, which are normal and customary for similar repurchase facilities, including the following: (a) limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, (b) limitations on how borrowed funds may be used, (c) limitations on certain distributions and dividend payments following a default or event of default and (d) limitations on dispositions of assets. The agreements governing the MetLife Facility also impose certain covenants on the Company, including the following: (i) maintaining a ratio of total debt to tangible net worth of not more than to 1.00, (ii) maintaining a ratio of recourse debt to tangible net worth of not more than to 1.00, (iii) maintaining a tangible net worth of at least of the Company s net worth as of September 30, 2013, plus of the net cash proceeds raised in equity issuances by the Company after August 13, 2014, (iv) maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio (expressed as the ratio of EBITDA (net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization), as defined, to fixed charges) for the immediately preceding 12-month period ending on the last date of the applicable reporting period of at least to 1.00, and (v) if certain specific debt yield, loan to value or other credit based tests are not met with respect to assets on the MetLife Facility, the Company may be required to repay certain amounts under the MetLife Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of the MetLife Facility. 
 Morgan Stanley Facility 
 The Company is party to a million master repurchase and securities contract with Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. Morgan Stanley (the Morgan Stanley Facility ). Under the Morgan Stanley Facility, the Company is permitted to sell, and later repurchase, certain qualifying commercial mortgage loans collateralized by retail, office, mixed-use, multifamily, 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 extension option on the Morgan Stanley Facility to extend the initial maturity date to January 16, 2024, subject to extension, which may be exercised at the Company s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an extension fee, which, if exercised, would extend the maturity date of the Morgan Stanley Facility to January 16, 2025. On March 21, 2022, ACRC Lender MS LLC, a subsidiary of the Company and Morgan Stanley entered into the Second Amendment to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract to modify the interest rate provisions in the Morgan Stanley Facility such that financings under the Morgan Stanley Facility in connection with loans pledged to the Morgan Stanley Facility after December 31, 2021 will utilize SOFR. Advances under the Morgan Stanley Facility generally accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR or SOFR plus a spread ranging from to , determined by Morgan Stanley, depending upon the mortgage loan sold to Morgan Stanley in the applicable transaction. 
 
 The Morgan Stanley Facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants and provisions regarding events of default that are applicable to the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries, which are normal and customary for similar repurchase facilities, including the following: (a) maintaining tangible net worth of at least the sum of (1) of the Company s tangible net worth as of September 30, 2013, plus (2) of the total net capital raised in all future equity issuances by the Company, (b) maintaining liquidity in an amount not less than the greater of (1) million or (2) of the Company s recourse indebtedness, not to exceed million (provided that in the event the Company s total liquidity equals or exceeds million, the Company may satisfy the difference between the minimum total liquidity requirement and the Company s total liquidity with available borrowing capacity), (c) maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio (expressed as the ratio of EBITDA (net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization), as defined, to fixed charges) for the immediately preceding 12-month period ending on the last date of the applicable reporting period to be at least to 1.00, (d) maintaining a ratio of total debt to tangible net worth of not more than 4.50 to 1.00 and (e) if certain specific debt yield and loan to value tests are not met with respect to assets on the Morgan Stanley Facility, the Company may be required to repay certain amounts under the Morgan Stanley Facility. The Morgan Stanley Facility also prohibits the Company from amending the management agreement with its Manager in a material respect without the prior consent of the lender. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of the Morgan Stanley Facility. 
 
 Notes Payable 
 
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries were party to separate non-recourse note agreements with the lenders referred to therein, consisting of (1) a million note that was closed in June 2019, which was secured by a hotel property located in New York that was recognized as real estate owned in the Company s consolidated balance sheets and (2) a million note that was closed in November 2019, which was secured by a million senior mortgage loan held by the Company on a multifamily property located in South Carolina. 
 
 The million note was repaid in full in conjunction with the sale of the hotel property that was recognized as real estate owned on March 1, 2022. See Note 5 for further details. The maturity date of the million note was June 10, 2024, subject to -month extension, which if exercised would have extended the maturity date to December 10, 2024. The loan was subject to prepayment at any time. Advances under the million note accrued interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR plus a spread of . 
 
 In June 2022, the Company repaid the million note in full. The initial maturity date of the million note was September 5, 2022, subject to extensions, which if exercised would have extended the maturity date to September 5, 2024. Advances under the million note accrued interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR plus a spread of . 
 
 In July 2022, ACRC Lender CO LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a Credit and Security Agreement with Capital One, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lender referred to therein. The Credit and Security Agreement provides for a million recourse note (together with the two non-recourse note agreements discussed above, the Notes Payable ). The million note is secured by a million senior mortgage loan held by the Company on a multifamily property located in New York and is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company pursuant to a Guaranty of Recourse Obligation. The initial maturity date of the million note is July 28, 2025, subject to extensions, each of which may be exercised at the Company s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of an extension fee, which, if both were exercised, would extend the maturity date to July 28, 2027. The million note accrues interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month SOFR plus a spread of . As of December 31, 2022, the total outstanding principal balance of the note was million. 
 
 The million note contains various affirmative and negative covenants and provisions regarding events of default that are applicable to the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries, including the following: (a) maintaining tangible net worth of at least the sum of (1) of the Company s tangible net worth as of June 30, 2022, plus (2) of the 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 million or (2) of the Company s recourse indebtedness, not to exceed million (provided that in the event the Company s total liquidity equals or exceeds million, the Company may satisfy the difference between the minimum total liquidity requirement and the Company s total liquidity with available borrowing capacity). As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of the million note. 
 
 Secured Term Loan 
 
 The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are party to a million Credit and Guaranty Agreement with the lenders referred to therein and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders (the Secured Term Loan ). In November 2021, the Company amended the Secured Term Loan to, among other things, (1) increase the commitment amount to million, which was fully drawn on the closing date of the amendment, net of an original issue discount equal to of the commitment amount, (2) extend the maturity date of the Secured Term Loan to November 12, 2026 and (3) update the interest rate on advances under the Secured Term Loan to the following fixed rates: (i) per annum until May 12, 2025, (ii) after May 12, 2025 through November 12, 2025, the interest rate increases every three months and (iii) after November 12, 2025 through November 12, 2026, the interest rate increases every three months. Prior to the November 2021 amendment, advances under the Secured Term Loan accrued interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of, at the Company s option, one, two, three or six-month LIBOR plus a spread of . During the 12-month extension period beginning December 22, 2020, the spread on advances under the Secured Term Loan increased every three months by , and per annum, respectively, beginning after the third-month of the extension period. As of December 31, 2022, the total outstanding principal balance of the Secured Term Loan was million. 
 
 The total original issue discount on the Secured Term Loan represents a discount to the debt cost to be amortized into interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Secured Term Loan. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the estimated per annum effective interest rate of the Secured Term Loan, which is equal to the fixed interest rate plus the accretion of the original issue discount and associated costs, was . For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the estimated per annum effective interest rate of the Secured Term Loan, which was equal to LIBOR plus the spread plus the accretion of the original issue discount and associated costs, was and , respectively. 
 
 The Company's obligations under the Secured Term Loan are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company. Certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into a Pledge and Security Agreement with the collateral agent under the Secured Term Loan, pursuant to which the obligations of the Company and the subsidiary guarantors under the Secured Term Loan are each secured by equity interests in certain of the Company's indirect subsidiaries and other assets. In addition, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a Negative Pledge Agreement with the collateral agent under the Secured Term Loan, which prohibits pledging or otherwise encumbering, subject to permitted encumbrances, certain of the assets which were not subject to the Pledge and Security Agreement. 
 
 The Secured Term Loan contains various affirmative and negative covenants and provisions regarding events of default that are applicable to the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries, which are normal and customary for similar financing agreements, including the following: (a) limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, (b) limitations on how borrowed funds may be used, (c) limitations on certain distributions and dividend payments following a default or event of default, (d) limitations on dispositions of assets and (e) prohibitions of certain change of control events. The agreements governing the Secured Term Loan also impose certain covenants on the Company, including the following: (i) maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio (expressed as the ratio of EBITDA (net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization), as defined, to fixed charges) for the immediately preceding 12-month period ending on the last date of the applicable reporting period to be at least to 1.00, (ii) maintaining a ratio of total debt to tangible net worth of not more than to 1.00, (iii) maintaining a tangible net worth of at least of the Company s net worth as of September 30, 2021, plus of the net cash proceeds raised in subsequent equity issuances by the Company, (iv) maintaining an asset coverage ratio greater than , (v) maintaining an unencumbered asset ratio greater than , (vi) limitations on mergers, consolidations, transfers of assets and similar transactions, (vii) maintaining its status as a REIT and (viii) maintaining at least of loans held for investment as senior commercial real estate loans, as measured by the average daily outstanding principal balance of all loans held for investment during a fiscal quarter and as adjusted for non-controlling interests. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of the Secured Term Loan. 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

7. 
 
 million loan on an office property located in North Carolina, which was bifurcated between a million senior mortgage loan and a million mezzanine loan. In February 2020, the Company transferred its interest in the million senior mortgage loan to a third party and retained the million mezzanine loan. The Company evaluated whether the transfer of the million senior mortgage loan met the criteria in FASB ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing , for treatment as a sale legal isolation, ability of transferee to pledge or exchange the transferred assets without constraint and transfer of effective control and determined that the transfer did not qualify as a sale and thus, was treated as a financing transaction. As such, the Company did not derecognize the million senior mortgage loan asset and recorded a secured borrowing liability in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The initial maturity date of the million secured borrowing was May 5, 2023, subject to one extension, which may have been exercised at the transferee s option, which, if exercised, would have extended the maturity date to May 5, 2024. Advances under the million secured borrowing accrued interest at a per annum rate equal to the sum of one-month LIBOR plus a spread of . In July 2022, the million loan was fully repaid and thus, the million secured borrowing liability was derecognized. 
 
 8. 

F-29 

Table of Contents 

 LIBOR (2) 
 
 LIBOR (2) 
 Interest rate caps (3) 
 LIBOR _______________________________ 
 
 (1) Represents fixed rate for interest rate swaps and strike rate for interest rate caps. 
 (2) Subject to a floor. 
 (3) In March 2022, the Company re-calibrated its net exposure to interest rate changes by terminating its interest rate cap derivative, which had a notional amount of million on the termination date and a strike rate of . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a million realized gain within OCI in conjunction with the termination of the interest rate cap. In accordance with ASC 815, the realized gain will be recognized within current earnings over the remaining original term of the interest rate cap derivative as it was designated as an effective hedge. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a realized gain of million through a reduction in interest expense, on the termination of the interest rate cap within current earnings. 
 
 ____________________________ 
 
 (1) Included in other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Included in other liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

9. 

Less: funded commitments ) ) Total unfunded commitments 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 
 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreement at an average price of per share. The sales generated net proceeds of approximately million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreement at an average price of per share. The sales generated net proceeds of approximately million. The at the market offering program is currently unavailable. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On July 26, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program of up to million, which is expected to be in effect until July 26, 2023, or until the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares (the Repurchase Program ). Pursuant to the Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock in amounts, at prices and at such times as it deems appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations, including all applicable legal requirements. Repurchases may include purchases on the open market or privately negotiated transactions, under Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, under accelerated share repurchase programs, in tender offers and otherwise. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of shares of its common stock and may be modified or suspended at any time at its discretion. The Company did not conduct any repurchases under the Repurchase Program during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equity Offerings 
 
 On May 20, 2022, the Company closed the public offering of an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, generating net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting transaction expenses. 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 On April 23, 2012, the Company adopted an equity incentive plan, which was amended and restated in June 2018 (as further amended, the Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan ). In February 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized, and in May 2022, the Company s stockholders approved, the first amendment to the Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, which among other things, increased the total number of shares of common stock the Company may grant thereunder to shares. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended by the first amendment, the Company may grant awards consisting of restricted shares of the Company s common stock, restricted stock units RSUs and/or other equity-based awards to the Company s outside directors, employees of the Manager, officers, ACREM and other eligible awardees under the plan. Any restricted shares of the Company s common stock and RSUs will be accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , resulting in stock-based compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of the underlying restricted shares of common stock or RSUs. 
 
 Restricted stock and RSU grants generally vest ratably over a one to period from the vesting start date. The grantee receives additional compensation for each outstanding restricted stock or RSU grant, classified as dividends paid, equal to the per-share dividends received by the Company s common stockholders. 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 

Total fair value of shares vested (1) Weighted average grant date fair value ___________________________ 
 
 (1) Based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the NYSE on each vesting date. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized totaled million, million and million, respectively, and the weighted average period over which the non-vested awards are expected to be recognized is years. 

F-32 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 
 Divided by: Basic weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: Weighted average non-vested restricted stock and RSUs Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 

12. 
 Deferred ) Excise tax Total income tax expense, including excise tax 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred an expense of thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively, for U.S. federal excise tax. Excise tax represents a tax on the sum of a portion of the Company s ordinary income and net capital gains not distributed during the calendar year (including any distribution declared in the fourth quarter and paid following January) plus any prior year shortfall. If it is determined that an excise tax liability exists for the current tax year, the Company will accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income as such taxable income is earned. The annual expense is calculated in accordance with applicable tax regulations. 
 
 The TRSs recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties, if any, are included within other liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, tax years 2019 through 2022 remain subject to examination by taxing authorities. The Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits and the Company does not expect that to change in the next 12 months. 

13. 

F-33 

Table of Contents 

 CRE debt securities for an aggregate purchase price of million, which consisted of floating rate, investment grade rated debt securities that had a weighted average coupon of SOFR plus . The Company s available-for-sale debt securities have a contractual maturity greater than years from the purchase date. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had CRE debt security investments designated as available-for-sale debt securities. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had CRE debt security investments. 

The fair value of available-for-sale debt securities was estimated using third-party broker quotes, which provide valuation estimates based upon contractual cash flows, observable inputs comprising credit spreads and market liquidity. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

Available-for-sale debt securities Financial liabilities: Interest rate derivatives 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Interest rate derivatives Financial liabilities: Interest rate derivatives 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any nonfinancial assets or liabilities required to be recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company was required to record real estate owned, a nonfinancial asset, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. Real estate owned consisted of a hotel property that was acquired by the Company on March 8, 2019 through a deed in lieu of foreclosure. See Note 5 included in these consolidated financial statements for more information on real estate owned. Real estate owned was recorded at fair value at acquisition using Level 3 inputs and is evaluated for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis. Real estate owned was considered impaired when the sum of estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the real estate owned over the estimated remaining holding period is less than the carrying amount of such real estate owned. Cash flows include operating cash flows and anticipated capital proceeds generated by the real estate owned. An impairment charge is recorded equal to the excess of the carrying value of the real estate owned over the fair value. The fair value of the hotel property at acquisition was estimated using a third-party appraisal, which utilized standard industry valuation techniques such as the income and market approach. When determining the fair value of a hotel, certain assumptions are made including, but not limited to: (1) projected operating cash flows, including factors such as booking pace, growth rates, occupancy, daily room rates, hotel specific operating costs and future capital expenditures; and (2) projected cash flows from the eventual disposition of the hotel based upon the Company s estimation of a hotel specific capitalization rate, hotel specific discount rates and comparable selling prices in the market. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any financial assets or liabilities or nonfinancial assets or liabilities required to be recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any financial assets or liabilities or nonfinancial liabilities required to be recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 Financial liabilities: Secured funding agreements 2 Notes payable 3 Secured term loan 3 Collateralized loan obligation securitization debt (consolidated VIEs) 3 Secured borrowings 3 
 
 The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, interest receivable, due to affiliate liability and accrued expenses, which are all categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. 
 
 Loans held for investment are recorded at cost, net of unamortized loan fees and origination costs. To determine the fair value of the collateral, the Company may employ different approaches depending on the type of collateral. The Company determined the fair value of loans held for investment based on a discounted cash flow methodology, taking into consideration various factors including capitalization rates, discount rates, leasing, occupancy rates, availability and cost of financing, exit plan, sponsorship, actions of other lenders, and comparable selling prices in the market. The Secured Funding Agreements are recorded at outstanding principal, which is the Company s best estimate of the fair value. The Company determined the fair value of the Notes Payable, Secured Term Loan, collateralized loan obligation CLO securitization debt and Secured Borrowings based on a discounted cash flow methodology, taking into consideration various factors including discount rates, actions of other lenders and comparable market quotes and recent trades for similar products. 

14. 
 
 of the Company s stockholders equity per annum, which is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in cash. For purposes of calculating the base management fee, stockholders equity means: (a) the sum of (i) the net proceeds from all issuances of the Company s equity securities since inception (allocated on a pro-rata daily basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any such issuance), plus (ii) the Company s retained earnings at the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter determined in accordance with GAAP (without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense incurred in current or prior periods); less (b) (x) any amount that the Company has paid to repurchase the Company s common stock since inception, (y) any unrealized gains and losses and other non-cash items that have impacted stockholders equity as reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 , equal to the difference between: (a) the product of (i) and (ii) the difference between (A) the Company s Core Earnings (as defined below) for the previous period, and (B) the product of (1) the weighted average of the issue price per share of the Company s common stock of all of the Company s public offerings of common stock multiplied by the weighted average number of all shares of common stock outstanding including any restricted shares of the Company s common stock, RSUs, or any shares of the Company s common stock not yet issued, but underlying other awards granted under the Company s Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (see Note 10 included in these consolidated financial statements) in the previous period, and (2) ; and (b) the sum of any incentive fees earned by ACREM with respect to the first three fiscal quarters of such previous period; provided, however, that incentive fee is payable with respect to any fiscal quarter unless cumulative Core Earnings for the most recently completed fiscal quarters is greater than . Core Earnings is defined in the Management Agreement as GAAP net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding non-cash equity compensation expense, the incentive fee, depreciation and amortization (to the extent that any of the Company s target investments are structured as debt and the Company forecloses on any properties underlying such debt), any unrealized gains, losses or other non-cash items recorded in net income (loss) for the period, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income (loss), and one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain non-cash charges after discussions between ACREM and the Company s independent directors and after approval by a majority of the Company s independent directors. On April 25, 2022, the Company and ACREM entered into an amendment to the Management Agreement to (a) exclude million of net income associated with the sale of the real estate owned property for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and to (b) include million of net income associated with the Company s gain on the termination of its interest rate cap derivative for the three months ended March 31, 2022, in each case, with respect to Core Earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2022. Core Earnings is defined in the Management Agreement and is used to calculate the incentive fees the Company pays to ACREM. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred incentive fees of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company reimburses ACREM at cost for operating expenses that ACREM incurs on the Company s behalf, including expenses relating to legal, financial, accounting, servicing, due diligence and other services, expenses in connection with the origination and financing of the Company s investments, communications with the Company s stockholders, information technology systems, software and data services used for the Company, travel, complying with legal and regulatory requirements, taxes, insurance maintained for the benefit of the Company as well as all other expenses actually incurred by ACREM that are reasonably necessary for the performance by ACREM of its duties and functions under the Management Agreement. Ares Management, from time to time, incurs fees, costs and expenses on behalf of more than one investment vehicle. To the extent such fees, costs and expenses are incurred for the account or benefit of more than one fund, each such investment vehicle, including the Company, will typically bear an allocable portion of any such fees, costs and expenses in proportion to the size of its investment in the activity or entity to which such expense relates (subject to the terms of each fund s governing documents) or in such other manner as Ares Management considers fair and equitable under the circumstances, such as the relative fund size or capital available to be invested by such investment vehicles. Where an investment vehicle s governing documents do not permit the payment of a particular expense, Ares Management will generally pay such investment vehicle s allocable portion of such expense. In addition, the Company is responsible for its proportionate share of certain fees and expenses, including due diligence costs, as determined by ACREM and Ares Management, including legal, accounting and financial advisor fees and related costs, incurred in connection with evaluating and consummating investment opportunities, regardless of whether such transactions are ultimately consummated by the parties thereto. 
 
 The Company will not reimburse ACREM for the salaries and other compensation of its personnel, except for the allocable share of the salaries and other compensation of the Company s (a) Chief Financial Officer, based on the percentage of his time spent on the Company s affairs and (b) other corporate finance, tax, accounting, internal audit, legal, risk management, operations, compliance and other non-investment professional personnel of ACREM or its affiliates who spend all or a portion of their time managing the Company s affairs based on the percentage of their time spent on the Company s affairs. The Company is also required to pay its pro-rata portion of rent, telephone, utilities, office furniture, equipment, machinery and other office, internal and overhead expenses of ACREM and its affiliates that are required for the Company s operations. 
 
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries, along with the Company s lenders under certain of the Company s Secured Funding Agreements, as well as under the CLO transaction have entered into various servicing agreements with ACREM s subsidiary servicer, Ares Commercial Real Estate Servicer LLC ACRES ). The Company s Manager will specially service, as needed, certain of the Company s investments. Effective May 1, 2012, ACRES agreed that no servicing fees pursuant to 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 renewal terms thereafter. Except under limited circumstances, upon a termination of the Management Agreement, the Company will pay ACREM a termination fee equal to times the average annual base management fee and incentive fee received by ACREM during the period immediately preceding the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of termination, each as described above. 
 
 Incentive fees General and administrative expenses Direct costs(1) Total 
 _______________________________ 

Investments in Loans 
 
 From time to time, the Company may co-invest with other investment vehicles managed by Ares Management or its affiliates, including the Manager, and their portfolio companies, including by means of splitting investments, participating in investments or other means of syndication of investments. For such co-investments, the Company expects to act as the administrative agent for the holders of such investments provided that the Company maintains a majority of the aggregate investment. No fees will be received by the Company for performing such service. The Company will be responsible for its pro-rata share of costs and expenses for such co-investments, including due diligence costs for transactions which fail to close. The Company s investment in such co-investments are made on a pari-passu basis with the other Ares managed investment vehicles and the Company is not obligated to provide, nor has it provided, any financial support to the other Ares managed investment vehicles. As such, the Company s risk is limited to the carrying value of its investment and the Company recognizes only the carrying value of its investment in its consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total outstanding principal balance for co-investments held by the Company was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Loan Purchases From Affiliate 
 
 An affiliate of the Company s Manager maintains a million real estate debt warehouse investment vehicle (the Ares Warehouse Vehicle that holds Ares Management originated commercial real estate loans, which are made available to purchase by other investment vehicles, including the Company and other Ares Management managed investment vehicles. From time to time, the Company may purchase loans from the Ares Warehouse Vehicle. The Company s Manager will approve the purchase of such loans only on terms, including the consideration to be paid, that are determined by the Company s Manager in good faith to be appropriate for the Company once the Company has sufficient liquidity. The Company is not obligated to purchase any loans originated by the Ares Warehouse Vehicle. In addition, from time to time, the Company may purchase loans, including participations in loans, from other Ares Management managed investment vehicles. Loans purchased by the Company from the Ares Warehouse Vehicle or other Ares Management managed investment vehicles are purchased at fair value as determined by an independent third-party valuation expert and are subject to approval by a majority of the Company s independent directors. No loans were purchased by the Company from the Ares Warehouse Vehicle for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 (1) July 29, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 17, 2022 (1) May 3, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 15, 2022 (1) February 15, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 14, 2022 (1) Total cash dividends declared for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 November 3, 2021 December 31, 2021 January 19, 2022 (1) July 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 October 15, 2021 (1) May 4, 2021 June 30, 2021 July 15, 2021 (1) February 17, 2021 March 31, 2021 April 15, 2021 (1) Total cash dividends declared for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 December 15, 2020 December 30, 2020 January 15, 2021 September 16, 2020 September 30, 2020 October 15, 2020 June 19, 2020 June 30, 2020 July 15, 2020 February 20, 2020 March 31, 2020 April 15, 2020 Total cash dividends declared for the year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 and a supplemental cash dividend of . 

16. 
 
 million principal balance of secured floating rate notes (the FL3 Notes issued by the FL3 Issuer and million of preferred equity in the FL3 Issuer (the FL3 CLO Securitization ). The FL3 Amended Indenture amends and restates, and replaces in its entirety, the indenture for the CLO securitization issued in March 2017, which governed the issuance of approximately million principal balance of secured floating rate notes and million of preferred equity in the FL3 Issuer. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the FL3 Notes were collateralized by interests in a pool of mortgage assets having a total principal balance of million (the FL3 Mortgage Assets that were closed by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and approximately million of receivables related to repayments of outstanding principal on previous mortgage assets. As of December 31, 2021, the FL3 Notes were collateralized by interests in a pool of mortgage assets having a total principal balance of approximately million that were closed by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and approximately million of receivables related to repayments of outstanding principal on previous mortgage assets. On 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 million of the FL3 Notes and all of the million of preferred equity in the FL3 Issuer, which totaled million. The Company, as the holder of the subordinated FL3 Notes and all of the preferred equity in the FL3 Issuer, has the obligation to absorb losses of the CLO, since the Company has a first loss position in the capital structure of the CLO. 
 
 On January 28, 2021, ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 Ltd. (the FL4 Issuer and ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 LLC (the FL4 Co-Issuer ), both wholly owned indirect subsidiaries of the Company, entered into an Indenture (the FL4 Indenture with ACRC Lender LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Seller ), as advancing agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as note administrator, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, which governs the issuance of approximately million principal balance secured floating rate notes (the FL4 Notes and million of preferred equity in the FL4 Issuer (the FL4 CLO Securitization ). For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the FL4 Issuer and FL4 Co-Issuer are disregarded entities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the FL4 Notes were collateralized by interests in a pool of mortgage assets having a total principal balance of approximately million (the FL4 Mortgage Assets that were closed by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and approximately million of receivables related to repayments of outstanding principal on previous mortgage assets. As of December 31, 2021, the FL4 Notes were collateralized by interests in a pool of mortgage assets having a total principal balance of approximately million that were closed by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and approximately million of receivables related to repayments of outstanding principal on previous mortgage assets. During the period ending in April 2024 (the Companion Participation Acquisition Period ), the FL4 Issuer may use certain principal proceeds from the FL4 Mortgage Assets to acquire additional funded pari-passu participations related to the FL4 Mortgage Assets that meet certain acquisition criteria. 
 
 The sale of the FL4 Mortgage Assets to the FL4 Issuer is governed by a FL4 Mortgage Asset Purchase Agreement between the Seller and the FL4 Issuer, and acknowledged by the Company solely for purposes of confirming its status as a REIT, in which the Seller made certain customary representations, warranties and covenants. 
 
 In connection with the FL4 CLO Securitization, the FL4 Issuer and FL4 Co-Issuer offered and issued the following classes of FL4 Notes to third party investors: Class A, Class A-S, Class B, Class C, Class D and Class E Notes (collectively, the FL4 Offered Notes ). A wholly owned subsidiary of the Company retained approximately million of the FL4 Notes and all of the million of preferred equity in the FL4 Issuer, which totaled million. The Company, as the holder of the subordinated FL4 Notes and all of the preferred equity in the FL4 Issuer, has the obligation to absorb losses of the FL4 CLO Securitization, since the Company has a first loss position in the capital structure of the FL4 CLO Securitization. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid down million of the FL4 Offered Notes. 
 
 The FL3 CLO Securitization and the FL4 CLO Securitization are collectively referred to as the CLO Securitizations. As the directing holder of the CLO Securitizations, the Company has the ability to direct activities that could significantly impact the CLO Securitizations economic performance. ACRES is designated as special servicer of the CLO Securitizations and has the power to direct activities during the loan workout process on defaulted and delinquent loans, which is the activity that most significantly impacts the CLO Securitizations economic performance. ACRES did not waive the special servicing fee, and the Company pays its overhead costs. If an unrelated third party had the right to unilaterally remove the special servicer, then the Company would not have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the CLO Securitizations economic performance. In addition, there were no substantive kick-out rights of any unrelated third party to remove the special servicer without cause. The Company s subsidiaries, as directing holders, have the ability to remove the 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

million, which represents the carrying value of its investments in the CLO Securitizations. 

17. 
 
 million. 
 
 In January 2023, the senior mortgage loan held by the Company on a mixed-use property located in California did not receive the January interest payment, which triggered an event of default under the loan agreement. As of February 14, 2023, the outstanding principal balance of the senior California loan is million. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company sold the senior loan collateralized by a residential property in California and was in maturity default due to the failure of the borrower to repay the outstanding principal balance of the loan by the maturity date. The Company sold the loan at an all-cash price of million, with estimated net proceeds of million. 
 
 In February 2023, the senior mortgage loan held by the Company on a mixed-use property located in Florida was not repaid upon its contractual maturity, which triggered an event of default under the loan agreement. As of February 14, 2023, the outstanding principal balance of the senior Florida loan is million. 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of per common share and a supplemental cash dividend of per common share for the first quarter of 2023. The first quarter 2023 and supplemental cash dividends will be payable on April 18, 2023 to common stockholders of record as of March 31, 2023. 

F-41 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Bryan Donohoe Bryan Donohoe Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Tae-Sik Yoon Tae-Sik Yoon Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Bryan Donohoe Bryan Donohoe 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Tae-Sik Yoon Tae-Sik Yoon Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ William S. Benjamin William S. Benjamin Chairman, Director 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Rand S. April Rand S. April 
 Director 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Michael J Arougheti Michael J Arougheti 
 Director 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Caroline E. Blakely Caroline E. Blakely 
 Director 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ William L. Browning William L. Browning 
 Director 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Edmond N. Moriarty, III Edmond N. Moriarty, III 
 Director 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ Rebecca J. Parekh Rebecca J. Parekh 
 Director 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 By: /s/ James E. Skinner James E. Skinner 
 Director 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 acreq4-22exhibit32.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

Exhibit 3.2 
 
 ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 OFFICES 
 
 Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICE . The principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors may designate. 
 
 Section 2. ADDITIONAL OFFICES . The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 Section 1. PLACE . All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set in accordance with these Bylaws and stated in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held in whole or in part by means of remote communication in any matter permitted by Maryland law. Participation in a meeting by these means constitutes presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING . An annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 3. SPECIAL MEETINGS . 
 
 (a) General . Each of the chair of the board, chief executive officer, president and Board of Directors may call a special meeting of stockholders. Except as provided in subsection (b)(4) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the chair of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors, whoever has called the meeting. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the secretary of the Corporation to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting. 
 
 (b) Stockholder-Requested Special Meetings . 
 
 (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the secretary (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act ). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date 
 1 

shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which a Record Date Request Notice is received by the secretary. 
 
 (2) In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the Special Meeting Request signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting (the Special Meeting Percentage shall be delivered to the secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (a) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the secretary), (b) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (c) set forth (i) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (ii) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation that are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder and (iii) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, (d) be sent to the secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (e) be received by the secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation of the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary. 
 
 (3) The secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing or delivering the notice of the meeting (including the Corporation s proxy materials). The secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 3(b), the secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of such notice of the meeting. 
 
 (4) In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of stockholders (a Stockholder-Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors provided , however, that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the secretary (the Delivery Date ), a date and time for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2 00 p.m., local time, on the 90 th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90 th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day and provided further that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, the Board of Directors may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30 th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder-Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 3(b). 
 
 (5) If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting on the matter to the secretary (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for a special meeting on the matter, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting on the matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Corporation s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chair of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chair of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
 
 (6) The chair of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors may appoint independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the secretary. For the purpose of permitting the 
 2 

inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after receipt by the secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
 
 (7) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 
 Section 4. NOTICE . Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder s residence or usual place of business or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. The Corporation may give a single notice to all stockholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address, unless such stockholder objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting. 
 
 Subject to Section 11(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice. The Corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a public announcement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) of such postponement, rescheduling or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed or rescheduled shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section. 
 
 Section 5. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT . Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chair of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment or appointed individual, by the chair of the board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chair of the board, by one of the following officers present at the meeting in the following order the vice chair of the board, if there is one, the chief executive officer, the president, the vice presidents in their order of rank and seniority, the secretary or, in the absence of such officers, a chair chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The secretary or, in the secretary s absence, an assistant secretary or, in the absence of both the secretary and assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such appointment, an individual appointed by the chair of the meeting shall act as secretary. In the event that the secretary presides at a meeting of stockholders, an assistant secretary or, in the absence of all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting shall record the minutes of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chair of the meeting. The chair of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chair and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting (b) limiting attendance at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and such other individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to stockholders of record of the Corporation entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine (d) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments (e) determining when and for how long the polls should be opened and when the polls should be closed (f) maintaining order and security at the meeting (g) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chair of the meeting (h) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting to a later date and time and at a place announced at the meeting and (i) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. 
 3 

Unless otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 
 Section 6. QUORUM . At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on any matter shall constitute a quorum but this section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or the charter of the Corporation (the Charter for the vote necessary for the approval of any matter. If such quorum is not established at any meeting of the stockholders, the chair of the meeting may adjourn the meeting sine die or from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. 
 
 The stockholders present either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough stockholders to leave fewer than would be required to establish a quorum. 
 
 Section 7. VOTING . A plurality of all the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect a director. Each share may be voted for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be voted. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute or by the Charter. Unless otherwise provided by statute or by the Charter, each outstanding share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the chair of the meeting shall order that voting be by ballot or otherwise. 
 
 Section 8. PROXIES . A holder of record of shares of stock of the Corporation may cast votes in person or by proxy executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by law. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the secretary of the Corporation before or at the meeting. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
 
 Section 9. VOTING OF STOCK BY CERTAIN HOLDERS . Stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, general partner, trustee or managing member thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock. Any director or fiduciary may vote stock registered in the name of such person in the capacity of director or fiduciary, either in person or by proxy. 
 
 Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 
 
 The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or desirable. On receipt by the Corporation of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the holder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification. 
 
 Section 10. INSPECTORS . The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor to the inspector. Except as otherwise provided by the chair of the meeting, the inspectors, if any, shall (i) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy, and the validity and effect of proxies, (ii) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (iii) report such tabulation to the chair of the meeting, (iv) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, and (v) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one 
 4 

inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 
 
 Section 11. ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS. 
 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders . 
 
 (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with this Section 11(a). 
 
 (2) For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall set forth all information and certifications required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 150th day prior to the anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) nor later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, in order for notice by the stockholder to be timely, such notice must be so delivered not earlier than the 150 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 120 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (3) Such stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 
 (i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee ), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act 
 
 (ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (A) a description of such business (including the text of any proposal), the stockholder s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom and (B) any other information relating to such business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) of the Exchange Act 
 
 (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder 
 Associated Person, 
 
 (A) the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the Company Securities ), if any, that are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Company Security was acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person, 
 
 (B) the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, 
 5 

(C) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of (x) Company Securities or (y) any security of any entity that was listed in the Peer Group in the Stock Performance Graph in the most recent annual report to security holders of the Corporation (a Peer Group Company for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company) disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company) and 
 
 (D) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class or series 
 
 (iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 11(a) and any Proposed Nominee, 
 
 (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s stock ledger, and the current name and address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee and 
 
 (B) the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person 
 
 (v) the name and address of any person who contacted or was contacted by the stockholder giving the notice or any Stockholder Associated Person about the Proposed Nominee or other business proposal 
 
 (vi) to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other person supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business 
 
 (vii) if the stockholder is proposing one or more Proposed Nominees, a representation that such stockholder, any Proposed Nominee or any Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends to solicit the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares of stock entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of each Proposed Nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act 
 
 (viii) if the stockholder is submitting a proposal not involving the nomination of directors, a representation that such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends to deliver a proxy statement and or form of proxy to holders of shares of stock of the Corporation representing at least the percentage of the voting power of shares of stock required to approve or adopt the proposal and 
 
 (ix) all other information regarding the stockholder giving the notice and each Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed by the stockholder in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (4) Such stockholder s notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by 
 
 (i) a written undertaking executed by the Proposed Nominee 
 
 (A) certifying that such Proposed Nominee (I) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with 
 6 

service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (II) will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected and will notify the Corporation simultaneously with any notification to the stockholder of the Proposed Nominee s actual or potential unwillingness or inability to serve as a director and (III) does not need any permission or consent from any third party (including any employer or any other board or governing body on which such Proposed Nominee serves) to serve as a director of the Corporation, if elected, that has not been obtained 
 
 (B) attaching copies of any and all requisite permissions or consents and 
 
 (C) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request by the stockholder providing the notice, and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Corporation are traded) and 
 
 (ii) a certificate executed by the stockholder certifying that such stockholder will 
 
 (A) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with such stockholder s solicitation of proxies in support of any Proposed Nominee 
 
 (B) notify the Corporation as promptly as practicable of any determination by the stockholder to no longer solicit proxies for the election of any Proposed Nominee as a director at the annual meeting 
 
 (C) furnish such other or additional information as the Corporation may reasonably request for the purpose of determining whether the requirements of this Section 11 have been satisfied or of evaluating any nomination or other business described in the stockholder s notice and 
 
 (D) continue to be a stockholder of record at the time of the meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof) and appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to present each Proposed Nominee or to bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, and acknowledging that, if the stockholder does not so appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to present each Proposed Nominee or bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, the Corporation need not bring such Proposed Nominee or such business for a vote at such meeting and any proxies or votes cast in favor of the election of any Proposed Nominee or any proposal related to such other business need not be counted or considered. 
 
 (5) Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 
 (6) For purposes of this Section 11, Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder or another Stockholder Associated Person or who is otherwise a participant (as defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in any solicitation of proxies, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person. 
 
 (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting and, except as contemplated by and in accordance with the next two sentences of this Section 11(b), no stockholder may nominate an individual for election to the Board of Directors or make a proposal of other business to be considered at a special meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the 
 7 

Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice, containing the information and certifications required by paragraphs (a)(3) and (4) of this Section 11, is delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (c General . 
 
 (1) If any information or certification submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders, including any certification from a Proposed Nominee, shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information or certification may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. Any stockholder or Proposed Nominee shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information or certification. Upon written request by the secretary or the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, any stockholder or Proposed Nominee shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (i) written verification, satisfactory, in the reasonable discretion of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11, (ii) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the secretary, the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting and, if applicable, satisfy the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date and (iii) an updated certification by each Proposed Nominee that such individual will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected. If a stockholder or Proposed Nominee fails to provide such written verification, update or certification within such period, the information as to which such written verification, update or certification was reasonably requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 
 
 (2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. A stockholder proposing a Proposed Nominee shall have no right to (i) nominate a number of Proposed Nominees that exceeds the number of directors to be elected at the meeting or (ii) substitute or replace any Proposed Nominee unless such substitute or replacement is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 (including the timely provision of all information and certifications with respect to such substitute or replacement Proposed Nominee in accordance with the deadlines set forth in this Section 11). If the Corporation provides notice to a stockholder that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting, the stockholder must provide written notice to the Corporation within five Business Days stating the names of the Proposed Nominees that have been withdrawn so that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder no longer exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting. If a Proposed Nominee becomes unwilling or unable to serve on the Board of Directors, then the nomination with respect to such individual shall no longer be valid and no votes may validly be cast for such individual. The chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine, if the facts warrant, whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11 (including whether the stockholder providing notice and any Stockholder Associated Person on whose behalf the nomination is made solicited (or is part of group which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies in support of such stockholder s Proposed Nominee in compliance with the representation required by clause (vii) of paragraph (a)(3) of this Section 11). If any proposed nomination or other business is not made or proposed in compliance with this Section 11, the chair of the meeting of stockholders shall have the power and duty to declare to the meeting that any such nomination or other business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 11, and that such nomination or other business not properly brought before the meeting shall be disregarded and or shall not be transacted. 
 
 (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, the Corporation shall disregard any proxy authority granted in favor of, or votes for, director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees if the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person (each, a Soliciting Stockholder soliciting proxies in support of such director nominees 
 8 

abandons the solicitation or does not (i) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including any failure by the Soliciting Stockholder to (A) provide the Corporation with any notices or certifications required thereunder in a timely manner or (B) comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, or (ii) timely provide evidence in accordance with the following sentence that is sufficient, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, to demonstrate that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Upon request by the Corporation, if any Soliciting Stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or is not required to provide notice because the information required by Rule 14a-19(b) has been provided in a preliminary or definitive proxy statement previously filed by such Soliciting Stockholder), such Soliciting Stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five Business Days prior to the applicable meeting of stockholders, evidence that is sufficient, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, to demonstrate that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (4) For purposes of this Section 11, the date of the proxy statement shall have the same meaning as the date of the company s proxy statement released to shareholders as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Public announcement shall mean disclosure in a (i) press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (ii) document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 
 (5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, any proxy statement filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of an effective Schedule 14A by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (6) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, except as otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, if the stockholder giving notice as provided for in this Section 11 does not appear in person or by proxy at such annual or special meeting to present each nominee for election as a director or the proposed business, as applicable, such matter shall not be considered at the meeting. 
 
 Section 13. CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor statute (the MGCL ), shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 1. GENERAL POWERS . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of its Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2. NUMBER, TENURE AND RESIGNATION . At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a majority of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL, nor more than 15, and further provided that the tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. 
 
 Section 3. ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS . An annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders, no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary. In the event such meeting is not so held, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of regular meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 9 

Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the chair of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix any place as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of special meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 
 Section 5. NOTICE . Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, courier or United States mail to each director at his or her business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three days prior to the meeting. Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws. 
 
 Section 6. QUORUM . A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, provided that, if less than a majority of such directors is present at such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, and provided further that if, pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority or other percentage of a particular group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority or such other percentage of such group. 
 
 The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough directors to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum. 
 
 Section 7. VOTING . The action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. 
 
 Section 8. ORGANIZATION . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or, in the absence of the chair, the vice chair of the board, if any, shall act as chair of the meeting. In the absence of both the chair and vice chair of the board, the chief executive officer or, in the absence of the chief executive officer, the president or, in the absence of the president, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present shall act as chair of the meeting. The secretary or, in his or her absence, an assistant secretary of the Corporation or, in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the chair of the meeting shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 Section 9. TELEPHONE MEETINGS . Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 Section 10. CONSENT BY DIRECTORS WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each director and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 11. VACANCIES . If for any reason any or all of the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder. Until such time as the Corporation becomes subject to Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, any vacancy on the Board of Directors for any cause other than an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, even if such majority is less than a quorum any vacancy in the number of directors created by an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the entire Board of Directors and any individual so elected as director shall serve until the next annual meeting of 
 10 

stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualifies. At such time as the Corporation becomes subject to Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL and except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
 
 Section 12. COMPENSATION . Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors but, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may receive compensation per year and or per meeting and or per visit to real property or other facilities owned or leased by the Corporation and for any service or activity they performed or engaged in as directors. Directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof and for their expenses, if any, in connection with each property visit and any other service or activity they perform or engage in as directors but nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
 
 Section 13. RELIANCE . Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person s professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence. 
 
 Section 14. RATIFICATION . The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify and make binding on the Corporation any action or inaction by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the matter. Moreover, any action or inaction questioned in any stockholders derivative proceeding or any other proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders and, if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if the questioned action or inaction had been originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders and shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action or inaction. 
 
 Section 15. CERTAIN RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS . Any director or officer, in his or her personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to, in addition to or in competition with those of or relating to the Corporation. 
 
 Section 16. EMERGENCY PROVISIONS . Notwithstanding any other provision in the Charter or these Bylaws, this Section 16 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws cannot readily be obtained (an Emergency ). During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, (a) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by any means feasible under the circumstances (b) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than 24 hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as may be feasible at the time, including publication, television or radio and (c) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 COMMITTEES 
 
 Section 1. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS . The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members one or more committees, composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2. POWERS . The Board of Directors may delegate to committees appointed under Section 1 of this Article any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by law. 
 
 Section 3. MEETINGS . Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board of Directors may designate a chair of any committee, and such chair or, in the absence of a 
 11 

chair, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member. 
 
 Section 4. TELEPHONE MEETINGS . Members of a committee of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 5. C ONSENT BY COMMITTEES WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee. 
 
 Section 6. VACANCIES . Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate an alternate member to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 OFFICERS 
 
 Section 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS . The officers of the Corporation shall include a president, a secretary and a treasurer and may include a chair of the board, a vice chair of the board, a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer, one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistant treasurers. In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or desirable. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors, except that the chief executive officer or president may from time to time appoint one or more vice presidents, assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers or other officers. Each officer shall serve until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her death, or his or her resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two or more offices except president and vice president may be held by the same person. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Corporation and such officer or agent. 
 
 Section 2. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION . Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors if in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 3. VACANCIES . A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors for the balance of the term. 
 
 Section 4. CHAIR OF THE BOARD . The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a chair of the board, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate the chair of the board as an executive or non-executive chair. The chair of the board shall preside over the meetings of the Board of Directors. The chair of the board shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 5. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief executive officer. In the absence of such designation, the chair of the board shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of chief executive officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 
 12 

Section 6 CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief operating officer. The chief operating officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
 
 Section 7. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
 
 Section 8. PRESIDENT . In the absence of a chief executive officer, the president shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the Corporation. In the absence of a designation of a chief operating officer by the Board of Directors, the president shall be the chief operating officer. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 
 Section 9. VICE PRESIDENTS . In the absence of the president or in the event of a vacancy in such office, the vice president (or in the event there be more than one vice president, the vice presidents in the order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the president and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such vice president by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more vice presidents as executive vice president, senior vice president or vice president for particular areas of responsibility. 
 
 Section 10. SECRETARY . The secretary shall (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation (d) keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such stockholder (e) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 11. TREASURER . The treasurer shall have the custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors and in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. In the absence of a designation of a chief financial officer by the Board of Directors, the treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation. 
 
 The treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and Board of Directors, at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors or whenever it may so require, an account of all his or her transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 12. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS . The assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the secretary or treasurer, respectively, or by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 CONTRACTS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 
 
 Section 1. CONTRACTS . The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation when duly authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directors and executed by an authorized person. 
 
 Section 2. CHECKS AND DRAFTS . All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Corporation in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 13 

Section 3. DEPOSITS . All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited or invested from time to time to the credit of the Corporation as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer or any other officer designated by the Board of Directors may determine. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 STOCK 
 
 Section 1. CERTIFICATES . Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, stockholders of the Corporation are not entitled to certificates representing the shares of stock held by them. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in the manner permitted by the MGCL. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. There shall be no differences in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. 
 
 Section 2. TRANSFERS . All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation, by the holder of the shares, in person or by his or her attorney, in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed. The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of certificated shares is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors that such shares shall no longer be represented by certificates. Upon the transfer of any uncertificated shares, to the extent then required by the MGCL, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. 
 
 The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock will be subject in all respects to the Charter and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 
 
 Section 3. REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE . Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation. 
 
 Section 4. FIXING OF RECORD DATE . The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken. 
 
 When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if adjourned or postponed, except if the meeting is adjourned or postponed to a date more than 120 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting may be determined as set forth herein. 
 
 Section 5. STOCK LEDGER . The Corporation shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate stock ledger containing the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class held by such stockholder. 
 14 

Section 6. FRACTIONAL STOCK ISSUANCE OF UNITS . The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation to issue fractional stock or authorize the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as it may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may issue units consisting of different securities of the Corporation. Any security issued in a unit shall have the same characteristics as any identical securities issued by the Corporation, except that the Board of Directors may provide that for a specified period securities of the Corporation issued in such unit may be transferred on the books of the Corporation only in such unit. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
 ACCOUNTING YEAR 
 
 The Board of Directors shall have the power, from time to time, to fix the fiscal year of the Corporation by a duly adopted resolution. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 
 Section 1. AUTHORIZATION . Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. 
 
 Section 2. CONTINGENCIES . Before payment of any dividends or other distributions, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall determine, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 
 INVESTMENT POLICY 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Charter, the Board of Directors may from time to time adopt, amend, revise or terminate any policy or policies with respect to investments by the Corporation as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 
 SEAL 
 
 Section 1. SEAL . The Board of Directors may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Corporation. Any such seal shall contain the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words Incorporated Maryland. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. 
 
 Section 2. AFFIXING SEAL . Whenever the Corporation is permitted or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE XII 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 
 
 To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or 
 15 

has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the Charter and these Bylaws shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer. The Corporation may, with the approval of its Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee thereof, provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. The indemnification and payment or reimbursement of expenses provided in these Bylaws shall not be deemed exclusive of or limit in any way other rights to which any person seeking indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses may be or may become entitled under any bylaw, resolution, insurance, agreement or otherwise. 
 
 Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding paragraph with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 
 WAIVER OF NOTICE 
 
 Whenever any notice of a meeting is required to be given pursuant to the Charter or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. 
 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 
 AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 
 The Board of Directors shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws. 
 16 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 acreq4-22exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF ARES COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Name Jurisdiction ACRC Holdings LLC Delaware ACRC Lender LLC Delaware ACRC Lender C LLC Delaware ACRC Lender W LLC Delaware ACRC Lender W TRS LLC Delaware ACRC 2017-FL3 Holder LLC Delaware ACRC Lender ML LLC Delaware ACRC Mezz Holdings LLC Delaware ACRC Warehouse Holdings LLC Delaware ACRC 2017-FL3 Holder I L.P. Delaware ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 Ltd. Cayman ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2017-FL3 LLC Delaware ACRC 2017-FL3 TRS LLC Delaware ACRC 2017-FL3 Holder REIT LLC Delaware ACRC MP Owner LLC Delaware ACRC WM Owner LLC Delaware ACRC WM Tenant LLC Delaware ACRC Lender Woodside LLC Delaware ACRC Lender MS LLC Delaware ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 Ltd. Cayman ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 LLC Delaware ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2021-FL4 Holder LLC Delaware ACRC MA Holdings LLC Delaware ACRC 2022-FL5 Holder LLC Delaware ACRE Commercial Mortgage 2022-FL5 LLC Delaware ACRC 2021-FL4 Holder LLC Delaware ACRC Lender CO LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 acreq4-22exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-181077) pertaining to the Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-225891) pertaining to the Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265422) pertaining to the first amendment of the Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-265937) of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 
 
 of our reports dated February 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 acreq4-22exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, Bryan Donohoe, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 
 
 s Bryan Donohoe Bryan Donohoe 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 acreq4-22exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, Tae-Sik Yoon, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 
 
 s Tae-Sik Yoon Tae-Sik Yoon 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 acreq4-22exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Bryan Donohoe, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Tae-Sik Yoon, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 
 
 s Bryan Donohoe Bryan Donohoe 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 s Tae-Sik Yoon Tae-Sik Yoon 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 acre-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 acre-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 acre-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 acre-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 acre-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

