<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_884363_0001553350-23-000160.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3529436</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140147</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>727153</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>956001</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>761529</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>860932</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-23-000160.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309134131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-23-000160
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVOLUTIONARY GENOMICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884363
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				264369698
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54129
		FILM NUMBER:		23719081

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4220 MORNINGSTAR DRIVE
		CITY:			CASTLE ROCK
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720) 900-8666

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4220 MORNINGSTAR DRIVE
		CITY:			CASTLE ROCK
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fona, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100907

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHONE A HOME CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930708

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FONAHOME CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-23-000160.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 fnam_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from: _____________ to _____________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: Common Stock, .001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant as of June 30, 2022 was based on the closing price on the last day of trading prior to June 30, 2022. 

Shares outstanding as of March 1, 2023 were 
shares of common stock, .001 par value and 577,063 shares of Series A-1 preferred stock, par value .001 and 189,337 shares of
Series A-2 preferred stock, par value .001. The Registrant s common stock trades on the OTC Markets under the trading symbol
 FNAM . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

Evolutionary Genomics, Inc. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 15 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 18 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 
 18 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 18 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 18 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 19 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 19 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 20 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 22 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 23 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 24 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 24 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement and Schedules 
 25 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 25 

SIGNATURES 
 26 

Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Information 

This report includes forward-looking statements that are
subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be
deemed forward-looking statements including continued compliance with government regulations, changing legislation or regulatory environments;
any statements of expectation or belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These risks, uncertainties
and other factors, and the general risks associated with the businesses of the Company described in the reports and other documents filed
with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially from those referred to in the forward-looking statements. The Company cautions
readers not to rely on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to
the Company and are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. The Company anticipates that subsequent events and developments
may cause its views to change. The information contained in this report speaks as of the date hereof and the Company has or undertakes
no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise
unless required by law. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Evolutionary Genomics, Inc. (the registrant or Company was incorporated under the laws of the state of Minnesota in November 1990 under the name Fonahome Corporation. On March 24, 2009, the
Company reincorporated in the state of Nevada and merged with its wholly-owned subsidiary, Fona, Inc., adopting the surviving company s
name, Fona, Inc. and simultaneously adopted the capital structure of Fona Inc., which includes total authorized capital stock of 800,000,000
shares, of which 780,000,000 are common stock and 20,000,000 are blank check preferred stock. The preferred stock may be issued from time
to time in one or more series with such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolutions adopted by the Corporation s Board providing for the
issuance of such preferred stock or series thereof. 

On June 6, 2014, Evolutionary Genomics, Inc., a Delaware corporation merged
with Fona, Inc. treated as a reverse acquisition with Evolutionary Genomics, Inc. as the acquirer and Fona as the acquired party. Subsequent
to the Merger, Fona, Inc. was renamed Evolutionary Genomics, Inc. and our subsidiary was renamed from Evolutionary Genomics, Inc. to EG
Crop Science, Inc. On May 9, 2016, we formed ICAM Therapeutics, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) as a wholly owned subsidiary of Evolutionary
Genomics, Inc. We have not incurred any transactions in this company nor have we established any business plan for the future. 

The Company maintains headquarters at the office of its Chief Executive
Officer. The Company maintains a website at www.evolgen.com. The Company is not required to deliver an annual report to security holders
and at this time does not anticipate the distribution of such a report. The Company will file reports with the SEC. 

On August 14, 2000, the Company was issued patent number 6274319, titled
 Methods to identify evolutionarily significant changes in polynucleotide and polypeptide sequences in domestic plants and animals .
On June 1, 2004, the Company was issued patent number 6743580, titled Methods for producing transgenic plants containing evolutionarily
significant polynucleotides . These patents are for the core Adapted Traits Platform that we use for the discovery of genes in humans,
animals and commercial crops. The Company has applied the Adapted Traits Platform in research projects including identifying genes believed
to be responsible for increases in yield in corn, increases in yield in rice, salt tolerance and sugar content in tomatoes and pest/disease
resistance in soybeans, bananas and multiple other crops. 

Advances in genetic research and modification of crop species have led
to increased yield, drought tolerance and disease/pest resistance. In addition, mergers and consolidation within the industry has led
to fewer competitors among the seed and production companies. The largest companies control much of the implementation of new plant varieties
through patents and licensing agreements. Genetic traits providers, like Evolutionary Genomics, identify and develop genes that impact
traits of interest to the industry and market those genes to these companies. 

1 

EG Technology The Adapted Traits Platform ATP 

Genomics research generates vast amounts
of sequence data for thousands of genes. Some companies use this sequence data to try to predict the function of each gene and its potential
to impact key traits. Others try to match the thousands of random deoxyribonucleic acid 
 DNA changes between individuals with differences in traits. Evolutionary Genomics 
approach is to first narrow the search to genes that have undergone adaptive evolution (positively selected genes) in an organism that
has an adapted trait of potential commercial value. To identify genes with impact on commercially desirable traits, Evolutionary Genomics
screens first for positively selected genes. Evolutionary Genomics then focuses functional genomics efforts on demonstrating the effects
of these genes on the desired traits. 

Evolutionary Genomics uses the Adapted Traits Platform to perform high
throughput molecular evolution analysis to identify positively selected genes based on Ka/Ks analysis (as defined below). Ka/Ks analysis
was developed to document the role of positive selection on known protein coding genes. Molecular-level adaptive evolution is indicated
when comparisons of homologous protein coding sequences from closely related species show that the number of amino acid differences fixed
due to selection exceeds what can be expected by neutral evolution. Molecular-level positive selection can be detected in protein-coding
genes by pairwise comparisons of the ratios of non-synonymous nucleotide substitutions per non-synonymous site (Ka) to synonymous substitutions
per synonymous site (Ks). The algorithm, by comparing substitutions per site, takes into account, in rigorous fashion, the effect of bias
and degeneracy in the genetic code, and also compensates for the effects of multiple hits at the same site. Ka/Ks ratios significantly
greater than unity strongly suggest that positive selection has fixed greater numbers of amino acid replacements than can be expected
as a result of chance alone. 

Dr. Walter Messier, a Company founder and our Chief Science Officer, published
a seminal paper in the field: Messier and Stewart (1997) Episodic adaptive evolution of primate lysozymes Nature 385:151-154.
The work described in this publication demonstrated that a known lysozyme gene that had been recruited for a new function to aid in digestion
of leaves as a food source in certain monkeys had the kind of adaptive genetic changes indicating that the lysozyme gene had evolved more
rapidly than the neutral substitution rate, indicating Darwinian positive selection. Many groups have used such methods to document Darwinian
positive selection in other proteins. It was Dr. Messier s insight that genes controlling a trait of interest could be identified
by using molecular evolution analysis as a screen, comparing genes in a species with a trait to genes of a closely related species lacking
the trait. The adapted genes found in such a screen could then be validated to determine their role in the presence or absence of the
trait of interest. 

Business Model 

Evolutionary Genomics primary source of revenue through March 31,
2020 had been contract services revenue for research performed by Evolutionary Genomics on behalf of other commercial entities and grant
income received from governmental agencies, industry associations and grant making foundations for research performed. Ownership of the
intellectual property in these projects varies from Evolutionary Genomics retaining all intellectual property rights to retaining none
of the developed intellectual property for the crop that is the subject of the project. In addition to contract services revenue for research,
Evolutionary Genomics intends to continue to pursue grant funding from governmental agencies, industry associations and grant making foundations.
These sources of funding are often subject to limitations in available funds, funding priorities in areas other than our area of focus,
political uncertainties, long approval processes and competition with other research proposals. 

The single most valuable step in the process of crop improvement is the
identification of the key genes among the 30,000 or more in the genome that have the desired impact. The Company has identified pest/disease
resistance genes in bananas, soybeans and other commercially valuable crops. If validation testing of these genes is successful, we will
market them to the industry. This strategy requires Evolutionary Genomics to incur significant research costs prior to any confirmation
of commercial viability and there can be no guarantee that the desired results can be achieved or that commercialization can be reached. 

The goal of the grant funded research projects was to discover genetic
intellectual properties with commercial value. Evolutionary Genomics soybean pest resistance project is a multiple year illustration
of the evolution of a project from concept through marketing to seed companies. The project has yielded identified genes for pest resistance
in soybeans with partial validation complete. Evolutionary Genomics has partially completed two generation, whole plant validation testing
but has decided to postpone further testing indefinitely to focus resources on our banana project. The Company has extended this soybean
pest resistance research to other crops including beans, tomatoes, cotton and maize and has identified candidate genes. Further research
on these crops is dependent on revenue from our banana project or additional capital funding. If we are able to complete additional validation
testing, we intend to market these genes to the seed industry. 

2 

Our banana pest resistance project is another project illustration. We
identified a gene (FusR1) in bananas that appears to confer resistance to Fusarium Fungus which leads to Panama Disease. We marketed the
gene to banana companies and, in August 2020, executed a Development and Commercialization Agreement DCA with Dole Food
Company Dole which includes development work funded by Dole and the framework for a long-term licensing relationship.
While Dole is supplying significant funding for the development of this banana gene in the form of promissory notes, there can be no assurance
that this development work will lead to licensing revenue as there are many risks involved in genetic trait development. 

Licensing revenue can be lump sum payments, milestone payments upon achievement
of defined goals and/or percentages of revenue for products sold by licensee. These payments are often many years after completion of
gene identification project as licensees engage in significant additional testing including field trials prior to integration into licensee
commercial germplasm lines. There can be no guarantee that these licensing agreements will result in any additional revenue for Evolutionary
Genomics as further development of licensed intellectual property is mostly controlled by the licensee. 

Evolutionary Genomics Banana Project 

During the 1950s the global banana industry was devastated by a disease
(caused by Fusarium fungus) that effectively wiped out the predominate variety of commercial bananas know as Gros Michel leading to the
development of the Cavendish banana, which makes up well over 90 of the commercial banana market today. Cavendish was resistant to the
strain of Fusarium that wiped out the Gros Michel variety but, in recent years, is being challenged by a new race of Fusarium that threatens
to, once again, devastate the global banana industry. The recent emergence of TR4 Panama Disease in the Western Hemisphere makes a swift
solution to the crisis even more urgent. A substantial part of the banana market consists of exports from Central and South America to
the United States. 

In 2018, the Company began a project to identify genes in wild banana relatives
that are resistant to Fusarium. We have previously used our technology to identify genes in common beans and, in our project for the Bill
and Melinda Gates Foundation in common beans, proved that these genes provided increased resistance to Fusarium fungus. We used our platform
to isolate a banana gene that controls Fusarium Wilt (FW), aka Panama Disease, Tropical Race 4. The gene, which we have named FusR1 (Fusarium
Resistance 1), is a native gene in Musa species, including cultivated bananas. We have found that, for all FW-resistant banana cultivars/species
that we have tested, one version of our gene exists while, in all FW-sensitive banana cultivars/species that we have tested, there is
a different version of FusR1. And notably, a third version exists in semi-resistant varieties that has allowed us to identify the particular
nucleotide changes that are crucial for resistance to Fusarium Wilt. 

We have successfully introduced FusR1 into cultivated bananas using a gene
transformation approach in a project at the University of Wisconsin Madison. Of the transformed events that were produced in the
transformation stage, roughly half survived to the testable stage and we have been testing those events for Fusarium resistance over the
last several months. Through the date of this report roughly half of those testable events remain untested, one-quarter were discarded
as being susceptible and one-quarter have shown some resistance to Fusarium. We expect to receive additional test results over the next
three months that may eliminate some of the events that have shown promise and/or may reveal additional events with promise. 

The testing to date has included one to six plants per event which is not
enough to advance to commercial production. We have begun replication of the promising events for field trials which will likely take
2-1/2 to 3 years to complete. In addition to testing for Fusarium resistance, plants will be observed for any changes in other traits
such as fruit yield or taste. Many others are working on potential genetic and/or traditional breeding solutions. There can be no assurance
that any of these events will result in plants that can be advanced for commercial production or that we can be competitive with solutions
provided by others. 

We believe that, given the threat of possible extinction for Cavendish,
rapid approaches are not only warranted but essential and minimally genetically edited bananas will be accepted depending upon how the
gene transfer is accomplished. Transfer of this native banana gene to cultivated bananas can also be accomplished with CRISPR technology,
which allows a targeted, gene transfer and which, as compared to more traditional genetic editing techniques, minimizes potential side
effects. We believe that Cavendish bananas can be rendered Fusarium Wilt resistant by changing only a few base pairs. These sorts of minimal
changes have been allowed by the USDA and FDA in several crops. Even in Europe, use of CRISPR technology has gained some traction. To
date, we have not used the CRISPR approach to produce resistant plants. 

3 

On June 26, 2019, we filed a United States patent application titled IDENTIFICATION
AND RESISTANCE GENES FROM WILD RELATIVES OF BANANA AND THEIR USES IN CONTROLLING PANAMA DISEASE. We are awaiting review of these patents
by the United States Patent Office. During 2021 and 2022, we filed patents in Europe, Africa, South and Central America, Australia and
Asia and are awaiting review of those as well. 

On August 19, 2020, the Company entered into a Development and Commercialization
Agreement DCA with Dole Food Company for the development of plant varieties within the Musa genus of the Musaceae family
(including the Cavendish variety of banana) that exhibit resistance to Fusarium Wilt Tropical Race 4 (popularly known as Panama Disease).
Subject to compliance with various provisions of the agreement, the agreement includes partial working capital funding from Dole to the
Company through 2024. In addition to working capital funding, Dole reimburses the Company for the development of banana plants and Dole
will incur additional costs for the commercialization of plants upon successful completion of the development portion of this project.
From the effective date of the agreement, the Company has received 1,600,000 of working capital funding and 1,943,747 of development
costs pursuant to this agreement in the form of promissory notes. Per the Agreement, 50 of future royalties may be offset with the research
funding provided by Dole. In the event that Dole terminates the agreement for material breach by the Company or the Company s bankruptcy,
the Company must repay all funding provided by Dole within six months of termination. The parties have agreed to negotiate the terms of
the long-term license agreement upon successful completion of the development portion of this project. 

Upon successful completion of validation testing and field trials by Dole,
under the terms of the agreement with Dole, we expect to negotiate a long-term royalty contract for the commercialization of banana plants
using our genes. This licensing arrangement will likely be exclusively with Dole and contain royalty payments based on the number of plants
and/or hectares of plants. Even if EG s genes are proven to be effective, it is difficult to predict the future revenue stream that
any licensing arrangement can generate and will be heavily dependent upon the speed with which Panama Disease spreads throughout the world
necessitating a solution and any changes in the price of bananas based on supply and demand. Many articles are available in the public
realm detailing the significance of the disease and the spread throughout the world. 

Since bananas are seedless, they are propagated by clones which allows
for very rapid production of plants. An initial batch of 100 successful plants can generate a secondary propagation of over 15,000 plants
in one year (enough for 10 hectares) and 15 million in the next generation. There are over 400,000 hectares of banana production in Latin
America from Mexico to Peru. Adoption of the new variety will be dependent upon its effectiveness and the infection rate of Panama disease. 

There are many risks associated with achieving these desired results including
but not limited to: 

- We may not be able to adequately establish patent protection for our intellectual property or others may have competing claims. 

- Others may develop competitive approaches to compete with our genes. 

- Our genes may cause unforeseen and undesirable changes beyond the pest resistance such as yield degradation or changes in the appearance
or taste of the fruit. 

- Our genes may fail to deliver the desired results of resistance to Fusarium. 

- Global regulations and/or consumer preference may prevent the successful commercial launch of bananas with genetics changed using
our methods. 

- We will be dependent on others for the successful production and marketing of bananas with our genes and many factors will be outside
of our control. 

- Our expected future royalty revenue will be highly dependent upon the successful execution of the banana development project in the
DCA with Dole and the negotiation of a long-term royalty licensing agreement. 

While Panama Disease 1) is potentially existential to the banana industry,
2) has no known treatment and 3) is not yet widespread, Black Sigatoka Disease is a different disease that is very wide-spread and is
treated with toxins at a cost of up to 2,300 per hectare per year. We spent the last two years researching wild banana plants to identify
a gene that could potentially be used to develop plants that are resistant to Black Sigatoka with no or reduced use of toxins. We are
in the early stages of developing this gene and others are working on competing approaches. There is no guarantee that this will lead
to commercial success. Like our FusR1 project, transformation and validation can be very expensive and, if we do not receive licensing
revenue from our FusR1 gene, we will need funding from either grants or potential customers or additional capital from investors, none
of which can be assured. 

4 

Evolutionary Genomics Soybean Project 

On April 29, 2014, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued
patent 8,710,300 titled EXPRESSION OF DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS ENHANCES PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS. On December
5, 2017 and March 3, 2020, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued additional patents which extended the previous patent
to include additional variations of the gene. We have filed additional patents in multiple countries that are at various stages of processing.
On January 18, 2022, the Company filed a patent application on its second soybean pest/disease resistance gene, EG19, and has included
that gene in its ongoing two generation, whole plant validation research. The Company has also discovered additional candidate genes that
may impact pathogen resistance. There can be no assurance that any of these genes will be proven effective in validation testing or lead
to licensing agreements or revenue. 

We entered into a Service Agreement with the Wisconsin Crop Innovation
Center WCIC under which they have transformed soybeans using our genes and helped to establish the right combinations
to achieve a range of expression. WCIC grew events from seven constructs of EG261 and EG19 in their greenhouses. The testing of these
T2 generation seedlings at the University of Missouri is partially complete but we have indefinitely suspended work on these genes to
focus our resources on our banana projects. If we resume these projects and results from the whole plant validation trials confirm the
findings of the University of Wisconsin-Madison for EG261 and the effectiveness of the new gene, EG19, the Company intends to enter negotiations
for a long-term research collaboration and licensing agreement with seed companies. The testing phase includes field trials which may
proceed for several years prior to generating licensing revenue. There are many risks in this process including some that are outside
of Evolutionary Genomics control and there can be no guarantee that we will ever generate any revenue from these potential agreements. 

Competition 

Evolutionary Genomics competition is very broad from the largest
seed companies and producing companies to the smallest grower who is successful in breeding new, improved varieties. These same competitors
are also Evolutionary Genomics customers as we seek to license intellectual property for commercialization into their production lines.
Many of these companies are exponentially larger with many more resources at their disposal and there can be no assurance that EG can
continue to compete with them or interest them in licensing our intellectual property. 

Patents 

Evolutionary Genomics is the owner of the following issued patents: 

Patent/App Serial # 
 Jurisdiction 
 Title 
 Filing Date 
 Issue Date 
 Expire Date 
 
 8710300 / 13949035 
 United States 
 EXPRESSION OF DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS ENHANCES PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS 
 7/23/2013 
 4/29/2014 
 7/23/2033 
 
 9834783/ 13901071 
 United States 
 DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS AND THEIR USES FOR PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS 
 5/23/2013 
 12/5/2017 
 5/23/2033 
 
 10577625/ 15800179 
 United States 
 DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS AND THEIR USES FOR PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS 
 11/1/2017 
 3/3/2020 
 11/1/2037 
 
 9,605,274 / 14/479,550 
 United States 
 DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS AND THEIR USES FOR PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS 
 9/8/2014 
 3/28/2017 
 9/8/2034 
 
 AR091160B1 / P130101827 
 Argentina 
 DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS AND THEIR USES FOR PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS 
 5/24/2013 
 6/8/2021 
 5/24/2033 
 
 2872128 
 Canada 
 DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS AND THEIR USES FOR PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS 
 5/23/2013 
 9/19/2017 
 5/23/2033 
 
 112014029381-3 
 Brazil 
 DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS AND THEIR USES FOR PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS 
 5/23/2013 
 9/19/2017 
 5/23/2033 
 
 ZL201380039727.4 
 China 
 DIRIGENT GENE EG261 AND ITS ORTHOLOGS AND PARALOGS AND THEIR USES FOR PATHOGEN RESISTANCE IN PLANTS 
 5/23/2013 
 7/25/2017 
 5/23/2033 

5 

Material Agreements 

Effective March 1, 2012, Evolutionary Genomics entered into an Agreement
for Contract Services with Smith Bucklin Corporation (the Contractor on behalf of the United Soybean Board. The contract
includes the payment of certain royalties, as defined in the Agreement. Evolutionary Genomics retains all ownership of patents and intellectual
property developed in the project and is obligated to pay royalties to the United Soybean Board of ten percent of the sale of products
derived from the soybean genes that were the subject of the research performed or from royalties received from the sale of products by
a third party not to exceed 150 of the total amount paid to Evolutionary Genomics under this Agreement. Evolutionary Genomics recognized
revenue of 262,400 from this contract, thus limiting any future royalties to a total of 393,600. The project term has expired but the
royalty provisions remain in perpetuity. 

On February 21, 2015 the Company entered into the Sponsored Research Contract
with The Curators of the University of Missouri for phenotyping of transgenic soybean samples on a per unit basis. We expect to continue
this contract and will likely have additional amounts payable but the amount is indeterminable. Evolutionary Genomics retains sole ownership
of all patents and intellectual property, royalty free for all materials (including previously identified genes) related to this project. 

On August 19, 2020, the Company entered into the DCA with Dole for the
development of our banana genes. The DCA provides for payments from Dole to the Company of 800,000 upon execution, 800,000 by the twelve-month
anniversary, 250,000 by the thirty-six month anniversary and 250,000 by the forty-eight month anniversary. Dole will also reimburse
the Company for costs incurred at the University of Wisconsin-Madison UW not to exceed 2,200,000 in coordination with
the Standard Research Agreement that the Company entered into with UW on September 18, 2020 which includes payments from the Company to
UW in the amount of 2,159,719 over the two-year expected term of the project. If the UW research is successful, Dole expects to incur
costs of 750,000 to perform field trials. 

The DCA also specifies that the Company will execute notes payable to Dole
for the funding that Dole is providing up to 5,050,000. Through December 31, 2021, the Company executed notes
for 800,000, 800,000, 1,295,831 and 647,916 under this DCA and recorded them as a long-term notes payable for financial statement
purposes. There were no new notes in the year ended December 31, 2022. The notes are non-interest bearing and allow Dole to offset fifty
percent of future royalty payments to the Company by reducing the amount of principal due on these notes. Other than this offset of future
royalty payments, repayment of principal and interest is only required in the case of termination of the DCA by Dole for cause. 

On September 18, 2020, the Company entered into a Standard Research Agreement
with WCIC for the development of our banana genes. The agreement includes payments from the Company in the amount of 2,159,719 over the
two-year expected term of the project. These costs will be reimbursed, in the form of notes payable by Dole in accordance with our DCA.

The Company entered into a Service Agreement with WCIC for the maintenance
and shipment of banana plants which includes unit pricing for services rendered and is expected to be completed by March 31, 2023. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, 59,330 of cost was incurred under this contract and was reimbursed by Dole. 

On April 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Service Agreement with the
University of Wisconsin-Madison for the testing of banana plants which includes payments of 143,124 of which 128,811 were paid in the
year ended December 31, 2022 and reimbursed by Dole. 

Trademarks 

Evolutionary Genomics has no registered trademarks. 

Employees 

Evolutionary Genomics had two full time employees and two part time employees
as of December 31, 2022. 

Facilities 

The Company leases its operating facility on a month-to-month basis, with
monthly rental installments of 2,378. Renewals are by mutual agreement. 

6 

Legal Proceedings 

Evolutionary Genomics is not currently involved in or aware of any threatened
or actual legal proceedings. 

Capitalization 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 780,000,000
shares of Common Stock and up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 6,655,232 shares of Common
Stock outstanding, 577,063 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock Series A-1 outstanding and 189,337 shares of Series A-2
Preferred Stock Series A-2 outstanding. Both Series A-1 and Series A-2 are convertible into shares of Common Stock on
a one share for one share basis. 1,400,000 shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company s 2015
Stock Incentive Plan. Option grants have been issued for 340,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.55 per share, 133,333
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.83 per share, 490,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.50 per share,
150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.65 per share, 180,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.00 per
share, 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.30 per share and 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price
of 3.50 per share. Options for 306,667 shares have been exercised, 158,333 have been cancelled and option grants of 1,028,333 shares
remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Liquidation: Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A-1 and Series A-2 shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company
for each share of Series A-1 and Series A-2 an amount equal to its stated value, 5.25 per share plus any accrued but unpaid dividends
before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any other class or series of stock of the Company that ranks junior
to the Series A-1 and Series A-2. The holders shall be entitled to convert their shares of Series A-1 and Series A-2 into Common Stock
at any time prior to the consummation of a Liquidation. 

The Corporation is required to establish a segregated non-interest bearing
trust account (the Sinking Fund Account for the benefit of the Holders. 50 of all licensing fees received by the Corporation
shall be deposited in the Sinking Fund Account within five (5) Business Days of receipt of any such fees by the Corporation. In the event
that the amount of cash in the Sinking Fund Account exceeds the liquidation preference of all issued and outstanding shares of Series
A-1 and Series A-2 Preferred Stock not previously redeemed or converted pursuant to the terms hereof, the Corporation shall deliver a
notice to the Holders (the Mandatory Redemption Notice and the date such notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the Mandatory
Redemption Notice Date of its obligation to redeem all of the then outstanding shares of Series A-1 and Series A-2 Preferred Stock
(i) for cash in an amount equal to the liquidation preference per share and (ii) by issuing such number of fully paid and nonassessable
whole shares of Common Stock as is obtained by multiplying (x) the number of shares of Series A-1 and Series A-2 Preferred Stock so to
be redeemed by (y) the liquidation preference per share of the Series A-1 and Series A-2 Preferred Stock, and then by dividing such product
by (z) the conversion price per share, payable and issuable, respectively, in full on the 5th Trading Day following the Mandatory Redemption
Notice Date. This is considered a contingent redemption feature. 

Conversion: The holders of Series A-1 and Series A-2 may convert their
shares at any time into shares of Common Stock at any time prior to the consummation of a liquidation, at the option of the holder, on
a one-share-for-one-share basis and shall be subject to certain adjustments. 

Optional Redemption; Sinking Fund Account: The Company may elect to redeem
some or all of the then outstanding shares of Series A-1 and Series A-2, (i) for cash in an amount equal to the liquidation preference
per share, 5.25 per share as of December 31, 2022, subject to adjustment and (ii) by issuing one share, subject to adjustment, of Common
Stock for each share of Series A-1 and Series A-2 outstanding being redeemed. 50 of all licensing fees received by the Company will be
deposited into a separate sinking fund for use in an optional redemption. As of December 31, 2022, no licensing revenue has been received
under these provisions and no sinking fund account has been established. 

Dividends: The Company shall pay to the holders of the Series A-1 and Series
A-2 dividends at the rate of 8 per annum multiplied by the amount invested. The dividend amount shall accrue and shall be payable in
shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series A-1 and Series A-2, or upon the redemption of the Series A-1 and Series A-2.
No dividends shall be paid on any Common Stock of the Company or any capital stock of the Company that ranks junior to the Series A-1
and Series A-2 until dividends of Series A-1 and Series A-2 has been paid. As of December 31, 2022, there were 1,835,089 in accrued preferred
stock dividends. 

Voting: The holders of the Series A-1 and Series A-2 are entitled to vote
on all matters submitted to the stockholders for a vote on an as-if-converted to Common Stock basis, with all stockholders voting as a
single class. 

7 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We may require substantial additional funding and may be unable to
raise capital when needed, which could force us to delay, reduce or eliminate planned activities or result in our inability to continue
as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 577,066 in operating cash and
expects that operating cash flow net of contractual reimbursements and notes payable funding from Dole for the year ending December 31,
2023 will be approximately 546,000. Management believes that there may not be enough cash to pay our expenses for one year beyond the
date of this report. Marketing of additional genes may lead to additional revenue and we have some flexibility to reduce operating costs
but we may require additional capital. These factors create substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our future capital requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly
as a result of, many factors, including: 

the duration and results of the research projects; 

unexpected delays or costs incurred in the acquisition of plant materials needed in these research projects and with subcontracts
that perform various parts of these projects; 

the time and cost in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims; 

other unexpected developments encountered in implementing our business development, research development and commercialization strategies;
and 

further arrangements, if any, with collaborators. 

We may attempt to raise additional funds through public or private financings,
collaborations with other companies or financing from other sources. Additional funding may not be available on terms which are acceptable
to us or at all. If adequate funding is not available to us on reasonable terms, we may need to delay, reduce or eliminate one or more
of our research and development projects or obtain funds on terms less favorable than we would otherwise accept. To the extent that additional
capital is raised through the sale of equity securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities, the issuance
of those securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. Moreover, the incurrence of debt financing could result in a substantial
portion of our future operating cash flow, if any, being dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness and could
impose restrictions on our operations. This could render us more vulnerable to competitive pressures and economic downturns. 

In addition, if we do not meet our payment obligations to third parties
as they come due, we may be subject to litigation claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could
result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and may result in unfavorable results that could further adversely impact
our financial condition. 

We have relied on the availability of grant funding to fund some
of our research efforts and our inability to compete successfully for these limited grant funding opportunities may significantly affect
our results of operations and our ability to complete research projects. 

We have traditionally funded many of our research projects, partially or
wholly, using grant funding provided by government programs, industry associations and grant making institutions. The availability of
these funds is impacted by many factors including changing political priorities, fiscal budget issues, agency priorities, availability
of funds and competition from other grant seekers. Our ability to present proposals that fit within grant making guidelines and which
are attractive relative to other proposals submitted may significantly impact our ability to fund our research projects. 

8 

Efforts to protect our intellectual property rights and to defend
claims against us can increase our costs and will not always succeed; any failures could adversely affect profitability or restrict our
ability to do business. 

Intellectual property rights are crucial to our business. We endeavor to
obtain and protect our intellectual property rights in jurisdictions in which products are produced from the biotechnology that we produce
and in jurisdictions into which those products are imported. Different nations may provide limited rights and inconsistent duration of
protection for our intellectual property. We may be unable to obtain protection for our intellectual property in key jurisdictions. Even
if protection is obtained, competitors, farmers or others may raise legal challenges to our rights or illegally infringe on our rights,
including through means that may be difficult to prevent or detect. In addition, because of the rapid pace of technological change, and
the confidentiality of patent applications in some jurisdictions, competitors may be issued patents from applications that were unknown
to us prior to issuance. These patents could reduce the value of our commercial or pipeline biotechnology or, to the extent they cover
key technologies on which we have unknowingly relied, require that we seek to obtain licenses or cease using the technology, no matter
how valuable to our business. We cannot assure we would be able to obtain such a license on acceptable terms. In addition, patent laws
are subject to change and any change in our ability to protect the intellectual property that we develop may impact our ability to commercialize
that intellectual property. The extent to which we succeed or fail in our efforts to protect our intellectual property will affect our
costs, sales and other results of operations. 

Genes that we have discovered and may discover in the future with
expected desirable impact on traits may, upon further research and field trials, be revealed to also have undesirable impact on traits. 

Evolutionary Genomics gene discovery process focuses on the identification
of positively selected genes that impact the trait of interest that we are working on. When we further test them in lab validation, we
are again focused on whether they have the desired impact on the trait of interest and we are specifically testing for that outcome. Laboratory
experiments are under more ideal circumstances than field trials and use in production and there can be no guarantee that the lab result
will be repeated under those conditions. Additional field trials and use in production may also reveal undesirable impacts on other traits
that were not a focused part of our research. For example, the soybean or banana genes that we have discovered may be found to have a
negative impact on yield. These may impact our ability to realize revenue from the commercialization of our biotechnology and may expose
us to liability for undesirable outcomes that we don t anticipate. 

Undesirable results from our ongoing research may result in expensing
of our acquired research in progress. 

We currently carry 4,016,596 (gross) of acquired research in progress
on our balance sheet as an intangible asset subject to amortization. Upon executing our DCA with Dole, we began amortization of this asset
in the year ended December 31, 2020. If this project produces undesirable results, we may need to expense the intangible asset. 

Others may find additional genes or other methods of accomplishing
the same desired outcome that our biotechnology does, rendering our biotechnology less valuable or commercializable. 

There are many other companies pursuing similar gene discovery programs
and other approaches to solving the same issues that we are addressing and many of these companies have vastly more resources than we
do. Even when we identify genes that impact desired traits, there may be other genes that have a similar or greater effect on these traits.
For example, one or more of the other genes in soybeans and bananas may have an impact on pest/disease resistance similar to our genes
or there may be other orthologs of the genes that we have discovered in other varieties that have a greater impact. In addition, other
companies may develop commercial chemicals that compete with genetic changes to solve the issues that we are addressing. Any of these
may impact our ability to realize revenue from the commercialization of our biotechnology. 

9 

The successful development of our research efforts and commercialization
of our biotechnology will be necessary for our growth and profitability. 

We intend to use recent successes in which we have identified genes that
may have an impact on pest/disease resistance in soybeans and bananas and look for similar genes in other crops. This research may result
in significant costs incurred without any commercial value produced. We also intend to attempt to improve the potential pest/disease resistance
genes we have identified. Even if we find effective genes, we may not be able to find a commercial market for them. There can be no assurance
we will be able to achieve any improvement and performing this research may also result in significant costs incurred without any commercial
value produced. The processes of breeding, biotechnology trait discovery and development and trait integration are lengthy and a very
small percentage of the genes identified in research are selected for commercialization. The length of time and the risk associated with
the breeding and biotech pipelines are interlinked because both are required as a package for commercial success in markets where biotech
traits are approved for growers. Commercial success frequently depends on being the first company to the market, and many of our competitors
are also making considerable investments in similar new biotechnology. Consequently, if we are not able to fund extensive research and
development activities and deliver new products to the markets we serve on a timely basis, our growth and operations will be harmed including,
but not limited to, the possible impairment of our intangible assets. 

We rely heavily on our founder, Walter Messier, our current Chief
Science Officer. The loss of his services would have a material adverse effect upon us and our business and prospects. 

Our success depends, to a significant extent, upon the continued services
of Walter Messier, who is a founder of Evolutionary Genomics and our current Chief Science Officer. Since inception, we have been dependent
upon Dr. Messier, who is the inventor on most of our patents and responsible for the development of our core Adapted Traits Platform.
If Dr. Messier or any key management personnel resign to join a competitor or form a competing company, the loss of such personnel, together
with the loss of any customers or potential customers due to such executive s departure, could materially and adversely affect our
business and results of operations. 

We are dependent on a technically trained workforce and an inability
to retain or effectively recruit such employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our ability to compete effectively depends largely on our ability to attract
and retain certain key personnel, including additional researchers that we intend to hire in order to pursue our planned research projects.
Industry demand for such skilled employees, however, exceeds the number of personnel available, and the competition for attracting and
retaining these employees is intense. Because of this intense competition for skilled employees, we may be unable to retain our existing
personnel or attract additional qualified employees to keep up with future business needs. If this should happen, our business, operating
results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we intend to hire business development and marketing personnel
and advisors to promote and market the biotechnology that we develop. We cannot assure you that we will be able to recruit and retain
qualified personnel and advisors to perform these functions. Our inability to hire and then retain such personnel, advisors and scientists
could have a materially adverse effect on our business and our projects. 

We may not obtain the
necessary permits and authorizations to operate our business. 

We may not be able to obtain or maintain the necessary licenses, permits,
authorizations or accreditations, or may only be able to do so at great cost. In addition, we may not be able to comply fully with the
wide variety of laws and regulations applicable to the agricultural industry. Failure to comply with or to obtain the necessary licenses,
permits, authorizations or accreditations could result in restrictions on our ability to operate our business, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

10 

Competition in agricultural biotechnology has significantly affected
and will continue to affect our revenue and results of operations. 

Many companies engage in research and development of plant biotechnology
and breeding and speed in getting a new product to market can be a significant competitive advantage. Our competitors success could
render the biotechnology that we identify as less competitive, resulting in reduced sales compared to our expectations or past results.
We expect to see increasing competition from agricultural biotechnology firms and from major agrichemical, seed and food companies. The
extent to which we can realize cash and profit from our business will depend on our ability to control research costs, predict and respond
effectively to competitor products and marketing; and develop new products and services attractive to our customers. 

Our customers are subject to extensive regulation affecting their
use of our biotechnology, which may affect our revenue and profitability. 

Regulatory and legislative requirements affect the development and distribution
of products made from the biotechnology that we produce, including the testing and planting of seeds containing our biotechnology traits
and the import of crops grown from those seeds, and non-compliance can harm our revenue and profitability. Obtaining testing, planting
and import approvals for seeds or biotechnology traits can be time-consuming and costly, with no guarantee of success. The failure to
receive necessary permits or approvals could have near- and long-term effects on our ability to sell some current and future biotechnology.
Concern about unintended but unavoidable trace amounts (sometimes called adventitious presence of commercial biotechnology
traits in conventional (non-biotechnology) seed, or in the grain or products produced from conventional or organic crops, among other
things, could lead to increased regulation or legislation, which may include: liability transfer mechanisms that may include financial
protection insurance; possible restrictions or moratoria on testing, planting or use of biotechnology traits; and requirements for labeling
and traceability, which requirements may cause food processors and food companies to avoid biotechnology and select non-biotechnology
crop sources and can affect farmer seed purchase decisions and, ultimately the sale and use of the biotechnology that we produce. Legislation
encouraging or discouraging the planting of specific crops can also harm our sales. 

The degree of public acceptance or perceived public acceptance of
products made from our biotechnology can affect our sales and results of operations by affecting planting approvals, regulatory requirements
and farmer purchase decisions. 

Some opponents of the use of biotechnology in agriculture raise public
concern about the potential for adverse effects of products produced using genetic information that we provide to our customers on human
or animal health, other plants and the environment. The potential for adventitious presence of commercial biotechnology traits in conventional
seed, or in the grain or products produced from conventional or organic crops, is another factor that can affect general public acceptance
of these traits. Public concern can affect the timing of, and whether our customers are able to obtain, government approvals. Even after
approvals are granted, public concern may lead to increased regulation or legislation or litigation concerning prior regulatory approvals,
which could affect our sales and results of operations by affecting planting approvals and may adversely affect sales of our customers 
products to farmers, due to their concerns about available markets for the sale of crops or other products derived from biotechnology
which may lead to less demand from our customers. In addition, opponents of agricultural biotechnology have attacked farmers fields
and facilities used by agricultural biotechnology companies and may launch future attacks against farmers fields and our field
testing sites and research, production, or other facilities, which could affect our sales and our costs. 

We are dependent upon other companies to integrate biotechnology
that we have licensed to them into their breeding operations for our future license revenue. 

We perform research for other entities under grant and research agreements
that provide service revenue. In addition to the service revenue, our long-term profitability depends on the commercialization of the
biotechnology that we provide to other companies for their commercial breeding lines. The extent to which our biotechnology is integrated
into these breeding lines is largely outside of our control and can take many years. If our biotechnology is not integrated into breeding
lines, we may not realize license revenue which may affect our results of operations. 

11 

The biotechnology industry is subject to rapid technological change,
and if we fail to keep up with such change, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

Biotechnology has undergone and is subject to rapid and significant change.
We expect that the technologies associated with biotechnology research and development will continue to develop rapidly. Our failure to
keep pace with such rapid change could result in our products becoming obsolete and we may be unable to recoup any expenses incurred with
developing such products, which may adversely affect our future revenues and financial condition. 

The Company may be required to expend substantial sums in order to
bring it into compliance with the various reporting requirements applicable to public companies and/or to prepare required financial statements,
and such efforts may harm operating results or be unsuccessful altogether. 

We are subject to many of the requirements applicable to public companies,
including Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires that the Company evaluate and report
on its system of internal controls. If the Company s finance and accounting staff or internal controls over financial reporting
are inadequate, it may be required to hire additional staff and incur substantial legal and accounting costs to address such inadequacies.
Moreover, the Company cannot be certain that its remedial measures to correct current material weaknesses will be effective. Any failure
to implement required or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm the Company s operating
results or increase its risk of material weaknesses in internal controls. 

Members of our management team have significant influence over us. 

Our officers and directors own, directly or indirectly approximately 29.3 
of the outstanding shares of common and preferred stock, excluding options. Including options and warrants, our officers and directors
own, directly or indirectly, approximately 36.4 of the outstanding shares of common stock. These stockholders, therefore, have a controlling
influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including
Mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, election of directors, and other significant corporate
actions. The interests of these stockholders may differ from the interests of our other stockholders. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Nevada law may have
anti-takeover effects that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, which may cause our stock price to decline. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and law could make it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if closing such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. We are authorized
to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may
be determined at the time of issuance by our board of directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred
stock may include voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation,
conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. We currently have 577,063 shares of Series A-1 preferred stock issued and
outstanding and 189,337 shares of Series A-2 preferred stock issued and outstanding. The issuance of any preferred stock could materially
adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock and existing holders of preferred stock, and therefore, reduce the value
of those securities. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability
to merge with, or sell our assets to, a third party and thereby preserve control by the present management. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and law also
could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control,
including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to
replace or remove our management. In particular, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws and law, as applicable, among other things: 

provide the board of directors with the ability to alter the bylaws without stockholder approval; 

place limitations on the removal of directors; 

provide that the Board of Directors may change the size of the Board; and 

provide that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 

12 

These provisions may delay or prevent someone from acquiring or merging
with us, which may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We do not foresee paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future
and, as a result, our investors sole source of gain, if any, will depend on capital appreciation, if any. 

We do not plan to declare or pay any cash dividends on our shares of common
stock in the foreseeable future and currently intend to retain any future earnings for funding growth. As a result, investors should not
rely on an investment in our securities if they require the investment to produce dividend income. Capital appreciation, if any after
payments due to preferred shareholders, of our shares may be investors sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Moreover,
investors may not be able to resell their shares of our common stock at or above the price they paid for them. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss
carry-forwards and certain other tax attributes is limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Subject to certain limitations, a corporation may offset a net operating
loss carryforward against profit earned in a future year to determine its U.S. federal income tax expenses for such year. Sections 382
and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 limit a corporation s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and certain
other tax attributes (including research credits) to offset future federal taxable income or tax if, in general, the corporation experiences
a cumulative ownership change of more than 50 over any rolling three-year period. State net operating loss carryforwards (and certain
other tax attributes) may be similarly limited. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded no state tax liability. An ownership
change can therefore result in significantly greater tax liabilities than a corporation would incur in the absence of such a change and
any increased liabilities could adversely affect the corporation s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flow. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had available total federal and state
net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 11,965,000 plus additional net operating losses generated in the year ending December
31, 2022. These NOL s expire at various intervals through the year 2037 except for the NOL s for the years ending after December
31, 2017 which have no expiration date. 

Additional ownership changes may occur in the future as a result of additional
equity offerings or events over which we will have little or no control, including purchases and sales of our equity by our five-percent
security holders, the emergence of new five-percent security holders, redemptions of our securities or certain changes in the ownership
of any of our five percent security holders. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish
inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research
and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research
coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price
for our stock would be negatively impacted. If we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of the analysts who
covers us downgrades our stock, or publishes unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or
more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which could
cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

13 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company has no owned properties and at this time has no agreements
to acquire any properties. The Company currently maintains a rent-free mailing address at 4220 Morning Star Drive, Castle Rock, CO 80108,
which is the address of the office of its Chief Executive Officer and lab facilities on lease at 1801 Sunset Place, Unit C, Longmont CO
80501. The Company leases its operating facility on a month-to-month basis, with monthly rental installments of 2,378. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is not a party to any pending legal proceedings, and no such
proceedings are known to be contemplated. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

There is only a very limited market for the Company's securities. The Company s
securities are included on the OTCQB under the symbol FNAM. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding options for 1,028,333 shares
of common stock. 

As of March 1, 2023, there were approximately 324 holders of the Company's
common stock. 

No cash dividends have been paid by the Company on any of its securities
since the renewal of its charter and such cash dividends are not contemplated in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with the Audited Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this 10-K. The following discussion includes certain forward-looking
statements. For a discussion of important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results referred to in
the forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

Recent Highlights of Evolutionary Genomics 

During 2019, we identified our FusR1 gene in bananas for disease resistance
and filed a patent application. 

During 2020, WCIC completed a project for the
Company to transform soybean plants using our EG261 and EG19 genes and to develop resulting plants through generation T2 seeds. 

During 2020, we entered into the DCA with Dole and a Research Agreement
 with WCIC for the development of the FusR1 gene and banana plants that are resistant to Panama Disease. 

During 2021 and 2022, we were successful at the University of Wisconsin in
transforming banana plants with our FusR1 gene and now have transformed plants growing in their greenhouses. 

During 2021, we discovered our SigX gene in banana plants that may provide
resistance to Black Sigatoka disease in bananas and filed patents on the gene. 

During 2022, our initial testing at the University of Wisconsin showed that
plants with our FusR1 gene exhibited some resistance to Fusarium Fungus. Additional testing and replication are needed to confirm these
initial tests prior to any commercialization. 

15 

Consolidated Results of Operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Amount 
 Percent of Revenue 
 Amount 
 Percent of Revenue 
 
 Revenue 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 417,450 
 N/A 
 1,234,215 
 N/A 
 
 Salaries and benefits 
 343,208 
 N/A 
 369,920 
 N/A 
 
 General and administrative 
 1,253,644 
 N/A 
 1,273,808 
 N/A 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,014,302 
 N/A 
 2,877,943 
 N/A 
 
 Operating loss 
 (2,014,302 
 N/A 
 (2,877,943 
 N/A 
 
 Other income 
 79,335 
 N/A 
 83,999 
 N/A 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Net loss 
 1,934,967 
 N/A 
 2,793,944 
 N/A 
 
 Preferred stock dividend 
 (313,293 
 N/A 
 (285,568 
 N/A 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 2,248,260 
 N/A 
 3,079,512 
 N/A 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses decreased 863,641, or 30.0 , to 2,014,302 for the
year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,877,943 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Operating expenses consist of research and development
expense, salaries and benefits and general and administrative expense. Changes in these items are described below. 

Research and Development 

Research and development decreased 816,765, or 66.2 , to 417,450 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,234,215 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreased costs
incurred on our research agreement with UW for the development of our FusR1 banana gene, decreased patent costs, decreased lab supplies
expense and decreased depreciation. The cost of the research agreement with UW is expensed as incurred in accordance with our DCA which
included 90 of the contract amount paid prior to December 31, 2021. These costs are funded by notes payable provided by Dole, the details
of which are described in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements. 

Salaries and Benefits 

Salaries and benefits decreased 26,712, or 7.2 , to 343,208 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 from 369,920 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to decreased stock compensation costs. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses decreased 20,164, or 1.6 , to 1,253,644
for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,273,808 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreased
insurance costs. General and administrative expense also includes 1,006,751 amortization of acquired research in progress for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The expected amortization for the year ending December 31, 2023 is 1,006,751 and will decline thereafter
as described in Note 5 of our consolidated financial statements. 

Other Income 

Total other income decreased 4,664, or 5.6 , to 79,335 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 from 83,999 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to forgiveness of PPP and EIDL loans
in the year ended December 31, 2021 partially offset by employee retention credits received in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

16 

Income Taxes 

Income tax benefit was 0 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net Loss 

Net loss decreased 858,977, or 30.7 , to 1,934,967 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 from 2,793,944 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreased costs for our banana
project, decreased costs for patents, lab supplies, depreciation and insurance partially offset by stock compensation costs. 

Financial Condition 

The Company s working capital increased 283,738 to 520,673 as of
December 31, 2022 from 236,935 as of December 31, 2021 primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred stock partially
offset by the net loss from operations. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company has historically financed operations through cash flows from
operations and equity transactions. Net cash used in operating activities was 640,947 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
 1,583,138 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 942,191, or 59.5 , decrease was primarily due to the decreased net operating loss.
Net cash provided from financing activities was 550,000 of proceeds from the issuance of common stock and 454,004 from the issuance
of preferred stock compared to 1,447,916 in proceeds from notes payable from Dole and 133,395 in proceeds from the PPP loan and the
EIDL in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 577,066
in operating cash and expects that operating cash flow net of contractual reimbursements and notes payable funding from Dole for the year
ending December 31, 2023 will be approximately 546,000. Management believes that there may not be enough cash to pay our expenses for
one year beyond the date of this report. Marketing of additional genes may lead to additional revenue and we have some flexibility to
reduce operating costs but we may require additional capital. These factors create substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as
a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result if the Company is unable
to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have a material
current effect, or that are reasonably likely to have a material future effect, on its financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 

Contractual Obligations 

The Company leases its operating facility on a month-to-month basis, with
monthly rental installments of 2,378. The Company s rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 26,157 and
 28,535, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

For a review of our critical accounting policies, please refer to our
audited financial statements. 

17 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

The information required by this item appears beginning on page F-1 following
the signature pages of this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There are no disagreements with the accountants on accounting and financial
disclosures. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s
management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as of the end of the period covered by this report,
the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be included in our reports to the
Securities and Exchange Commission is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and
Exchange Commission rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the period
covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective at these reasonable assurance levels for the reasons
stated below. 

The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable
cost-effective assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. There is no assurance that our disclosure controls or
our internal controls over financial reporting can prevent all errors. An internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error may occur and not be detected. We monitor our disclosure controls and internal controls and make modifications
as we believe appropriate given our financial resources and limited level of activities. Our intent in this regard is that our disclosure
controls and our internal controls will improve as systems change and conditions warrant. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their control objectives. Furthermore, smaller reporting companies such as the Company face additional limitations. Smaller
reporting companies employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to properly segregate duties. Often, one or two individuals control
every aspect of our operation and are in a position to override any system of internal control. Additionally, smaller reporting companies
tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls. 

Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control 
2013 Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation, our management, with the participation of the President, concluded that, as of December
31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weaknesses in the system of internal control
described below. 

18 

Specifically, management identified the following
control deficiencies: (1) the Company has not properly segregated duties as one or two individuals initiate, authorize, and complete all
transactions. The Company has not implemented measures that would prevent the individuals from overriding the internal control system.
(2) The Company has installed accounting software that does not prevent erroneous or unauthorized changes to previous reporting periods
and does not provide an adequate audit trail of entries made in the accounting software. (3) Due to the size of the Company and limited
personnel, the Company has not hired an individual with technical accounting expertise within the accounting function. 

Accordingly, while the Company has identified certain material weaknesses
in its system of internal control over financial reporting, it believes that it has taken reasonable cost-effective steps to ascertain
that the financial information contained in this report is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management has
determined that current resources would be appropriately applied elsewhere and when resources permit, they will alleviate material weaknesses
through various steps. 

Changes in internal controls 

Our Certifying Officers have indicated that there were no changes in our
internal controls over financial reporting or other factors that could significantly affect such controls subsequent to the date of his
evaluation, and there were no such control actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

19 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers and Directors 

The following table sets forth certain information concerning each of the
Company s directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Steve B. Warnecke 
 
 66 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President, CEO, CFO 
 
 Walter Messier 
 
 67 
 
 Treasurer, Secretary 
 
 Virginia Orndorff 
 
 72 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark Boggess 
 
 62 
 
 Director 

Compliance with Section 16 (a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with
the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a
review of such Forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no delinquent filers. 

Code of Conduct 

Committees 

We have not formed an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this report. Our Board of Directors performs the principal functions of an Audit
Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee financial expert on our Board of Directors. We believe that an audit committee
financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring an audit committee financial expert to act as one of our directors and to
be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee financial expert at this time. However, we intend
to implement a comprehensive corporate governance program, including establishing various board committees in the future. 

There are no agreements or understandings for any officer or director
to resign at the request of another person and none of the above-named officers and directors are acting on behalf of or will act at the
direction of any other person. 

There is no family relationship between any director or executive
officer of the Company. 

The board of directors presently has no committees. 

Set forth below are the names of all directors and executive officers
of the Company, all positions and offices with the Company held by each such person, the period during which he has served as such, and
the business experience of such persons during at least the last five years: 

Steve B. Warnecke was appointed Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer,
Secretary and member of the board of directors of the Company on June 6, 2014, and became its principal executive officer as President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board on October 1, 2014. Mr. Warnecke has served as a member of the board of directors of
Evolutionary Genomics since September 2010 and was appointed as Chief Executive Officer in November 2010. Mr. Warnecke has served part-time
roles as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer for VetDC, Inc. since November 2012, President of CereScan Corp
from November 2016 to August 2018 and Chairman of the Pink Lightning Foundation (supporting Children s Hospitals and cystic fibrosis
research) since November 2011. He has also served as Senior Vice-President of Children s Hospital Colorado Foundation from 2003
through January 2017 and been a member of the Board of Directors of CereScan from 2014 to 2019. Previously, Mr. Warnecke served as Lead
Independent Director and Audit Committee Chair for Evolving Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: EVOL, an international telecom software company) from
2003 to 2011, as Chief Financial Officer of Targeted Medical Pharma, Inc. in 2011, as Chief Financial Officer and member of the Board
of Directors for Bacterin International, Inc. (NASDAQ: BONE), a biologics and medical device company from 2008 to 2010, member of the
Board of Directors of Emmaus Life Sciences, Inc. in 2011, member of the Board of Directors of Boppy Company from 2005 to 2008, Senior
Vice-President of Strategic Planning for First Data/Western Union (NYSE: FDC) from 2001 to 2002 and Chief Financial Officer for Frontier
Airlines (former NASDAQ company acquired by Republic Airways) from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Warnecke graduated from the University of Iowa with
a BBA in Accounting, Finance and Management and passed the Certified Public Accountant exam in 1979. 

20 

Virginia Orndorff was appointed as a director
of the Company on October 1, 2014. She has served as a member of the Evolutionary Genomics board of directors since 2000. She served as
Chief Executive Officer and President of Evolutionary Genomics from 2000 to November 2010. She is a founder and CEO of Sieyax, LLC, an
early-stage oncology company. From February 2015 to February 2017, Ms. Orndorff served as Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer
and Director of the Colorado Institute for Drug, Device and Diagnostic Development. She has served on Colorado s State Board of
Pharmacy from March 2012 to March 2015. 1997 to 2000, Ms. Orndorff served as Vice President then President and Chief Executive Officer
of GenoPlex, Inc. of Denver and served as Director of Technology/Business Development of NeXstar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. of Boulder, Colorado,
from 1993 to 1997. From 1989 to 1993 she served as the Director of Biotechnology Programs for the Colorado Advanced Technology Institute
in Denver. Ms. Orndorff was employed by the Georgia Institute of Technology as Manager of a biotechnology start-up incubator (the Health
Science Technology Center) from 1987 to 1989; prior to that for eight years by Genex Corporation of Gaithersburg, Maryland, first as a
Laboratory Supervisor then as Manager of Technology Assessment. From 1975 to 1979, Ms. Orndorff had served as a Microbiologist at Stanford
Research Institute. She received a BA in Biology from the University of California at Santa Cruz, an MA in Microbiology from California
State University at San Jose, and an MBA from Loyola College (where she graduated second in her class). 

Mark Boggess, Ph.D . was appointed as a director of the Company on
October 1, 2014. He has served as a director of Evolutionary Genomics since 2010. Dr. Boggess has a diverse background in the animal sciences
and animal industries. Born and raised on a traditional Iowa farm, he served as a swine and beef cattle extension specialist with the
University of Idaho in Twin Falls from 1990 to 1994 where he was responsible for all swine extension and educational programming and served
as the animal breeding resource specialist for the University beef extension team. From 1994 to 2004, Dr. Boggess served as President
of Salmon Creek Farms, LLC where he was responsible for development of the Salmon Creek Farms Natural Pork program and branded product
line, at Independent Meat Company in Twin Falls, ID. From 2004 to 2009, Dr. Boggess assumed the position of Director of Animal Science
for the National Pork Board where he was responsible for program direction and industry funding coordination for research in pork quality;
nutritional efficiency; sow lifetime productivity; genomics-genetics; alternatives to antimicrobials; production-management systems and
biotechnology. Dr. Boggess also served as the National Pork Board liaison for animal science to producers, academia, media, regulators
and the National Pork Producers Council and directed numerous pork industry based advisory groups. From 2009 to 2014, Dr. Boggess served
as the National Program Leader for Food Animal Production and the National Program Leader for Pasture, Forage and Rangeland Systems for
the USDA Agriculture Research Service in Beltsville, Maryland. In this role, he directed ARS research for diverse programs in genetics
and genomics, nutrition, reproductive physiology, animal welfare and meat quality. Dr. Boggess also directed research to improve pasture
and rangeland management practices and land-use strategies, improve and restore the ecology of western rangelands and improve the capacity
and efficiency of forage-based food animal production systems. From 2014 to 2018, Dr. Boggess served as the Director of the U.S. Dairy
Forage Research Center in Madison, WI. In this role Dr. Boggess directed the research programs for 21 scientists and 75 support staff.
The USDFRC includes two research farms in rural Wisconsin as well as offices and laboratories on the campus of the University of Wisconsin.
Currently, Dr. Boggess serves as the Director of the US Meat Animal Research Center, the largest meat animal-based research Center in
the world. USMARC spans 34,000 acres and houses 25,000 head of beef, sheep and swine. The research programs include 45 scientists in five
research units conducting research focused on genetics, genomics, physiology, nutrition, reproduction, food safety, meat quality, animal
health, precision agriculture, and environmental quality. Dr. Boggess attended Iowa State University receiving a BS degree in Animal Science
in 1983. After receiving an MS degree from Cornell University with a major in Animal Breeding in 1985, Dr. Boggess returned to Iowa State
University, receiving his PhD in 1990, also in Animal Breeding. 

Walter Messier, Ph.D. was appointed Secretary and Treasurer of the
Company on October 1, 2014. He is a Founder of Evolutionary Genomics and has served as its Chief Technology Officer since 2000 and has
served as its Secretary since 2007. Dr. Messier has published in such prestigious scientific journals as Nature, Nature Medicine, Current
Biology, and Science. Dr. Messier is recognized as an authority on the use and interpretation of Ka/Ks algorithms. Dr. Messier s
research on the detection of molecular-level positive selection in the primates is well known. In addition to the research programs Dr.
Messier developed and spearheads at Evolutionary Genomics, he is currently collaborating with colleagues in several areas, including identification
and validation of novel targets for breast cancer therapeutics, identification and validation of novel targets for HIV/AIDS therapeutics,
the role of molecular Darwinian selection in human speciation, and creation of more powerful algorithms for the detection of molecular
Darwinian selection. Dr. Messier received his Masters of Science from the State University of New York at New Paltz, and his Ph.D. from
the University of Albany (State University of New York). 

21 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

The Company s officers and directors have in the past and may in
the future be officers and directors of other companies. Consequently, they may have potential inherent conflicts of interest in serving
as officers and directors of the Company. Insofar as the officers and directors are engaged in other business activities, management anticipates
it will not devote all of its time to the Company s affairs. The officers and directors of the Company may in the future become
shareholders, officers or directors of other companies which may be formed for the purpose of engaging in business activities similar
to those conducted by the Company. The Company does not currently have a right of first refusal pertaining to opportunities that come
to management s attention even if the opportunities relate to the Company s proposed business operations. 

The officers and directors are under no obligation to make any opportunities
that come to their attention in the performance of their duties for any other companies or in any other manner available to the Company.
Except as set forth above, the Company has not adopted any other conflict of interest policy with respect to such transactions. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table summarizes compensation of our executive officers: 

Option 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Steve B. Warnecke 
 2022 
 130,100 
 
 93,025 
 10,000 
 233,125 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 150,000 

10,000 
 160,000 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 2020 
 150,000 
 50,000 
 151,846 
 10,000 
 361,846 

Walter Messier 
 2022 
 150,000 

150,000 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 150,000 

150,000 
 
 Secretary 
 2020 
 150,000 
 50,000 
 310,598 
 
 510,598 

Virginia Orndorff 
 2022 

10,000 
 10,000 
 
 Director 
 2021 

10,000 
 10,000 

2020 

46,590 
 10,000 
 56,590 

Mark Boggess 
 2022 

10,000 
 10,000 
 
 Director 
 2021 

10,000 
 10,000 

2020 

46,590 
 10,000 
 56,590 

The Company had no employment agreements as of December 31, 2022 and paid
cash compensation to each to its directors of 10,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December
31, 2022, Evolutionary Genomics issued option grants for 133,333 shares to Steve Warnecke. The amounts reported under Option Awards 
in the above table reflect the grant date fair value of these awards as determined in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, rather than amounts paid to or realized
by the named individual. The value of the option awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
valuation assumptions used in the valuation of options granted may be found in the Notes to our financial statements included in this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

22 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Principal Stockholders 

The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022
regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by (i) each stockholder known by the Company to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our common stock, (ii) by each director and executive officer of the Company and (iii) by all executive officers
and directors of the Company as a group. Each of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to common
stock beneficially owned. The percentage ownership is the number of shares of common stock owned compared to the combined number of shares
of common and preferred stock outstanding. None of the officers or directors own any shares of preferred stock. 

Number of 
 Percentage 

Shares Owned 
 of Shares 
 
 Name and Address 
 or Controlled 
 Owned 

Steve B. Warnecke 
 1,841,374 (1) 
 24.81 
 
 4220 Morning Star Dr 

Castle Rock, CO 80108 

Virginia Orndorff 
 123,490 (2) 
 1.66 
 
 4220 Morning Star Dr 

Castle Rock, CO 80108 

Mark Boggess 
 26,000 (3) 
 0.35 
 
 4220 Morning Star Dr 

Castle Rock, CO 80108 

Walter Messier 
 182,044 (4) 
 2.45 
 
 4220 Morning Star Dr 

Castle Rock, CO 80108 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (1) 
 2,172,908 
 29.28 

(1) Mr. Warnecke is Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company. Mr. Warnecke holds options for 100,000 shares exercisable
at 3.30 per share, 150,000 shares execisable at 1.65 per share and 133,333 shares exercisable at .83 per share. 

(2) Ms. Orndorff is a Director of the Company. Ms. Orndorff holds options for 15,000 shares exercisable at 3.00 per share and 45,000
shares exercisable at 1.50 per share. 

(3) Mark Boggess is a Director of the Company. Mr. Boggess holds options for 15,000 shares exercisable at 3.00 per share and 45,000 shares
exercisable at 1.50 per share. 

(4) Dr. Messier is the Company s Treasurer and Secretary. Dr. Messier holds options for 100,000 shares exercisable at 3.00 per
share and 300,000 shares exercisable at 1.50 per share.. 

23 

ITEMS 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

We maintain a mailing address at the offices of our president, Steve B.
Warnecke, located at 4220 Morning Star Drive, Castle Rock, CO 80108 for which we pay no rent. There have been no transactions or proposed
transactions in which the amount involved exceeds 120,000 for the last two completed fiscal years in which any of our directors, executive
officers of beneficial holders of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock, or any of their respective relatives, spouses,
associates or affiliates has had or will have any direct or material indirect interest. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 for professional services rendered by our principal accountant, , (PCAOB ID No. for
the audit of our annual financial statements and quarterly reviews were 65,000 and 65,000, respectively. 

Audit Related Fees 

The Company incurred no fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 for audit related services by our principal accountant that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements, and not reported under Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees for professional services
rendered by our principal accountant for tax preparation were 7,200 and 0, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

We did not incur any fees for other professional services rendered by our
principal accountant during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

24 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

(a) The following Exhibits are filed as part of this registration statement unless otherwise indicated: 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

Form 
 
 Date 

Number 

2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of March 2, 2015, by and among Fona, Inc., Evolutionary Genomics, Inc., EG I, LLC, Fona Merger Sub, Inc. and Fona Merger Sub, LLC 

10-K 
 
 3/5/2015 

10.1 

3.1 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 

8-K 
 
 10/23/2015 

3.1 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company 

10 
 
 9/23/2010 

3.2 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

8-K 
 
 2/25/2016 

3.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A-2 Preferred Stock 

10-K 
 
 3/30/2020 

3.4 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate 

8-K 
 
 10/23/2015 

4.1 

10.1 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan 

S-4 
 
 4/2/2015 

10.1 

10.5 
 
 Contract for Services University of Missouri 

S-4/A 
 
 7/2/2015 

10.5 

10.9 
 
 Amendment 1 to the UM Nguyen Sponsored Research Contract 

10-K 
 
 2/10/2017 

10.9 

10.12 
 
 State of Colorado Grant Agreement 

10-K 
 
 4/1/2019 

10.12 

10.14 
 
 Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated August 19, 2020, by and between EG Crop Science, Inc. and Dole Food Company, Inc. 

10-Q 
 
 11/13/2020 

10.1 

10.15 
 
 Standard Research Agreement, dated September 15, 2020, by and between the Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System on behalf of the University of Wisconsin-Madison and EG Crop Science, Inc. 

10-Q 
 
 11/13/2020 

10.2 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Evolutionary Genomics, Inc. 

10-K 
 
 3/5/2018 

21.1 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized 
in the City of Castle Rock, State of Colorado on March 9, 2023. 

EVOLUTIONARY GENOMICS, INC. 

March 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Steve B. Warnecke 

Name: 
 Steve B. Warnecke 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Chairman of the Board 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report
has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Steve B. Warnecke 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 Steve B. Warnecke 

/s/ Virginia Orndorff 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 Virginia Orndorff 

/s/ Mark Boggess 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 Mark Boggess 

26 

Evolutionary Genomics,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #166) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Evolutionary Genomics, Inc.
and Subsidiary 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Evolutionary Genomics, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 13 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 13. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company's management is responsible for these
financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the board
of directors and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Controls and Procedures Material Weakness
 Refer to Item 9A to the form 10-K 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

Management has identified the following control deficiencies:
(1) the Company has not properly segregated duties, as one or two individuals initiate, authorize, and complete all transactions. The
Company has not implemented measures that would prevent the individuals from overriding the internal control system. (2) The Company uses
accounting software that neither prevents erroneous or unauthorized changes to previous reporting periods nor provides an adequate audit
trail of entries made in the accounting software. (3) Due to the size of the Company and limited personnel, the Company has not hired
an individual with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in financial reporting. 

Given these deficiencies in the lack of proper segregation
of duties, weakness within the accounting software, and lack of technical accounting expertise that have a pervasive impact to all financial
account balances and disclosures, a significant change in our audit plan was required with an increase in audit effort. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to mitigating the risks
of the internal control deficiencies include the following: 

Performed a primarily substantive audit over
significant account balances and disclosures. Utilized original source documents for audit evidence rather than system reports or other
information. 

Performed additional procedures to mitigate any
increased fraud risks, including: 

1) lowered the threshold for investigating differences between recorded amounts and independent expectations
developed by us that we would have otherwise used, 

2) increased the number of selections we would have otherwise made if the Company s controls were designed
and operating effectively, 

3) utilized experienced staff on the engagement team and emphasized the heightened fraud risks with the team
members, and 

4) performed procedures in verifying the accuracy and completeness for disbursements transactions, inclusive
of any potential related party considerations. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

/s/ Plante Moran, PLLC 

Denver, Colorado 

 March 9, 2023 

F- 3 

Evolutionary
Genomics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Employee retention credit 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Long-term liabilities 

Notes payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Preferred Stock subject to possible redemption, par value, authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021; liquidation preference at December 31, 2022 of 

Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively; liquidation preference at December 31, 2022 of 

Total preferred stock subject to possible redemption 

Stockholders' deficit 

Preferred Stock
 - accrued dividends 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

Evolutionary Genomics,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

 For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Salaries and benefits 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income: 

Investment income 

Employee retention credit 

Loan forgiveness 

Total other income 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Preferred stock dividend 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per common share, basic 

Net loss per common share, diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

Evolutionary Genomics,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed and Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders' Deficit 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Preferred 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Dividend 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common Stock issuance 

Option exercise 

Stock compensation 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Preferred 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Dividend 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock compensation 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

Evolutionary Genomics,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash flows from operating activities 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

PPP
 Loan Forgiveness 

Employee
 retention credit 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Cash
 flows from operating activities 

Cash flows
 from investing activities: 

Cash
 flows from investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Common Stock 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Preferred Stock 

Proceeds
 from issuance of notes payable 

Proceeds
 from EIDL and PPP Loans 

Cash
 flows from financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Preferred
 stock dividend accrual 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

Evolutionary Genomics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company received a 
refund for the quarter ended September 30, 2021. 

shares of convertible preferred stock and options for shares
of common stock and for the year ended December 31, 2021, common stock equivalents including shares of convertible preferred
stock and options for shares of common stock were excluded because their effect was anti-dilutive. 

Software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Patents 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

The Company expects
to recognize amortization expense related to its acquired research in progress and patents according to the following: 

December 31, 2024 

December 31, 2025 

December 31, 2026 

December 31, 2027 

Total 

Amortization
expense for the acquired research in progress and patents during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

In its merger completed
on October 19, 2015, the Company acquired research in progress. The value of the acquired research in progress was based upon several
factors including, evaluation of other intangible assets, the purchase price, estimated future cash flows, and the amounts expended on
the research to date. The research in progress was the identification and validation of genes to provide pest and disease resistance
to plants performed by EG I. With the banana development project contract in place, the Company placed this asset in service on August
19, 2020. Additional costs to complete the soybean research are expected to be approximately , which will be expensed as incurred.
The timing and cost of additional research may vary from these estimates as the success of the research is subject to many factors outside
of the Company s control. 

to the
pre-tax loss before income taxes, and total income tax benefit (expense) recognized in the financial statements is as follows 

Income tax benefit attributable to U.S. states 

Research and development credits 

Non-taxable forgiveness of PPP and EIDL loans 

Non-deductible expenses 

Stock- based compensation related to incentive stock options 

Other changes 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the components
of deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

Research and development credits 

Accrued Compensation 

Long-term capital loss carryforward 

Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets 

Net deferred income tax assets 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

Property, equipment and other 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Net deferred income tax assets 

The Company uses
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. 

The Company records a valuation allowance
for certain temporary differences for which it is more likely than not that a future tax benefit will be received. The Company assesses
its past earnings history and trends and projections of future net income. The Company recorded a valuation allowance for the entire
amount of the net deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a total valuation allowance
of approximately for its deferred tax assets. The Company will continue to review this valuation allowance and make adjustments
as appropriate. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately , consisting of that have an indefinite carryover
period and that expire at various intervals through 2037. Use of NOL carryforwards is limited by the provisions of Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code. At this point, the Company has not performed an analysis to determine whether an ownership change (as
defined under Section 382) occurred during this year or preceding years. A determination of the potential impact these provisions might
have on the utilization of net operating losses will be made when the net operating loss is projected to be utilized. As of December
31, 2022, the Company also has a capital loss carryforward of approximately that expires in 2025, and a research and development
credit carryforward of approximately that will expire at various intervals from 2030 through 2040. 

The calculation of the Company s tax
liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations. ASC 740 states that a tax benefit
from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination,
including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits. At this time, the Company
does not have any uncertain tax positions to assess. 

in proceeds from the PPP, which
was created under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES). Under the program, the Company applied for and received
forgiveness of the debt in the year ended December 31, 2021. The forgiveness was recorded as loan forgiveness in other income on the
consolidated statements of operations in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

SBA Economic Injury
Disaster Loan: On June 5, 2020, the Company received in proceeds from the SBA s EIDL Program. On July 20, 2021, the
Company received an additional SBA EIDL Advance which has been forgiven and, on July 14, 2021, the Company received a 
increase in the SBA EIDL Loan. Installment payments, including interest at the rate of per annum, of monthly over thirty
years from the date of the original promissory note began on December 13, 2022. The Company granted to the SBA a continuing security
interest in all tangible and intangible personal property. The Company may not make any distribution of assets of the Company to any
shareholder without the written consent of the SBA. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of accrued interest on the
note. 

Dole Food Company: 

On August 19, 2020,
the Company entered into a Development and Commercialization Agreement DCA with Dole Food Company Dole for the development of our banana genes. The DCA provides for payments from Dole to the Company of upon execution, 
by the twelve-month anniversary, by the thirty-six month anniversary and by the forty-eight month anniversary. Dole
also reimburses the Company for costs incurred at the University of Wisconsin-Madison UW not to exceed in
coordination with the Standard Research Agreement that the Company entered into with UW on September 18, 2020. The agreement with UW
includes payments from the Company to UW in the amount of over the two-year expected term of the project. If the UW research
is successful, Dole expects to incur costs of approximately to perform field trials. 

The DCA also specifies
that the Company will execute notes payable to Dole for the funding that Dole is providing up to . Upon receipt of 
on August 26, 2020, on July 28, 2021, on December 29, 2020 and on September 29, 2021, the Company executed
the notes under this DCA and recorded them as long-term notes payable for financial statement purposes. The notes are non-interest bearing
and allow Dole to offset fifty percent of future royalty payments to the Company by reducing the amount of principal due on these notes.
Other than this offset of future royalty payments, repayment of principal and interest is only required in the case of termination of
the DCA by Dole for cause. 

shares of all classes of stock
including shares of Common Stock having a par value of per share and shares of Preferred Stock having a
par value of per share, of which were designated as Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock Series A-1 and of which were designated as Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock Series A-2 ). The Board of Directors, without
a vote of the shareholders, is authorized to issue additional shares of Preferred Stock in series and to establish the characteristics
thereof. 

Liquidation :
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A-1 and Series
A-2 shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company for each share of Series A-1 and Series A-2 an amount equal to its
stated value, per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends before any distribution or payment
shall be made to the holders of any other class or series of stock of the Company that ranks junior to the Series A-1 and Series A-2.
The holders shall be entitled to convert their shares of Series A-1 and Series A-2 into Common Stock at any time prior to the consummation
of a Liquidation. This is considered a contingent redemption feature. 

Conversion :
The holders of Series A-1 and Series A-2 may convert their shares into shares of Common Stock, at the option of the holder, on a one-share-for-one-share
basis and shall be subject to certain adjustments at any time. 

Optional Redemption;
Sinking Fund Account: The Company may elect to redeem some or all of the then outstanding shares of Series A-1, (i) for cash in an
amount equal to the liquidation preference per share, per share as of December 31, 2022, subject to adjustment and (ii) by issuing
one share, subject to adjustment, of Common Stock for each share of Series A-1 and Series A-2 outstanding being redeemed. 50 of all
licensing fees received by the Company will be deposited into a separate sinking fund for use in an optional redemption. As of December
31, 2022, no licensing revenue has been received under these provisions and no sinking fund account has been established. 

Dividends : The
Company shall pay to the holders of the Series A-1 and Series A-2 dividends at the rate of per annum and the Company has accrued these
dividends since issuance of the Series A-1 and Series A-2. The dividend amount shall accrue and shall be payable in shares of Common
Stock upon the conversion of the Series A-1 and Series A-2, or upon the redemption of the Series A-1 and Series A-2. No dividends shall
be paid on any Common Stock of the Company or any capital stock of the Company that ranks junior to the Series A-1 and Series A-2 until
dividends of Series A-1 and Series A-2 been paid. As of December 31, 2022, there were in accrued stock dividends. 

Voting : The
holders of the Series A-1 and Series A-2 are entitled to vote on all matters submitted to the stockholders for a vote on an as-if-converted
to Common Stock basis, with all stockholders voting as a single class. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock has been reserved.
The Plan allows for the issuance of incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options with a maximum contractual term of years.
Shares and options that are cancelled are available for reissuance under the Plan. For years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recorded compensation costs for stock options of and , respectively. Stock options are generally issued with an exercise
price at or above the estimated per-share value of the Company s Common Stock. The Company granted options for shares of
common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022 and in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Management has valued the options at their
date of grant utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Volatility of the underlying common shares was determined based on the
historical volatility for the Company s stock for a term consistent with the expected life of the options. The risk-free interest
rate used in the calculations is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent term approximating the
expected life of the options on the date of the grant. Due to the lack of sufficient historical activity, the expected term of the options
was estimated using the formula set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission SAB 107. 

The fair value of the share option awards
was estimated using the Black-Scholes method based on the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected Term 
 
 years 
 
 Dividend Rate 

Risk Free Rate 

The following table summarizes the status
of the Company s aggregate stock options granted: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance, January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, options for and shares vested, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation
cost related to share-based compensation arrangements that will be recognized through the year ending December 31, 2023. 

per month which continues on a month-to-month basis.
There is no minimum lease commitment as of December 31, 2022. Renewals after June 30, 2017 are by mutual agreement. The Company s
rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Royalty : Effective March 1, 2012,
the Company entered into an Agreement for Contract Services with SmithBucklin Corporation (the Contractor on behalf of
the United Soybean Board. The contract includes the payment of certain royalties, as defined in the Agreement. 

The Company is
obligated to pay royalties to the United Soybean Board of 10 of the sale of products derived from the soybean genes that were the subject
of the research performed by the Contractor or from royalties received by the Company from the sale of products by a third party not
to exceed 150 of the total amount paid to the Contractor under this Agreement. The Company has recognized to date grant revenue from
the contract of as of December 31, 2022, thus limiting any future royalties as of December 31, 2022 to a total of .
The Company has not accrued or paid any royalties under the terms of the Agreement as of and during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 because it has not received any revenue from the sale of products to date. 

Other
Commitments: On September 18, 2020, the Company entered into a Standard Research Agreement with WCIC for the development of
our banana genes. The agreement includes payments from the Company in the amount of 
over the two-year expected term of the project. These costs will be reimbursed, in the form of notes payable by Dole in accordance
with our DCA. 

The Company entered into a Service Agreement
with WCIC for the maintenance and shipment of banana plants which includes unit pricing for services rendered and is expected to be completed
by March 31, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of cost was incurred under this contract and was reimbursed by Dole. 

On April 18, 2022, the Company entered into
a Service Agreement with the University of Wisconsin-Madison for the testing of banana plants which includes payments of of
which were paid in the year ended December 31, 2022 and reimbursed by Dole. 

shares or of
the Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

for the year ended December
31, 2022 compared to for the year ended December 31, 2021. The , or 59.5 , decrease was primarily due to the decreased
net operating loss. Net cash provided from financing activities was of proceeds from the issuance of common stock and 
from the issuance of preferred stock compared to in proceeds from notes payable from Dole and in proceeds from the
PPP loan and the EIDL in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
 in operating cash and expects that operating cash flow net of contractual reimbursements and notes payable funding from Dole
for the year ending December 31, 2023 will be approximately . Management believes that there may not be enough cash to pay our
expenses for one year beyond the date of this report. Marketing of additional genes may lead to additional revenue and we have some flexibility
to reduce operating costs but we may require additional capital. These factors create substantial doubt as to our ability to continue
as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. 

. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company received a refund for the quarter ended September
30, 2021. 

F-16 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fnam_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Steve Warnecke, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Evolutionary
Genomics, Inc. 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this annual report is being prepared; 

 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting . 

 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information ; and 

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

March 9, 2023 

BY: 
 /s/ Steve Warnecke 

Steve Warnecke 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fnam_ex31z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Steve Warnecke, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Evolutionary
Genomics, Inc. 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this annual report is being prepared; 

 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting . 

 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information ; and 

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

March 9, 2023 

BY: 
 /s/ Steve Warnecke 

Steve Warnecke 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fnam_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Evolutionary Genomics, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steve B Warnecke, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

BY: 
 /s/ Steve B Warnecke 

Steve B Warnecke 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

March 9, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 fnam_ex32z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Evolutionary Genomics, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steve B Warnecke, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

BY: 
 /s/ Steve B Warnecke 

Steve B Warnecke 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

March 9, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fnam-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fnam-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fnam-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fnam-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

