<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1104038_0001214659-23-004301.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7572454</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>262743</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1279902</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2259411</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1656283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1888378</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-004301.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328160555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-004301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VerifyMe, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001104038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				233023677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39332
		FILM NUMBER:		23769523

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 INTERNATIONAL PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			LAKE MARY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		585-736-9400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 INTERNATIONAL PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			LAKE MARY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32746

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LASERLOCK TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-004301.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 vm32123010k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading 
Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x 
No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or, an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 x 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). o 
Yes x 

The aggregate market
value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of June 30, 2022. Shares of common stock
held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded from this computation in that such persons may be deemed
to be affiliates of the registrant. As of June 30, 2022, there were no persons known to the registrant to own 5 or more of the outstanding
common stock, and therefore no other persons have been deemed affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is
not a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

The registrant had 
shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on March 23, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 21 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 22 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 30 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that prevent Inspection 
 30 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 31 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 32 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 32 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words believe, may, estimate, 
 continue, anticipate, intend, should, plan, could, 
 target, potential, is likely, will, expect and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Report,
including among others, our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans,
objectives of management and expected market growth are forward-looking statements. 

Our actual results and financial condition may
differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking
statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in
the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth under Item 1A - Risk Factors and those other risks
and uncertainties detailed in our periodic reports and registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
We caution that these risk factors may not be exhaustive. 

All forward-looking statements in this Report
are made only as of the date hereof or as indicated and represent our views as of the date of this Report or as indicated. Factors or
events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

VerifyMe, Inc. VerifyMe together
with its subsidiaries PeriShip Global, LLC PeriShip Global and Trust Codes Global Limited Trust Codes Global ),
(together the Company, we, us, or our ), is a software driven predictive analytics
logistics provider of high-touch end-to-end logistics management, which represents most of our current revenue stream. In addition, VerifyMe
technologies provide product traceability, brand protections services, and consumer engagement solutions. Our operations are split into
two segments: PeriShip Global Solutions and VerifyMe Solutions. Through our PeriShip Global Solutions segment we provide a value-added
service for time and temperature sensitive parcel management driven by a proprietary software platform that provides predictive analytics
from key metrics such as flight-tracking, weather, and traffic, all delivered to customers via a secure portal. The portal provides real-time
visibility into shipment transit and last-mile events, with dynamic dashboards. All aspects of the of the shipping journey is managed
by a dedicated call center. Using our proprietary logistics solution, we provide real-time information and analysis to mitigate supply
chain flow interruption, delivering last-mile resolution for key markets, including the perishable healthcare and food industries. Through
our VerifyMe Solutions segment, our technologies provide unit level traceability, brand protection, unit level traceability and consumer
engagement solutions allowing brand owners to gather business intelligence, cross-sell products, monitor product diversion through the
supply chain and build brand loyalty through interaction utilizing our unique dynamic codes which are read by consumers with their smart
phones. Further information regarding our business segments is discussed below: 

Business Update 

Recent
Developments 

On March 1, 2023, the
Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA effective as of February
28, 2023 by and among the Company, Trust Codes Global, Trust Codes Limited, a New Zealand limited liability company Trust Codes and Signum Holdings Limited. Pursuant to the terms of the APA Trust Codes Global agreed to purchase from Trust Codes and Trust Codes agreed
to sell to Trust Codes Global substantially all of the assets of Trust Codes and certain specified liabilities (the Transaction ).
The Transaction closed simultaneously with the execution of the APA on March 1 , 2023.
Trust Codes Global is based in New Zealand and provides brand protection based on a digital identity assigned at the unique item level
delivered to customers through a software as a service model. The use of unique QR codes or IoT, coupled with GS1 standards, connects
brands to consumers. Trust Codes Global leverages advanced algorithms to protect authenticity and brand value and provides data-driven
storytelling which allows visibility of the journey for each item through the supply chain to the consumer s hands. We believe combining
the solutions of Trust Codes Global and PeriShip Global will allow the Company to provide a competitive advantage in the software logistics
space, securing supply chains from products manufacture all way to the point of delivery, elevating a consumer s trust and their brand
experience. Please refer to Note 17 Subsequent Events to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements appended
to this Report and incorporated by reference into Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In January 2023 we signed
a mutual sales referral agreement with The Agrarian Group. The agreement is structured to help advance food safety and customer loyalty,
as well as increase revenue for both companies. The food industry is a focus area for our VerifyMe Solutions segment and perishable food
has been a long-standing focus of our PeriShip Global segment. 

 In November 2022 we entered
into an amended five-year renewal agreement with HP Indigo to provide VerifyInk TM security ink taggants for HP Indigo digital
presses. This amended agreement also increases the scope of cooperation, in which HP Indigo will refer opportunities for additional VerifyMe
technologies. 

In September 2022 we
entered into a 2 million term loan agreement and a 1 million line of credit with PNC Bank and repaid the 2 million promissory note
from the acquisition of PeriShip LLC. 

In August 2022, we entered
into a multi-year contract extension with our strategic partner and largest customer of PeriShip Global to continue to provide proactive
customer service to their customers. The term of the agreement has been extended to March 1, 2026. 

Our Solutions 

PeriShip Global Solutions: The PeriShip
Global Solutions segment specializes in predictive analytics through its proprietary software platform for optimizing delivery of time
and temperature sensitive perishable products. We manage complex industry-specific shipping logistic processes that require critical time,
temperature control and handling to prevent spoilage and extended delivery times. Utilizing predictive analytics from multiple data sources
including weather, traffic, flight data, major carrier feeds, and time of day data, we provide our clients an end-to-end vertical approach
for their most critical service delivery needs. Using the IT platform, we provide real-time information and analysis to mitigate supply
chain flow interruption, delivering last-mile resolution for key markets, including the perishable healthcare and food industries. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Through our proprietary PeriTrack customer
dashboard, we provide an integrated tool that gives our customers an in-depth look at their shipping activities and allows them access
to critical information in support of the specific needs of the supply chain stakeholders. In addition, we provide proactive alerts to
address on-coming weather issues to make changes in scheduling to meet critical deadlines for shipments. We offer post-delivery services
such as customized reporting for trend analysis, system performance reports, power outage maps, and other tailored reports. 

PeriShip Global generates revenue from three business
service models. 

Proactive Service PeriShip Global clients pay us directly for carrier service coupled with
 our proactive logistics assistance. 

Direct Premium Service PeriShip Global clients pay us directly for carrier service coupled with
 our complete white-glove shipping monitoring and predictive analytics service. This service includes the customer web portal access, weather
 monitoring, temperature control, full call center support and last mile resolution. 

Indirect Premium Service Our carrier partner also offers a white label version
 of our Premium Service to its customers and pays us a fixed contractual fee. 

PeriShip Service Products: The PeriShip
Global Solutions segment includes the following bundled services as part of our service offerings to our customers: 

PeriTrack : Our proprietary
PeriTrack customer dashboard was developed utilizing our extensive logistics operational knowledge. This integrated web portal tool
gives our customers an in-depth look at their shipping activities and alerts based on real-time data. The PeriTrack dashboard was
designed to provide critical information in support of the specific needs of supply chain stakeholders and gives our customer resolution
specialists a 360 view of shipping activity. PeriTrack features tools tailored for shippers of perishable goods, which includes
the In-Transit Shipment Tracker. This tool provides details on the unique shipper s in-transit shipments, with the ability to select
and analyze data on individual shipments. 

Call Center Service : PeriShip
Global has assembled a team of customer resolution specialists based in the U.S. This human intervention service team resolves shipping
problems on behalf of our customers. The call center acts as a help desk and monitors shipping to delivery for our customers. 

Pre-Transit Service : PeriShip
Global helps clients prepare their products for shipments by advising clients on packaging requirements for various types of perishable
products. Each product type requires its own particular packaging to protect it during the shipment, and we utilize our extensive knowledge
and research to provide our customers with packaging recommendations to meet their unique needs. 

Post-Delivery : PeriShip Global
provides customized reporting for trend analysis, system performance reports, power outage maps, and many other reports to help our customers
improve their processes and customer service outcomes. 

Weather/Traffic Service : PeriShip
Global has full-time meteorologists on staff to monitor weather. A package may experience a variety of weather conditions between the
origin and destination, and our team actively monitors these conditions to minimize the changes of timely and safe transit of shipments.
Similarly, traffic and construction also create unpredictable delays which our team works diligently to mitigate. If delays or other issues
occur the PeriShip team informs clients and works with them to proactively resolve such shipment issues. 

VerifyMe Solutions: The VerifyMe Solutions
segment in traceability to connect brands with consumers through their product. Brands can gain unit level traceability through the supply
chain. Through VerifyMe technologies brand inspectors can authenticate product with visible and invisible unique serialized codes. Brand
owners have the ability to gather business intelligence while engaging directly with their consumers and can receive programmable alerts
related to counterfeit products or if their products are in unexpected geographical markets. Consumers can authenticate products with
their smart phone prior to usage and engage with the brand in unique and innovative ways. Engagement can come in many forms such as free
giveaways, product specifications, seed to table tracking, cross-selling of products, contests, videos, and recipes. 

VerifyMe Products: VerifyMe has a custom
suite of products that offer clients traceability and consumer engagement. These products are combined with software as a service 
or SAAS which is stored in the cloud and accessed through the internet. 

VerifyMe Engage for consumer engagement allowing the brand owner to gather business intelligence and engage with their customers 

VerifyMe Authenticate using rare earth-based ink taggants for instant authentication of labels, packages and products 

VerifyMe Track Trace for unit level traceability and supply chain control 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PeriShip Global and VerifyMe Synergies: 

We believe that PeriShip Global and our VerifyMe
solutions have synergistic product centric technology platforms and combined have a compelling technology offering for brand owners. For
example, currently PeriShip Global ships vaccines for major pharmaceutical companies. With the addition of VerifyMe technology, PeriShip
Global can add unit level traceability and authentication to protect clients vaccines from product diversion and sub-standard counterfeits.
In addition, VerifyMe s consumer engagement solutions could give PeriShip Global food and beverage clients the ability to gather
rich business intelligence, turn unknown consumers into known consumers and build customer loyalty with engagement
functions like videos, discounts, contests, etc. 

Strategic Partnerships 

PeriShip Global has a direct partnership with
a major global carrier company. This partnership includes the ability for both companies to white label each partner s services.
In addition, PeriShip Global has data feeds directly from the carrier into our proprietary logistics optimization software which provides
shippers much more detailed information and predictive analytics on their shipment versus a standard shipping code look up which is provided
by the carrier. 

VerifyMe has a contract with HP Indigo, and a
strategic partnership with INX International, the third largest producer of inks in North America. We believe these partnerships can be
used to enable brand owners to securely prevent product diversion, engage with their consumers and authenticate labels, packaging and
products, alleviating liability from counterfeit products that harm consumers. INX International manufactures VerifyInk for printing
static images for labels, packaging and products such as aluminum twist caps for the spirits industry. INX International also successfully
created ink jet variable images containing the VerifyInk which can be used with flexo, silkscreen and offset printing presses.
Our security pigments are manufactured from naturally occurring inorganic rare earth materials. There are many manufacturers of these
types of specialized pigments, and we intend to maintain multiple simultaneous relationships to ensure ample sources of supply. Accordingly,
we are not dependent on any principal suppliers. We rely on third-party strategic partners to manufacture and distribute our VerifyInk TM 
products. We provide these strategic partners with pigment mixing instructions for the specific uses of each client based on their existing
equipment and processes. We maintain policies and procedures to monitor, track and log access to and disposition of all pigment. Our customers
are also required to agree to and implement these policies and procedures. In relation to our other products, such as our hand held VerifyChecker 
 and VerifyAuthenticator TM Smartphone Authenticator devices, as
well as our VerifyLabel tamper-proof labels, we provide instructions for the design of these products and rely on our strategic
partners for manufacturing and distribution. 

PeriShip
Global Opportunities 

According to a 2023 report entitled, Perishable
Goods Transportation Market in the US 2023-2027 , written by Infiniti research Limited, the Perishable Goods logistics market size
was 4.0 billion in 2022 and is estimated to be 4.3 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow to 5.9 billion by 2027. That represents
a compound average market acceleration with a growth rate of approximately 8 per year. This report is based on perishable product segments
including meat, poultry, seafood, dairy, fruits and vegetables, and bakery and confectionary. PeriShip Global services all of these product
segments. 

Currently most shipping businesses utilize the
carriers data platform for tracking which generally informs the shipping enterprise, and their customers, when a package is in
transit, when a package has been delivered, and some level of detail of the path which a package traveled. We believe taking the data
feeds from a carrier and adding real-time visibility with predictive analytics and the human intervention factor of PeriShip Global s
call center gives us a major competitive advantage against other third-party platforms that solely rely on the carrier s data feeds.
PeriShip Global utilizes a variety of input sources beyond just the carrier s data feed. PeriShip Global s proprietary Predictive
Analytics technology is fed real-time meteorology data, traffic and road construction data, and power grid information to help
predict issues before they happen. If an alert is created the shipper and our call center will work to address the issue and save the
perishable product from spoiling, saving the shipper significant costs and reducing the need to replace products that are no longer viable.
PeriShip Global has two meteorologists on staff that track world-wide weather patterns to address predicted issues before they happen.
We believe the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries represent the biggest areas of opportunity and we are focusing our PeriShip Global
sales emphasis on those industries. In addition, we believe that combining VerifyMe s solutions into the product offering for PeriShip
Global clientele, including food and beverage and healthcare industries, gives PeriShip Global a competitive advantage to generate revenue
by enhancing PeriShip Global s clients ability to grow revenue, gain business intelligence and build brand loyalty. 

The current global logistics industry worldwide
is facing an economic slowdown. We believe this represents an opportunity for PeriShip Global since major global carriers are cutting
internal staff and are reducing research and development investments. To maintain their credibility in the market, these carriers will
need to ensure they meet their customers demands for time and temperature sensitive shipments, while maintaining their overheads.
We believe outsourcing this function to PeriShip Global provides the ideal solution for all parties involved. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Building logistics infrastructure is a capital-intensive
process as the investment is locked in for a considerably long period. Due to the current economic downturn, we believe several companies
will opt to outsource their logistics services to reduce their operational costs and maintain cash flows. The outsourcing of supply chain
logistics operations to service providers such as PeriShip Global allows companies to improve the efficiency of their businesses by focusing
their resources on core competencies. 

VerifyMe
Opportunities 

We believe VerifyMe s products have applications
in many areas. Currently, we are aggressively marketing opportunities in the following areas: 

Food and Beverage Food safety is becoming more common as supply chains become more global and as imaging
 and manufacturing technology become more accessible. Food traceability, sustainability and carbon neutral production is becoming a significant
 consideration for brand and governments. We believe our unit level traceability and authentication solutions can help brands tell their
 story about sustainability and battle against tainted or substandard foods and beverages. 

Pharmaceuticals/nutraceuticals We believe counterfeit prescription pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals
 are a growing problem, widely recognized as a public health risk and a serious concern to public health officials, private companies,
 and consumers. Counterfeiting can apply to both branded and generic products and counterfeit pharmaceuticals may include products with
 the correct ingredients but fake packaging, with the wrong ingredients, without active ingredients or with insufficient active ingredients.
 The United States enacted legislation requiring the implementation of a comprehensive system designed to combat counterfeit, diluted or
 falsely labelled pharmaceuticals, referred to as serialization or electronic pedigree (e-Pedigree). Our consumer facing visible codes
 and unique pigments embedded in the ink of a unique serialized barcode can provide a layered security foundation for a customer solution
 in this market. We are seeking to expand our business in this market and believe that as additional pharmaceutical companies seek to comply
 with the legislation, our products will provide attractive alternatives to address the need for product identifiers. 

Consumer Products We believe our technology solutions are particularly suited for the cosmetics, health
 and beauty and apparel industries. We give the consumer the ability to test a products authenticity instantly with a smartphone. We can
 protect brand owners from liability litigation, product diversion and lost financial sales with our consumer facing visible codes and
 unique ink pigments which can be incorporated in dyes and used by manufacturers in these industries to combat counterfeiting and piracy
 of actual physical goods. Our pigments expressed as inks can also be used on packaging, as well as to track products that have been lost
 in transit, whether misplaced or stolen. 

In addition, in each of these markets, our SaaS
software allows brand owners and consumers to track the products and will alert the consumer or brand owner of product diversion with
24/7 monitoring. As each product has a unique code, this allows consumers and brand owners to authenticate the product in real time and
link directly to the brand owner s website for additional product information, discounts, and more. 

Current Economic Environment 

In early September 2022, the major global carrier
company that PeriShip partners with, disclosed that a global recession could be coming based on various indicators in its business, including
the demand for packages weakening considerably in the final weeks of August 2022, a negative impact on its express delivery business due
to the weakening global economy, particularly in Asia and Europe, and a decline in the volume of freight it handles in every region around
the world. The major global carrier stated that it expects business conditions to further weaken during its current quarter and is responding
by reducing flights, temporarily parking aircraft, trimming hours for its staff, delaying some hiring plans, laying off more than 10 
of its officers and directors, and closing ninety office locations as well as five corporate offices. It also stated it is cutting 500
million from its capital expenditure budget for its fiscal year, which runs through May of 2023. 

We have seen a softening in demand for some services
related to high-end perishable items which seem to be impacted by reduced discretionary spending by U.S. consumers. While a recession,
whether global or more localized to the U.S., may decrease the demand for our services that are more discretionary in nature, we believe
that the internal cost cutting measures, if implemented by the major global carrier, may benefit out-sourced service providers, including
PeriShip Global. Additionally, PeriShip Global is working with this major global carrier to address their small and medium sized
business clients, which we believe is an underserved segment and presents considerable growth opportunities for PeriShip Global. However,
we can provide no assurances that a decline in discretionary consumer spending will not have a negative impact on our revenues and results
of operations. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Business Combination 

On March 1, 2023, we acquired, through Trust Codes
Global, the business and certain assets of Trust Codes Limited, which provides unique item level
codes for brand protection, data intelligence and consumer engagement technology with an expertise in the food and agriculture industry.
Using unique QR codes or IoT, coupled with GS1 standards, we provide brand protection based on a digital identity assigned at the unique
item level delivered to customers through a software as a service model. Leverages advanced algorithms to protect authenticity and brand
value we provide data-driven storytelling which allows visibility of the journey for each item through the supply chain to the consumer s
hands. The purchase price was approximately 1,000,000, which consisted of approximately 350,000 in cash paid at closing, and 353,492
shares of restricted common stock of the Company, representing 650,000 in Stock Consideration. The acquired Trust Codes business is included
in the VerifyMe Solutions segment and we expect the results of its operations will be included in the consolidated financial statement
beginning March 1, 2023. Please refer to Note 17 Subsequent Events to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
appended to this Report and incorporated by reference into Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

On April 22, 2022, we acquired, through PeriShip
Global, the business and certain assets of PeriShip, LLC, a value-added service provider for time and temperature sensitive parcel management. 
PeriShip Global provides shipping logistics services utilizing proprietary predictive analytics software and supporting call center services. 
Using our proprietary IT platform, we provide real-time information and analysis to mitigate supply chain flow interruption, delivering
last-mile resolution for key markets, including the perishable healthcare and food industries. The purchase price was 10.5 million which
consisted of 7.5 million in cash paid at closing, a promissory note of 2.0 million with a fixed interest rate of 6 per annum on the
unpaid principal balance, to be paid in three installments on the sixth, fifteenth, and eighteenth month anniversaries of the closing,
and 305,473 shares of restricted common stock of the Company, representing 1.0 million in stock consideration. We expect that all of
the goodwill recorded for financial statement purposes is deductible for tax purposes. The acquired PeriShip business is included in the
PeriShip Global Solutions segment and the results of its operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements beginning
April 22, 2022. 

SPAC Investment 

On July 6, 2021, we co-sponsored the initial public
offering of G3 VRM Acquisition Corp, a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, through a contribution into G3 VRM
Holdings LLC, or the Sponsor Entity. The closing of the IPO of 10,626,000 Units, including 626,000 Units pursuant to the
partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment, generated gross proceeds of 106,260 thousand. G3 VRM commenced trading on
NASDAQ under the symbol GGGVU and was targeting businesses with enterprise values of approximately 250 million to 500
million within the technology and business services industry. VerifyMe, indirectly through the Sponsor Entity beneficially owned approximately
9.42 of the common stock of the SPAC. 

The SPAC was unable to complete its initial business
combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO and the Sponsor Entity decided not to fund the extension and did not deposit
additional funds into the trust account. As a result, the SPAC was dissolved and liquidated in accordance with its charter. The SPAC redeemed
100 of the public shares for cash, the rights expired worthless, and the founder shares and the private placement securities have become
worthless. In December 2022, it was determined that the costs to dissolve the SPAC were ultimately less than the remaining assets of the
SPAC and the SPAC made a distribution to the Company of 32 thousand. 

The fair value of the equity investment was 0
million as of December 31, 2022, and 11.0 million as of December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, we have recognized the
impairment loss of 10,932 thousand included in Loss on equity investments in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Our Intellectual Property 

Intellectual property is important to our business. Our
current patent and trademark portfolios consist of eleven granted U.S. patents and one granted European patent validated in four
countries (France, Germany, United Kingdom, and Italy), six pending U.S. and foreign patent applications, fifteen registered U.S. trademarks
(of which seven trademarks were acquired through our wholly owned subsidiary, PeriShip Global), two EU trademark registrations, one Colombian
trademark registration, one Australian trademark registration, one Japanese trademark registration, one Mexican trademark registration,
one Singaporean trademark registration, two UK trademark registrations, and twenty-one pending US and foreign trademark applications. 

While some of our granted patents are commercially
ready, we believe that others may have commercial application in the future but will require additional capital and/or a strategic partner
in order to reach the potential markets. All of our patents are related to the inventions described above. Our registered patents expire
between the years 2023 and 2039. The expiration date of a pending application that matures into a registration depends upon the issuance
date and any adjustment under 35 U.S.C. 154(b). 

6 

 Table of Contents 

It is cost prohibitive to register patents in
every country. We continue to develop new technologies and we apply for patent protection for these technologies in countries with the
most market potential and strong patent enforcement tools. When a new product or process is developed, we may seek to preserve the economic
benefit of the product or process by applying for a patent in each jurisdiction in which the product or process is likely to be exploited. 

The issuance of a patent
is considered prima facie evidence of validity. The granting of a patent does not prevent a third party from seeking a judicial
determination that the patent is invalid. Such challenges to the validity of a patent are not uncommon and can be successful. There can
be no assurance that a challenge will not be filed to one or more of our patents, if granted, and that if filed, such a challenge will
not be successful. 

We have trademarked the VerifyMe TM brand
in the United States and have registered and pending applications with respect to our brand internationally. However, our name and brand
could be confused with brands that have similar names, including but not limited to Verified.Me, a service offered to Canadians by SecureKey
Technologies Inc. We have a pending application for the VerifyMe name in Canada but can make no assurances regarding its approval. We
are aware of names and marks similar to our service marks being used from time to time by other persons that could result in confusion
and may diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect our business. See Item 1A Risk Factors for additional information
regarding the risk of confusion of our name with other brands and other intellectual property risks. 

Research and Development 

Current research and
development efforts are focused on expanding our technology into new areas of implementation and to develop unique customer applications.
We spent approximately 89 thousand and 51 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, on research and
development. 

Research in our PeriShip
Global Solutions segment is currently focused on developing: 

multi-carrier software support so our services can be provided to clients no matter which carrier they choose
 to ship their packages; 

the ability to print labels utilizing our own label printing software rather than relying on a carrier s
 print engine; 

an mobile app for smart phones so our clients can access our portal from their phones rather than a personal
 computer; 

the imbedding of artificial intelligence into our proprietary IT portal to expand and improve our predictive
 analytics capabilities; 

imbedding a new temperature sensitive ink solution that will give an indication if a temperature exceeded
 a certain level on packaging for vaccines, food and beverages, and other temperature sensitive packaging, that need constant cold storage
 temperatures during transit; 

creating revenue from our weather analytics. 

Our legacy ink technology
in our VerifyMe Solution Segment is effectively complete, and we are concentrating on the marketing of our technologies. VerifyMe continues
to monitor the market for state-of-the-art innovation and may add new products and services in the future, if we believe it would provide
a competitive market advantage and could be successfully monetized. 

Sales and Marketing
Strategy 

Business development and sales resources are aligned
to support existing customer accounts and new customer development. We use social media channels, such as LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter
as a means of marketing our services. By staying in contact and engaging with customers, we are able to identify possible needs and look
for opportunities to expand the services we are providing. We are currently revising the PeriShip Global website, with an on-line chat
system as well as aligning with the VerifyMe website to advertise our synergistic offerings. We believe many of the clients of PeriShip
Global will benefit from the legacy VerifyMe business consumer engagement and food safety technologies. We will also continue to re-establish
trade show attendance which had declined during the height of the COVID pandemic. 

In lieu of building, training, and supporting
a world-wide internal sales force, we have engaged with multiple strategic partners who have existing relationships in their particular
geographical locations. For our VerifyMe Solutions segment, these strategic partners have relationships with government and brands and
include both paid and commissioned sales only contract arrangements. They are located in the Middle East, Europe, United Kingdom, India,
South Africa, United Arab Emirates, China and Pakistan. We plan to continue to build new strategic partnerships throughout the globe.
We have also established a network of commission only paid consultants within the United States. These consultants mainly focus on brand
owners, and they are not constricted geographically. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Competition 

PeriShip Global has developed its own software
portal with predictive analytics for weather, traffic, power grids, and data feeds it receives from one of the world s largest logistics
carriers. There are approximately 10 U.S. companies that operate a similar business model, however most of these companies specialize
in a particular field such as healthcare or non-perishable building materials. PeriShip Global is operating in all of the perishable segments.
In addition, the major carriers such as FedEx, UPS and DHL all have internal operations servicing the critical time, temperature, and
cold storage shipping segment, however we believe with the economic downturn, major carriers are seeking to outsource perishable shipping
services rather than invest additional funds to provide internal support. 

The market for protection from diversion, theft
and forgery is a mature industry dominated by a number of large, well-established companies, particularly in the area of traditional overt
security technologies where repeating static produced images are commonly used. Security printing for currency production began in Europe
over a century ago and has resulted in the establishment of old-line security printers which have branched out into brand and product
protection as well. In North America, brand protection products, such as tamper-resistant packaging, security labels, and anti-theft devices
are readily available and utilized on a widespread basis. In recent years, however, demand has increased for more sophisticated overt
and covert security technologies with a strong desire for technologies that can provide variable images and data. Competitors can be segregated
into the following groups: (i) security ink manufacturers who are generally well-established companies whose core business is manufacturing
and selling printing inks; (ii) system integrators who have often evolved from other sectors in the printing industry, mainly security
printing manufacturers, technology providers, or packaging and label manufacturers, and who typically offer a range of security solutions
that enable them to provide a complete suite of solutions tailored to the customer s specific needs and requirements; (iii) system
consultancy groups who offer a range of technologies from several different providers and tailor specific solutions to end-users; (iv)
traditional authentication technology providers which provide holograms and digital watermarking; (v) product diversion tracking providers
which provide on-product and in-product tagging technologies; and (vi) traditional security printers whose core products are printing
the world s currencies. In general, we believe competition in our principal markets is primarily driven by product performance,
features and liability; price; ease of implementation, technology effectiveness, digital instant verification; new laws and regulations;
product innovation and timing of new product introductions; ability to develop, maintain and protect proprietary products and technologies;
sales and distribution capabilities; technical support and service; brand loyalty; applications support; and breadth of product line. 

Amazon has become a competitor with their new
 Project Zero brand protection system utilizing their Transparency serialization product. Amazon s product
serialization service provides a unique code for every unit that is manufactured, and the brand puts these codes on its products as part
of its manufacturing process, which Amazon scans and verifies. Amazon s solution must be used within the Amazon ecosystem. This
differs from our visible unit level traceability codes and our covert luminescent pigment which may be incorporated in the labeling and
packaging process as static or variable covert codes. Competition is building in the consumer engagement market as more companies enter
the space but are using mainly NFC technology imbedded into apparel. In addition to this technology, we have the ability to print labels
on more applications including fabrics and metals. 

Some of our competitors have substantially greater
financial, human and other resources than we have. As a result, we may not have sufficient resources to develop and market our services
to the market effectively. We expect competition with our products and services to continue and intensify in the future. 

Major Customers/Vendors 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer
accounted for 13 of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2021, five customers accounted for 95 of total revenue. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, one vendor accounted for
99 of transportation cost in our PeriShip Global Solutions segment. 

As of December 31, 2022, two customers accounted
for 23 of total accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, three customers accounted for 91 of total accounts receivable. 

Employees and External
Sales Force 

As of December 31,
2022, we employed approximately 50 persons and several consultants. Of these employees, approximately 40 were employed in our PeriShip
Global operations and 8 were employed by our legacy business, VerifyMe. Because of the nature of our business, many of our employees and
consultants can, and do, conduct their work for us remotely. 

In lieu of building,
training and supporting a world-wide internal sales force for our VerifyMe legacy business, we have engaged with multiple strategic partners
who have existing government and brand owner relationships in their particular geographical locations. These strategic partnerships include
both paid and commissioned sales only contract arrangements. These strategic partners are located in the Middle East, Europe, United Kingdom,
India, South Africa, United Arab Emirates, Australia, New Zealand, China and Pakistan. We plan to continue to build new strategic partnerships
throughout the globe. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

We have also established
a network of over a dozen commission-paid sales consultants within the United States. These consultants mainly focus on brand owners,
and they are not constricted geographically. 

We have also entered
into commissioned sales contract arrangement with our strategic partner, HP Indigo. 

Available Information 

We make available free
of charge on our website, www.verifyme.com, all materials that we file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ),
including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports,
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such materials with, or furnishing them to, the SEC. We have not incorporated
by reference into this Report the information included, or that can be accessed through, our website and you should not consider it to
be part of this Report. 

The SEC maintains an
Internet website, www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that we file electronically
with the SEC. 

ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS 

Any investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained in this Report,
before you decide whether to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects would likely suffer, possibly materially. In addition, the trading price of our common
stock could decline due to any of these risks or uncertainties, and you may lose part or all of your investment. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We have engaged, and may engage in future,
acquisitions or strategic partnerships that increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume
contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 

We may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic
partnerships, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. For example,
in April 2022, we acquired the business of PeriShip, LLC PeriShip through our wholly owned subsidiary PeriShip Global
and in March 2023, we acquired the business of Trust Codes Limited, Trust Codes through our wholly owned subsidiary Trust
Codes Global Limited Trust Codes Global ). To realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions, we must successfully
integrate these businesses with ours. The integration of these businesses and any potential acquisition or strategic partnership entails
numerous risks, including: 

increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the assumption of indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

dilution of our stockholder s equity due to the issuance of additional equity securities; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating
 new personnel; 

the diversion of our management s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger
 or acquisition; 

retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; and 

our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition
 or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 

In addition, if we undertake acquisitions, we
may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could
result in significant future amortization expense. Moreover, we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities and this
inability could impair our ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development of our
business. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Our PeriShip Global Solutions segment relies on one key strategic
partner for shipping services for our customers and as a source for customers representing a substantial percentage of our revenues. 

Our business is dependent, and we believe that
it will continue to depend, on our relationship with one strategic partner. PeriShip Global partners with one major global carrier for
all its customers shipping needs. While we work closely with this key strategic partner and have transportation services and pricing
agreements in place covering the shipping services they provide to our customers, such agreements are subject to termination or modification
from time to time. If our strategic partner is unwilling or unable to supply to us the shipping services we market and sell on acceptable
terms, or at all, or otherwise elects to terminate its business relationship with us, we may not be able to obtain alternative shipping
services from other providers on acceptable terms, in a timely manner, or at all, and our business may be materially and adversely impacted.
We do not currently have any alternative shipping service suppliers from which we can obtain the shipping services we currently receive
from our strategic partner. Establishing the necessary information technology infrastructure and business relationship with another shipping
services provider would be costly and time consuming and may ultimately not be successful or cost-effective. Further, any increase in
the prices charged by our single strategic partner or failure to perform by our strategic partner could cause our costs to increase or
could cause us to experience short-term unavailability of shipping services on which our business relies. 

In particular, delays and other shipping disruptions
at our strategic partner significantly negatively impact our business. Our business involves the shipment of time and temperature sensitive
goods, so our customers are significantly negatively impacted by delays and other shipping disruptions that cause product loss, spoilage
and reputational harm. An increase in delays and other shipping disruptions on the part of our strategic partner could cause our clients
to seek shipping solutions from our competitors who use alternative shipping service providers. If these events occur, it may reduce our
profitability or may cause us to increase our prices. In addition, any material interruptions in shipping services by this strategic partner
may result in significant cost increases and reduce sales, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations
and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

In addition to relying on this strategic partner
for shipping services, a significant portion of our revenue is generated through a service agreement pursuant to which this strategic
partner resells our services to its customers under a white label arrangement. Under this arrangement we provide our logistics
services to our strategic partner s customers in exchange for a pre-negotiated service fee per shipment. Sales through our strategic
partner accounted for approximately 13 of revenue of our PeriShip Global Solutions segment for the year ended December 31, 2022. If we
fail to maintain certain minimum service level requirements related to our service with this strategic partner, it may terminate our agreement
to provide them with such service. If our strategic partner terminates our agreement, requires us to renegotiate the terms of our existing
agreement or we are unable to renew such agreement on mutually agreeable terms, no longer makes our services available to its customers,
replaces our services with one or more competitors, develops and supplants our services for its own service offerings, or we experience
a significant reduction in business from this strategic partner, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be
materially adversely affected. 

Our key strategic partner has announced that it is developing
a service that may be competitive to our own, and others may do the same. 

In the second quarter of 2020 our key strategy
partner publicly announced that it plans to develop an inhouse software solution in collaboration with a multinational software company
that may ultimately be competitive with our service offerings. In January 2022, our key strategy partner announced the development of
a logistics as a service solution as a result of this collaboration. The details regarding this product offering, and whether this inhouse
solution will ultimately be developed and successfully launched commercially, are unclear. To date we do not believe that this product
offering has been adopted by our existing clients or adversely impacted our results in a material way. However, if our key strategic partner
takes steps to position this product offering as a replacement or competitor to our service offerings, there can be no assurance that
such steps would not increase our cost of delivering our services to our customers, hinder our ability to deliver our services to our
customers, entice our existing customers to discontinue using our services, or reduce the number of customers referred to us by our strategic
partner. In addition, other carriers or companies, such as Amazon, may develop services that compete with ours. Further, some of our existing
customers may develop their own logistics capabilities such that they no longer require our services. Any of these events could harm our
business, financial condition and results of operations and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our business is subject to seasonal trends. 

Historically, our operating results in the PeriShip
Global Solutions segment have been subject to seasonal trends when measured on a quarterly basis. Our first and second quarters have traditionally
been the weakest compared to our third and fourth quarters. This trend is dependent on numerous factors including economic conditions,
customer demand and weather. Because revenue is directly related to the available working days of shippers, national holidays and the
number of business days during a given period may also create seasonal impact on our results of operations. After the winter holiday season
and during the remaining winter months, our freight volumes are typically lower because some customers reduce shipment levels. In addition,
a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from customers in industries whose shipping patterns are tied closely to consumer demand
which can sometimes be difficult to predict or are based on just-in-time production schedules. Therefore, our revenue is, to a large degree,
affected by factors that are outside of our control. There can be no assurance that our historic operating patterns will continue in future
periods as we cannot influence or forecast many of these factors. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Severe climate conditions and other catastrophic events can have
an adverse impact on our business. 

Our business involves the shipment of time and
temperature sensitive goods, so our customers are significantly negatively impacted by delays and other shipping disruptions that cause
product loss, spoilage and reputational harm. Disasters, severe weather, public health issues, such as pandemics, earthquake, cyber-attack,
heightened security measures, actual or threatened terrorist attack, strike, civil unrest, or other catastrophic event may cause shipment
delays or an inability to ship, which could prevent, delay or reduce shipment volumes and could have an adverse impact on consumer spending
and confidence levels, all of which could result in decreased revenues. In particular, c ertain weather-related
conditions such as ice and snow can disrupt the operations of our carrier partners during the peak holiday season, which could have a
disproportionately large negative impact on our business and revenues. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry and our business
may suffer if we are unable to adequately address potential downward pricing pressures and other competitive factors. 

The transportation and logistics industry is highly
competitive and cyclical, and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. The traceability and consumer engagement industry is
also highly competitive. We face competition in all geographic markets and each industry sector in which we operate. Many of these competitors
have significantly more resources and are actively pursuing acquisition opportunities and are developing new technologies to gain competitive
advantages. The primary competitive factors are price and quality of service. Increased competition or our inability to compete successfully
may lead to a reduction in our volume, reduced revenues, reduced profit margins, increased pricing pressure, or a loss of customer relationships,
any one of which could affect our business and financial results. Numerous competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain our
current profitability, including the following: 

our competitors may periodically reduce their prices to gain business, especially during times of weak economic conditions, which may
 limit our ability to maintain or increase prices or impede our ability to maintain or grow our customer relationships; 

our inability to achieve expected customer retention levels or sales growth targets; 

we compete with many other transportation and logistics service providers, and companies providing traceability and consumer engagement
 solutions, some of which have greater capital resources or lower cost structures than us; 

our inability to compete with new entrants in the market that may offer similar services at lower cost or have greater technological capabilities; 

customers may choose to provide for themselves the services that we now provide; 

many customers periodically accept proposals from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, and this process may depress rates or result
 in the loss of some of our business to competitors; and 

advances in technology require increased investments to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices
 to cover the cost of these investments; and 

we may not have sufficient resources to develop and market our services effectively, or at all. 

The shipping and logistics industry is rapidly
evolving. We expect to continue to face significant competition, which could materially adversely affect us. 

The shipping and logistics industry is rapidly
evolving, including demands for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. We expect to face significant competition on
a local, regional, national and international basis. Competitors include the U. S. and other international postal services, various motor
carriers, express companies, freight forwarders, air couriers, large transportation and e-commerce companies that have made and continue
to make significant investments in their own logistics capabilities, some of whom are currently our customers. We also face competition
from start-ups and other smaller companies that combine technologies with crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. Competition may
also come from other sources in the future as new technologies are developed. Competitors have cost, operational and organizational structures
that differ from ours and may offer services or pricing terms that we are not willing or able to offer. Additionally, to sustain the level
of service and value that we deliver to our customers, from time to time we may raise prices and our customers may not be willing to accept
these higher prices. If we do not timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, including replacing any lost volume or maintaining
our profitability, we could be materially adversely affected. 

Damage to our brand image and corporate reputation could materially
adversely affect us. 

Our success depends on our ability to consistently
deliver operational excellence and strong customer service. Our inability to deliver our services and solutions as promised on a consistent
basis, or our customers having a negative experience or otherwise becoming dissatisfied, can negatively impact our relationships with
new or existing customers and adversely affect our brand and reputation, which could, in turn, adversely affect revenue and earnings growth.
Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our employees, contractors, suppliers, agents or others with whom
we do business, such as customer service mishaps or noncompliance with laws, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our
brand. With the increase in the use of social media outlets such as Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn and Twitter, adverse publicity
can be disseminated quickly and broadly, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. Damage to our reputation and
loss of brand equity could have a material adverse effect on us, and could require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and
restore the value of our brand. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

The Company has significant goodwill and
other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial results. 

The Company has recorded significant goodwill
and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet as a result of its acquisition of the PeriShip business in 2022. A number
of factors may result in impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets, including significant negative industry or economic trends,
disruptions to our business, increased competition and significant changes in the use of the assets. Impairment charges could adversely
affect the Company's financial condition or results of operations in the periods recognized. 

Our customers businesses may be negatively
affected by various economic and other factors such as recessions, downturns in the economy, inflation, global uncertainty and instability,
the effects of pandemics, changes in United States social, political, and regulatory conditions and/or a disruption of financial markets,
which may decrease demand for our services or increase our costs. 

Adverse economic and other conditions, both in
the United States and internationally, can negatively affect our customers business levels, the amount of logistics services they
need, their ability to pay for our services and overall freight levels, any of which might impair our profitability. For example, inflation
and uncertainty and instability in the global economy and geopolitical events may lead to fewer goods being transported. Many of the products
our clients ship are luxury or discretionary products and the demand for such products may decrease in adverse economic times. Further,
when adverse economic times arise, customers may select competitors that offer lower rates or choose to ship their goods without logistical
support in an attempt to lower their costs. These and other economic factors such as recessions could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial conditions and results of operations and we might be forced to lower our rates or lose customers. 

Overall economic conditions that reduce
freight volumes could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and ability to achieve growth. 

We are sensitive to changes in overall economic
conditions that impact customer shipping volumes. The transportation and logistics industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations
in financial results due to economic recession, downturns in business cycles of our customers, interest and currency rate fluctuations,
inflation and other economic factors beyond our control. Changes in U.S. trade policy could lead to trade wars impacting
the volume of economic activity in the United States, and as a result, shipping volumes may be materially reduced. Such a reduction may
materially and adversely affect our business. 

Reductions in discretionary consumer
spending could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The services and products we provide are sensitive
to reductions from time to time in discretionary consumer spending. For example, demand for high-end perishable items and cannabis products,
and subsequently the demand for shipping, brand protection, and other services related to such, can be affected by changes in the economy
and consumer tastes, both of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions,
including recessions, economic slowdowns, sustained high levels of unemployment, and rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak
or weakening economic conditions, may reduce consumer s disposable income or result in a decrease in demand for our services and
products. As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our services and products will materialize or remain constant. In early September,
2022, the major global carrier company that PeriShip partners with disclosed that a global recession could be coming based on various
indicators in its business including the demand for packages weakening considerably in the final weeks of August 2022, a negative impact
on its express delivery business due to the weakening global economy, particularly in Asia and Europe, and a decline in the volume of
freight it handles in every region around the world. The major global carrier stated that it expects business conditions to further weaken
during its current quarter and is responding by reducing flights, temporarily parking aircraft, trimming hours for its staff, delaying
some hiring plans and closing ninety office locations as well as five corporate offices. It also stated it is cutting 500 million from
its capital expenditure budget for its fiscal year, which runs through May of 2023. 

We have seen a softening in demand for some services
related to high-end perishable items which seem to be impacted by reduced discretionary spending by U.S. consumers. While a recession,
whether global or more localized to the U.S., may decrease the demand for our services that are more discretionary in nature, we believe
that the internal cost cutting measures, if implemented by the major global carrier may benefit out-sourced service providers, including
PeriShip Global. Additionally, PeriShip Global is working with this major global carrier to address their small and medium sized
business clients, which we believe is an underserved segment and presents considerable growth opportunities for PeriShip Global. However,
we can provide no assurances that a decline in discretionary consumer spending will not have a negative impact on our revenues and results
of operations. Adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, including a general tightening of availability of credit,
decreased liquidity in certain financial markets, increased interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations, increased energy costs, acts
of war or terrorism, transportation disruptions, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, sustained high levels of unemployment
or significant declines in stock markets, as well as concerns regarding pandemics, epidemics and the spread of contagious diseases, could
lead to a further reduction in consumer discretionary spending and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
or operations. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Global supply-chain delays and shortages
may adversely impact our customers or potential customers. 

Global supply-chain delays and shortages, which
are out of our control, are currently affecting a wide variety of businesses globally including one of our customers. Supply-chain delays
shortages may affect our customers or potential customers which would adversely affect our operations. 

We have a history
of losses and we may never achieve or maintain profitability . 

Since our inception,
we have incurred operating losses in each year due to costs incurred in connection with research and development activities and general
and administrative expenses associated with our operations. In addition, we have made significant expenditures on acquisitions and may
continue to complete acquisitions in the future. We expect to continue to incur expenditures to develop and market our services and to
make acquisitions and could continue to incur operating losses and negative operating cash flow. We may encounter unforeseen expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. Our ability to generate profits
will depend, in part, on our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and any future losses have had and may continue
to have an adverse effect on our working capital. If we fail to generate revenue and become profitable, or if we are unable to fund our
continuing losses, our shareholders could lose all or part of their investments. 

Our ability to
use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 

Our net operating loss
carryforwards NOLs ), and certain other tax attributes could be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities because
of restrictions under U.S. tax law. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the TCJA, federal NOLs generated in tax years ending after December
31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely. The carryforwards are limited to 80 of each subsequent year's net income. 

In addition, Sections
382 and 383 of the Code, contain rules that limit the ability of a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (generally,
any change in ownership of more than 50 of the corporation's stock over a three-year period) to utilize its pre-change NOLs and tax credit
carryforwards to offset future taxable income. These rules generally operate by focusing on ownership changes involving stockholders owning
directly or indirectly 5 or more of the stock of a corporation and any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of stock by the
company. Generally, if an ownership change occurs, the yearly taxable income limitation on the use of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards
and certain built-in losses is equal to the product of the applicable long-term, tax-exempt rate and the value of the corporation's stock
immediately before the ownership change. In 2022, we completed the IRC Section 382 analysis, and determined that an ownership change occurred
sufficient to impose additional limitations on the use of NOL carryforwards. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Federal and state NOLs
of 23.1 million and 0, respectively, will expire unutilized due to the limitations of Section 382, leaving Federal and state NOL carryforwards
of 24.4 million and 13.1 million, respectively that may be offset against future taxable income. In the event future ownership changes
are determined, we might be unable to offset our taxable income with losses, or our tax liability with credits, before such losses and
credits expire, in which event we could incur larger federal and state income tax liabilities than we would have had we not experienced
an ownership change. 

Because our name and brand could be confused
with brands that have similar names, we may be adversely affected by any confusion or negative publicity related to others that use a
name similar to VerifyMe in their brand names . 

We have trademarked the VerifyMe TM brand
in the United States and have pending applications with respect to our brand internationally. However, our name and brand has been and
could be in the future confused with brands that have similar names, including but not limited to Verified.Me, a service offered to Canadians
by SecureKey Technologies Inc. and www.verifyme.ng, a website offering verification services in Nigeria. We have deleted classifications
in our Canada trademark application for the VerifyMe name, in an effort to avoid confusion with the prior-registered SecureKey trademark.
We have also attempted to contact the operators of the Nigeria website to resolve the confusion caused there but to date have been unsuccessful
in our efforts. Further, we have registered certain trademarks and service marks in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We are
aware of names and marks similar to our service marks being used from time to time by other persons. Although we oppose any such infringement,
further or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks or service marks may diminish the value of our brands
and adversely affect our business. 

If our technologies
do not work as anticipated once we achieve meaningful sales, we will not be successful . 

Our business depends
on our ability to market and sell our technology. Without material sales and acceptance from customers with respect to our technologies,
we will not be successful. We can provide no assurances that the market will accept our products or that we will achieve any meaningful
sales. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

If our technology
cannot be used successfully to proactively provide analytics logistics management, we may not be able to generate material revenue . 

Our proprietary technology
is the core of our PeriShip Global operations. The failure of our technology will result in the stoppage of our operation. Due to the
fact our business is the monitoring of time sensitive goods movement, any stoppage will result in the financial loss and service liability
damage. In order to stay competitive, we need to ensure the continuity and the timeliness of our service, it is essential that the technology
platform has redundancy built in, high performing and scalable. 

Because many of our current and target customers
are large companies, their internal policies and resistance to change may impair our ability to successfully commercialize our products . 

Our ability to become successful and generate
positive cash flow will be dependent upon the extent of commercialization of products using our technology. Commercialization of new technology
products often has a very long lead time. This problem is exacerbated when customers are large entities. Our current and target customers
are large entities. These factors may adversely affect our ability to commercialize our technologies, or any products or services related
to our technologies. Further, we cannot assure you that commercialization will result in profitability. 

Our future growth will depend upon the success
of our strategic partners who integrate our solutions into their product offerings . 

We rely on strategic partnerships with one large
logistics carrier for our PeriShip Global Solutions segment and larger companies which integrate our technologies into their product offerings
for our legacy VerifyMe Solutions segment. These strategies leave us largely dependent upon the success of our partners. If any of our
strategic partners who include our technology in their products cease to do so, or we fail to obtain other partners who will incorporate,
embed, integrate or bundle our technology, or these partners are unsuccessful in their efforts, expanding deployment of our technology,
our business and future growth would be materially and adversely affected. 

If we cannot manage
our growth effectively, we may not become profitable . 

Businesses which grow
rapidly often have difficulty managing their growth. If we continue to grow as rapidly as we anticipate, we will need to expand our management
by recruiting and employing experienced key employees capable of providing the necessary support. We cannot assure you that our management
will be able to manage our growth effectively or successfully. Our failure to meet these challenges could harm our financial condition
and ability to become profitable. 

Because a small number of customers account
for most of our revenue, the loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse impact on our operating results and cash flows . 

We derive our revenue from a limited number of
customers and our revenue in 2022 grew to 19,576 thousand with the acquisition of PeriShip Global, compared to 867 thousand in 2021.
Our principal revenue has been generated from thirty customers in 2022, compared to five customers in 2021. Certain of our agreements
with customers have short terms or can be terminated on short notice. Any termination of a business relationship with, or a significant
sustained reduction in business received from, one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and
cash flows. If we are unable to materially increase the number of our customers and the number of products for which they use our service,
it could adversely impact our financial condition and our business. 

We will need to expand our sales, marketing
and support organizations and our distribution arrangements to increase market acceptance of our products and services . 

We currently have a limited number of sales, marketing,
customer service and support personnel and may need to increase our staff, or further outsource our sales process, to generate a greater
volume of sales and to support any new customers or the expanding needs of existing customers. The employment market for sales, marketing,
customer service and support personnel in our industry is very competitive, and we may not be able to hire the kind and number of sales,
marketing, customer service and support personnel we are targeting. Our inability to hire or outsource qualified sales, marketing, customer
service and support personnel may harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We may not be able to sufficiently build
out our distribution network or enter into arrangements with qualified sales personnel on acceptable terms or at all. If we are not able
to develop greater distribution capacity, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our operations. 

If we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, or if the costs involved in protecting and defending these rights are prohibitively high, our business and operating
results may suffer . 

Our patent rights, trade secrets, copyrights,
trademarks, domain names and other product rights are critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by
relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We may enter into confidentiality and invention
assignment agreements with our employees and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business to limit access to,
and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However, these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect
our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development of similar
technologies by others. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

As management deems appropriate,
we will pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks, and service marks in the U.S. and in certain locations outside the U.S.
We will seek to protect our trademarks, patents and domain names in an increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive
and time-consuming and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every location. It may be expensive and cost prohibitive to
file patents worldwide and we may be financially required to file patents in select countries where we see the greatest potential for
our technologies. We may, over time, increase our investment in protecting our innovations through increased patent filings that are expensive
and time-consuming and may not result in issued patents that can be effectively enforced. 

If we are required
to sue third parties who we allege are violating our intellectual property rights, or if we are sued for violating a third party s
patents or other intellectual property rights, we may incur substantial expenses, and we could incur substantial damages, including amounts
we cannot afford to pay . 

Litigation may be necessary
to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed
by others. Patent and intellectual property litigation is extremely expensive and beyond our ability to pay. While third parties
do, under certain circumstances, finance litigation for companies that file suit, we cannot assure you that we could find a third party
to finance any claim we choose to pursue. Moreover, third parties frequently refuse to finance companies that are sued. Any
litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity or diversion of management
and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If we fail to maintain, protect and enforce
our intellectual property rights, our business and operating results may be harmed. 

From time-to-time, we may face allegations that
we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our competitors
and inactive entities. Patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult
to predict. As the result of any court judgment or settlement, we may be obligated to cancel the launch of a new feature or product, stop
offering certain features or products, pay royalties or significant settlement costs, purchase licenses or modify our products and features. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements
or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired . 

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ). We expect that the requirements of these rules
and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult,
time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. 

SOX requires, among other things, that we maintain
effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our
disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we will file with SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that
information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and
financial officers. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related
costs and significant management oversight. 

Our management concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, and the remediated material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in Item 9A of the Report covering the year ended December 31, 2021 have been remediated. Any failure to develop or maintain
effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure
to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management
evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. 

Material weaknesses in our disclosure controls
and internal control over financial reporting may be identified in the future. Any failure to maintain existing or implement required
new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result in additional material weaknesses, cause
us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. If we are unable
to effectively remediate material weaknesses in a timely manner, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our
financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Because we do business outside of the United
States, we may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, violations of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business . 

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice
Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political
parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations and
agreements with third parties and make sales in jurisdictions which may be subject to corruption. These activities create the risk of
unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants or agents of our Company, because these parties are not
always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. However, our existing
safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors
of our company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil
sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our business depends on our ability to successfully
develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate information technology systems. 

We rely heavily on the proper functioning and
availability of our information technology systems for our operations as well as for providing value-added services to our customers.
Our information systems are integral to the efficient operation of our business. We strive to be best in class, and in order to do so,
we must correctly interpret and address market trends and enhance the features and functionality of our technology platform in response
to these trends, which may lead to significant ongoing software development costs and capital investments in information technology infrastructure.
We may be unable to accurately determine the needs of our customers and integrate cohesively with our key strategic partner, and identify
the trends in the transportation services industry, in a timely and cost-effective manner, which could result in decreased demand for
our services and a corresponding decrease in our revenues. Despite testing, external and internal risks, such as malware, insecure coding,
 Acts of God, data leakage and human error pose a direct threat to our information technology systems and operations. We
may also be subject to cybersecurity attacks and other intentional hacking. Any failure to identify and address such defects or errors
or prevent a cyber-attack could result in service interruptions, operational difficulties, loss of revenues or market share, liability
to customers or others, diversion of resources, injury to our reputation and increased service and maintenance costs. Addressing such
issues could prove to be impossible or very costly and responding to resulting claims or liability could similarly involve substantial
cost. We must maintain and enhance the reliability and speed of our information technology systems to remain competitive and effectively
handle higher volumes of shipments. If our information technology systems are unable to manage additional volume for our operations as
our business grows, or if such systems are not suited to manage the various service modes we offer or businesses we acquire, our service
levels and operating efficiency could decline. If we fail to hire and retain qualified personnel to implement, protect and maintain our
information technology systems or if we fail to upgrade our systems to meet our customers and strategic operating partners 
demands, our business and results of operations could be seriously harmed. This could result in a loss of customers or a decline in the
volume of shipments we receive from customers. 

Our information technology systems also depend
upon the Internet, third-party service providers, global communications providers, satellite-based communications systems, the electric
utilities grid, electric utility providers and telecommunications providers as well as their respective vendors. The services and service
providers have all experienced significant system failures and outages at some point in the past. We have minimal control over the operation,
quality, or maintenance of these services or whether vendors will improve their services or continue to provide services that are essential
to our business. Disruptions due to transitional challenges in upgrading or enhancing our technology systems; failures in the services
upon which our information technology platforms rely, including those that may arise from adverse weather conditions or natural calamities,
such as floods, hurricanes, earthquakes or tornadoes; illegal acts, including terrorist attacks; human error or systems modernization
initiatives; and/or other disruptions, may adversely affect our business, which could increase our costs or result in a loss of customers
that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 

Our information technology systems are subject
to cyber and other risks some of which are beyond our control. A security breach, failure or disruption of these services could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. 

Our information systems are integral to the efficient
operation of our business and handle sensitive customer and shipment data. It is critical that the data processed by these systems remain
secure, as it often includes competitive customer information, confidential transaction data, employee records and key financial and operational
results and statistics. The sophistication of efforts by hackers, foreign governments, cyber-terrorists, and cyber-criminals, acting individually
or in coordinated groups, to launch distributed denial of service attacks, ransomware or other coordinated attacks that may cause service
outages, gain inappropriate or block legitimate access to systems or information, or result in other business interruptions has continued
to increase in recent years. We utilize third-party service providers who have access to our systems and certain sensitive data, which
exposes us to additional security risks, particularly given the complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection.
While we and our third-party service providers have experienced cyber-attacks and attempted breaches of our and their information technology
systems and networks or similar events from time to time, no such incidents have been, individually or in the aggregate, material to us.
Cyber incidents that impact the security, availability, reliability, speed, accuracy or other proper functioning of our systems, information
and measures, including outages, computer viruses, theft or misuse by third parties or insiders, break-ins and similar disruptions, could
have a significant adverse impact on our operations. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

It is difficult to fully protect against the possibility
of power loss, telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, ransomware and other cyber incidents in every potential circumstance that may
arise. A significant cyber incident, including system failure, security breach, disruption by malware or ransomware, or other damage,
could interrupt or delay our operations, damage our reputation and brand, cause a loss of customers, expose us to a risk of loss or litigation,
result in regulatory scrutiny, investigations, actions, fines or penalties and/or cause us to incur significant time and expense to remedy
such an event, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. Furthermore, any
failure to comply with data privacy, biometric privacy, data security or other laws and regulations could result in claims, legal or regulatory
proceedings, inquiries or investigations. To comply with this changing landscape, we may be required to further segregate our systems
and operations, implement additional controls, or adopt new systems, all of which could increase the cost and complexity of our operations.
In addition, our insurance is intended to address costs associated with aspects of cyber incidents, network failures and privacy-related
concerns, may not sufficiently cover all types of losses or claims that may arise. 

Evolving regulations concerning data privacy
may result in increased regulation and different industry standards, which could prevent us from providing our current products to our
users, or require us to modify our products, thereby harming our business. 

The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide
is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission
and security of personal information by companies operating over the Internet and mobile platforms have recently come under increased
public scrutiny, and civil claims alleging liability for the breach of data privacy have been asserted against companies. The U.S. government,
including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, has announced that it is reviewing the need for greater regulation
for the collection of information concerning consumer behavior on the Internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted
advertising practices. 

Many jurisdictions have already taken steps to
restrict and penalize companies that collect and utilize information from their users and the general public. For example, in May 2018
the European Union made sweeping reforms to its existing data protection legal framework by enacting the General Data Protection Regulation
(the GDPR ), which resulted in a greater compliance burden for many companies with users in Europe. The GDPR includes operational
requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the European Union that are broader and more stringent
than those previously in place in the European Union and in most other jurisdictions around the world. The GDPR also imposes significant
penalties for non-compliance, including fines of up to 20 million or 4 of total worldwide revenue. 

Additionally, we may be subject to increasingly
complex and expansive data privacy regulations within the United States. For example, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy
Act (the CCPA ), which became effective in 2020. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide California consumers with
disclosures and expands the rights afforded consumers regarding their data. Fines for noncompliance of the CCPA can be as high as 8 thousand
per violation. Since the CCPA was enacted, Nevada and Maine have enacted similar legislation designed to protect the personal information
of consumers and penalize companies that fail to comply, and other states have proposed similar legislation. The costs of compliance with,
and other burdens imposed by, the GDPR, CCPA, and similar laws may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and/or require
us to incur substantial compliance costs, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We rely on the services of third-party data
center hosting facilities. Interruptions or delays in those services could impair the delivery of our service and harm our business. 

We utilize cloud computing technology. It is hosted
pursuant to agreements on technology platforms by third-party service providers. We do not control the operation of these providers or
their facilities, and the facilities are vulnerable to damage, interruption or misconduct. Unanticipated problems at these facilities
could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. If the services of one or more of these providers are terminated, disrupted, interrupted
or suspended for any reason, we could experience disruption in our ability to provide our services, which may harm our business and reputation.
Further, any damage to, or failure of, the cloud services we use could result in interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our service
may damage our reputation, reduce our revenue, cause customers to terminate their agreements and adversely affect our ability to attract
new customers. While we believe our strong partnerships reduce our risk, our business would be harmed if our customers and potential customers
believe our services are unreliable. Additionally, if our service providers fail to meet their obligations, provide poor, inaccurate or
untimely service, or we are unable to make alternative arrangements for these services, we may fail, in turn, to provide our services
or to meet our obligations to our users, and our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely
affected. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Fluctuations in labor costs, raw materials,
changes in the availability of key suppliers, or catastrophic events may increase the cost of our products and services. 

Increases in labor costs might be difficult to
pass on to our customers. In our VerifyMe Solutions segment, security pigments, ink canisters, labels and bar codes are key elements in
the cost of our products. Our inability to offset material price inflation could adversely affect our results of operations. We rely on
one global carrier for transportation services, one supplier to procure our raw materials, one strategic partner to produce our ink canisters,
and it is difficult to predict what effects shortages or price increases for the raw materials we use to make our products may have in
the future. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our supplier s inability to scale
production and adjust delivery during times of volatile demand. Our inability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to
fulfill obligations under current contracts or enter new contracts to sell our products, which would, in turn, result in reduced sales
and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. 

Our ability to become profitable is largely
dependent upon our ability to continually improve our platforms and acquiring new customers in increasingly competitive markets. 

Our ability to become profitable depends upon
a number of factors, including our ability to (i) identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends, (ii) develop
and maintain competitive products, (iii) defend our market share against an ever-expanding number of competitors including many new and
non-traditional competitors, (iv) enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate our products from those of our
competitors and prevent commoditization of our products, (v) develop, manufacture and bring compelling new products to market quickly
and cost-effectively, (vi) monitor disruptive technologies and business models, (vii) achieve sufficient return on investment for new
products introduced based on capital expenditures and research and development spending, (viii) respond to changes in overall trends related
to end market demand, (ix) leverage our strategic partnerships to develop and commercialize new and existing products and (x) attract,
develop and retain individuals with the requisite skill, expertise and understanding of customers needs to develop new technologies
and introduce new products and sell our current products. The failure of our technologies or products to gain market acceptance due to
more attractive offerings by our competitors or the failure to address any of the above factors could significantly reduce our revenues
and adversely affect our competitive standing and prospects. 

The expenses or losses associated with lack
of widespread market acceptance of our solutions may harm our business, operating results and financial condition . 

Rapid technological changes and frequent new product
introductions are typical in the markets we serve. Our future success will depend in part on continuous, timely development and introduction
of new products that address evolving market requirements. To the extent we fail to introduce new and innovative products, we may lose
any market share we have to our competitors, which may be difficult or impossible to regain. Any inability, for technological or other
reasons, to successfully develop and introduce new products could harm our business. Additionally, we may experience delays in the development
and introduction of products, we may be unable keep pace with the rapid rate of change in anti-counterfeiting and security products 
research, and any new products acquired or developed by us may not meet the requirements of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance.
If we are unable to develop new products to meet market demands, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

As a company with revenues deriving from
clients in the cannabis industry, we face many unique and evolving risks. 

We currently derive approximately 5 of revenues
from clients in the cannabis industry from use of our track and trace and customer engagement technologies. As such, any risks related
to the cannabis industry may adversely impact our clients, and potential clients, which may in turn, impact the demand for our products
and services. Specific risks impacting the cannabis industry include, but are not limited, to the following: 

United States federal law
prohibits Marijuana 

Under the Controlled Substances
Act CSA ), marijuana is a Schedule-I controlled substance making it illegal under federal law to grow, cultivate, distribute,
sell or possess marijuana for any purpose or to assist or conspire with those who do so. Although the use of marijuana is legal in certain
states under state law, since federal law supersedes state law, strict enforcement of federal law would likely result in adverse effects
on our clients operations, which would in turn, adversely impact our revenues. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Banking regulations could
limit access to banking services and expose us to risk 

Funds received from our clients
in the cannabis industry, operating legally under state law, may subject us to a variety of federal laws and regulations involving money
laundering, financial record keeping and proceeds of crime, since the funds are considered illegal under the CSA and as such banks and
other financial institutions providing services to us risk violation of anti money laundering statutes and other applicable statutes.
Furthermore, banks often refuse to provide banking services to businesses involved in the cannabis industry due to the federal and state
laws and regulations governing financial institutions. The difficulty and potential inability to open bank accounts that our clients in
the cannabis industry deal with, makes it difficult to conduct business and as such could affect our ability to collect revenues earned.
Furthermore, our clients in this industry are more susceptible to theft, and potentially lack the ability to insure themselves against
theft. We may experience similar difficulties in obtaining banking and financial services because of the activities of our clients in
the cannabis industry. 

The legality of cannabis
could be reversed in one or more states 

The voters or legislatures
of states in which marijuana has already been legalized could potentially repeal applicable laws that permit the operation of both medical
and retail marijuana businesses. These actions might force businesses, including those that are our clients, to cease operations in one or
more states entirely. Additionally, these actions could negatively impact us and lead to a decrease of our revenue through the loss of
current and potential customers. 

Recent and changing interpretations
of the law regarding medical and recreational use of marijuana 

State laws and regulations
surrounding medical and recreational use of marijuana are fairly recent and constantly changing resulting in a potential challenge to
maintain compliance. As such, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could be disruptive to our clients business
and in return cause a disruption in our operations. Future modifications of state and local laws surrounding marijuana, may limit operations
of our clients business in this industry, which could negatively impact our revenues. 

Dependence on client licensing 

Our clients in the cannabis
industry must obtain various licenses from various local and state licensing agencies. As such, there is a risk that our existing clients
will not be able to retain their licenses going forward, should they violate applicable rules and regulations, or should renewal become
more stringent. If our customers are not able to maintain or renew their licenses, this would adversely impact our operations. 

Insurance Risk 

Insurance companies may limit
policies to only cover claims legal under federal law. As such our clients in the cannabis industry may not be properly insured. Any claims
against our clients may have a negative impact on our ability to collect revenues from our clients in the cannabis sector. 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock 

Upon exercise of our outstanding options
or warrants, conversion of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and vesting of our restricted stock units, we will be obligated to
issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock which will dilute our present shareholders . 

We are obligated to issue additional shares of
our common stock in connection with our outstanding options, warrants and shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. As of December
31, 2022, there were options, warrants, shares of Series B Convertible Stock outstanding, and restricted stock units convertible into
337,471; 5,103,455; 144,444; and 413,626 shares of common stock, respectively. The exercise, conversion or exchange of warrants or convertible
securities, including for other securities, will cause us to issue additional shares of our common stock and will dilute the percentage
ownership of our shareholders. In addition, we have in the past, and may in the future, exchange outstanding securities for other securities
on terms that are dilutive to the securities held by other shareholders not participating in such exchange. 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline . Sales of large blocks
of our common stock over a short time in the spring of 2022 had a significant adverse effect on our common stock price. Further sales
could depress the price of our common stock. The existence of these shares and shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, warrants and options create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang 
which can act as a depressant to our common stock price. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring,
also could make our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-linked securities more difficult in the
future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. If our existing shareholders and investors seek to sell a substantial
number of shares of our common stock, such selling efforts may cause significant declines in the market price of our common stock. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Our common stock may be affected by limited
trading volume and price fluctuations, which could adversely impact the value of our common stock . Our common stock
has experienced, and is likely to experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations, which could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, we believe that factors such as quarterly fluctuations
in our financial results and changes in the overall economy or the condition of the financial markets could cause the price of our common
stock to fluctuate substantially. These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to periodically enter the market in the belief that
we will have poor results in the future. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and, therefore, can offer no assurances
that the market for our common stock will be stable or appreciate over time. 

Because we may issue preferred stock without
the approval of our shareholders and have other anti-takeover defenses, it may be more difficult for a third party to acquire us and could
depress our stock price . In general, our Board of Directors may issue, without a vote of our shareholders, one or
more additional series of preferred stock that have more than one vote per share, although the Company s ability to designate and
issue preferred stock is currently restricted by covenants under our agreements with prior investors. Without these restrictions, our
Board of Directors could issue preferred stock to investors who support us and our management and give effective control of our business
to our management. Additionally, issuance of preferred stock could block an acquisition resulting in both a drop in our stock price and
a decline in interest of our common stock. This could make it more difficult for shareholders to sell their common stock. This could also
cause the market price of our common stock shares to drop significantly, even if our business is performing well. 

Because we do not intend to pay cash dividends
on our shares of common stock, any returns will be limited to the value of our shares . We currently anticipate that we
will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any
cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to shareholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our share
price. 

There can be no assurance that we will be
able to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, a failure of which could result in a de-listing of our
common stock and certain warrants . The Nasdaq Capital Market requires that the trading price of its listed stocks remain
above one dollar in order for the stock to remain listed. If a listed stock trades below one dollar for more than 30 consecutive trading
days, then it is subject to delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market. In addition, to maintain a listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market,
we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence
and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, and certain corporate governance requirements. If we are unable
to satisfy these requirements or standards, we could be subject to delisting, which would have a negative effect on the price of our common
stock and warrants and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock or warrants when you wish to do so. In the event
of a delisting, we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance with the listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance
that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock or warrants to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve
the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the minimum bid price requirement, or prevent future non-compliance
with the listing requirements. 

Provisions of our publicly traded warrants
could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party . In addition to certain provisions of our amended and restated articles
of incorporation, as amended, and our amended and restated by-laws, certain provisions of our outstanding warrants could make it more
difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. The warrants prohibit us from engaging in certain transactions constituting fundamental
transactions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the warrants. These and other provisions
of the warrants could prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to you. 

Risks Related to our Debt 

If we do not timely pay amounts due and
comply with the covenants under our debt facilities, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

Our consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Term Note, among other things, requires high interest payments, and both the Term Note and the PNC
Facility place encumbrances on our assets, and subject us to restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility. Additionally,
under the terms of the Term Note, the Company is required to make monthly loan principal payments of 41,667 per month plus interest,
through September 15, 2026. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

The terms of the Term Note and the PNC Facility
have been structured in such a way that, if we default under one, we will also default under the other. In the event of a continuing default,
our senior secured lenders would have the right to accelerate the then-outstanding amounts under each such facility and to exercise their
respective rights and remedies to collect such amounts, which would include foreclosing on collateral constituting substantially all of
our assets and the assets of our PeriShip Global subsidiary. Any continuing default on the Term Note or the PNC Facility could result
in the outstanding principal balance under each such facility becoming immediately due and payable, which could harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our cash flows and operating results could
be adversely affected by required payments of debt or related interest and other risks of our debt financing. 

We are generally subject to risks associated with
debt financing. These risks include: (1) our cash flow may not be sufficient to satisfy required payments of principal and interest;
(2) we may not be able to refinance existing indebtedness or the terms of any refinancing may be less favorable to us than the terms
of existing debt; (3) debt service obligations could reduce funds available for other uses such as growing our business; (4) any
default on our indebtedness could result in acceleration of those obligations and possible loss of assets or capital; and (5) the
risk that necessary capital expenditures cannot be financed on favorable terms. Any of these risks could place strains on our cash flows,
reduce our ability to grow, and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Covenants in our debt agreements may restrict
our operating activities and adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our existing debt agreements contain, and future
debt agreements may contain, financial and/or operating covenants including, among other things, certain coverage ratios, as well as limitations
on the ability to incur additional secured and unsecured debt, and/or otherwise affect our distribution and operating policies. These
covenants may limit our operational flexibility and acquisition and disposition activities. Moreover, if any of the covenants in these
debt agreements are breached and not cured within the applicable cure period, we could be required to repay the debt immediately, even
in the absence of a payment default. A default under one of our debt agreements could result in a cross-default under other debt agreements,
and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional
collateral, and enforce their respective interests against existing collateral. The terms of the Term Note and the PNC Facility have
been structured in such a way that, if we default under one, we will also default under the other. In the event of a continuing default,
our senior secured lenders would have the right to accelerate the then-outstanding amounts under each such facility and to exercise their
respective rights and remedies to collect such amounts, which would include foreclosing on collateral constituting substantially all of
our assets and the assets of our PeriShip Global subsidiary As a result, a default under applicable debt covenants could have an adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations. These covenants may restrict our ability to engage in transactions that we
believe would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.

We do not own any significant real property,
but our subsidiary leases approximately 5,000 square feet of primarily office space in Connecticut used in connection with our PeriShip
Solutions segment. The lease expires in 2027. We believe that our property has been well maintained, is suitable and adequate for us
to operate and upon expiration of this lease, we do not anticipate any difficulty in obtaining renewals or alternative space. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS. 

From time-to-time, we
may be a party to, or otherwise involved in, legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. As of the date of this Report,
we are not aware of any proceedings, threatened or pending, against us which, if determined adversely, would have a material effect on
our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 

ITEM 4. MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock, par
value 0.001 per share, and warrants to purchase common stock are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbols VRME 
and VRMEW, respectively. 

Common Shareholders 

As of March 16, 2023,
we had approximately 1,440 shareholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers
and other institutions on behalf of shareholders, this number is not indicative of the total number of shareholders represented by these
shareholders of record. 

Dividends 

We have never declared
or paid a cash dividend. At this time, we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of
dividends is subject to the discretion of Board and will depend upon our earnings (if any), our financial condition, and our capital requirements.
Nevada law permits a corporation to pay dividends out of earnings or surplus. Accordingly, we cannot pay dividends as a matter of law. 

Use of Proceeds 

On June
17, 2020, our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-234155), as amended (the Registration Statement relating
to an underwritten public offering of an aggregate of 2,173,913 units consisting of one share of the Company s common stock and
a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price equal to 4.60 per share of common stock was declared effective by
the SEC. The cash proceeds from the offering were 9,023 thousand, net of underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 800
thousand and fees and expenses of approximately 450 thousand. All proceeds from the offering have been utilized and there were no material
changes in our use of the net proceeds from the offering, as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on June 19, 2020. 

Share Repurchase Plan 

The following table provides information about our share repurchase
activity for the three months ended December 31, 2022 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share (or Units) 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part
 of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that 
 May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) (In thousands) 

10/01/2022-10/31/2022 

- 

- 

- 

1,390 

11/01/2022-11/30/2022 

28,201 

1.36 

28,201 

1,353 

12/01/2022-12/31/2022 

56,175 

1.21 

56,175 

1,285 

Total 

84,376 

1.26 

84,376 

1,285 

(1) 
 Effective July 1, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors terminated the existing share repurchase program
 and approved a new share repurchase program to replace the existing program due to expire in August 2022 to allow the Company to
 spend up to 1.5 million to repurchase shares of its common stock, so long as the price does not exceed 5.00 until July 1, 2023.
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 84,376 shares of common stock under the Company s current
 program. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED.] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and other parts of this Report contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. All forward-looking statements included in this Report are based on information available to us on the date hereof,
and except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. The following should be read in
conjunction with our annual financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Overview 

VerifyMe, Inc. VerifyMe together
with its subsidiaries PeriShip Global, LLC PeriShip Global and Trust Codes Global Limited Trust Codes Global ),
(together the Company, we, us, or our ), is a software driven predictive analytics
logistics provider of high-touch end-to-end logistics management, which represents most of our current revenue stream. In addition, VerifyMe
technologies provide product traceability, brand protections services, and consumer engagement solutions. Our operations are split into
two segments: PeriShip Global Solutions and VerifyMe Solutions. Through our PeriShip Global Solutions segment we provide a value-added
service for time and temperature sensitive parcel management driven by a proprietary software platform that provides predictive analytics
from key metrics such as flight-tracking, weather, and traffic, all delivered to customers via a secure portal. The portal provides real-time
visibility into shipment transit and last-mile events, with dynamic dashboards. All aspects of the of the shipping journey is managed
by a dedicated call center. Using our proprietary logistics solution, we provide real-time information and analysis to mitigate supply
chain flow interruption, delivering last-mile resolution for key markets, including the perishable healthcare and food industries. Through
our VerifyMe Solutions segment, our technologies provide unit level traceability, brand protection, and consumer engagement solutions
allowing brand owners to gather business intelligence, cross-sell products, monitor product diversion through the supply chain and build
brand loyalty through interaction utilizing our unique dynamic codes which are read by consumers with their smart phones. Further information
regarding our business segments is discussed below: 

PeriShip Global Solutions: The PeriShip
Global Solutions segment specializes in predictive analytics through its proprietary software platform for optimizing delivery of time
and temperature sensitive perishable products. We manage complex industry-specific shipping logistic processes that require critical time,
temperature control and handling to prevent spoilage and extended delivery times. Utilizing predictive analytics from multiple data sources
including weather, traffic, flight data, major carrier feeds, and time of day data, we provide our clients an end-to-end vertical approach
for their most critical service delivery needs. Using the IT platform, we provide real-time information and analysis to mitigate supply
chain flow interruption, delivering last-mile resolution for key markets, including the perishable healthcare and food industries. 

Through our proprietary PeriTrack customer
dashboard, we provide an integrated tool that gives our customers an in-depth look at their shipping activities and allows them access
to critical information in support of the specific needs of the supply chain stakeholders. In addition, we provide proactive alerts to
address on-coming weather issues to make changes in scheduling to meet critical deadlines for shipments. We offer post-delivery services
such as customized reporting for trend analysis, system performance reports, power outage maps, and other tailored reports. 

PeriShip Global generates revenue from three business
service models. 

Proactive Service PeriShip Global clients pay us directly for carrier service coupled with
 our proactive logistics assistance. 

Direct Premium Service PeriShip Global clients pay us directly for carrier service coupled with
 our complete white-glove shipping monitoring and predictive analytics service. This service includes the customer web portal access, weather
 monitoring, temperature control, full call center support and last mile resolution. 

Indirect Premium Service Our carrier partner also offers a white label version
 of our Premium Service to its customers and pays us a fixed contractual fee. 

PeriShip Service Products: The PeriShip
Global Solutions segment includes the following bundled services as part of our service offerings to our customers: 

PeriTrack : Our proprietary PeriTrack customer dashboard was developed utilizing our extensive
 logistics operational knowledge. This integrated web portal tool gives our customers an in-depth look at their shipping activities and
 alerts based on real-time data. The PeriTrack dashboard was designed to provide critical information in support of the specific
 needs of supply chain stakeholders and gives our customer resolution specialists a 360 view of shipping activity. PeriTrack 
 features tools tailored for shippers of perishable goods, which includes the In-Transit Shipment Tracker. This tool provides details on
 the unique shipper s in-transit shipments, with the ability to select and analyze data on individual shipments. 

Call Center Service : PeriShip Global has assembled a team of customer resolution specialists based
 in the U.S. This human intervention service team resolves shipping problems on behalf of our customers. The call center acts as a help
 desk and monitors shipping to delivery for our customers. 

Pre-Transit Service : PeriShip Global helps clients prepare their products for shipments by advising
 clients on packaging requirements for various types of perishable products. Each product type requires its own particular packaging to
 protect it during the shipment, and we utilize our extensive knowledge and research to provide our customers with packaging recommendations
 to meet their unique needs. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Post-Delivery : PeriShip Global provides customized reporting for trend analysis, system performance
 reports, power outage maps, and many other reports to help our customers improve their processes and customer service outcomes. 

Weather/Traffic Service : PeriShip Global has full-time meteorologists on staff to monitor weather.
 A package may experience a variety of weather conditions between the origin and destination, and our team actively monitors these conditions
 to minimize the changes of timely and safe transit of shipments. Similarly, traffic and construction also create unpredictable delays
 which our team works diligently to mitigate. If delays or other issues occur the PeriShip team informs clients and works with them to
 pro-actively resolve such shipment issues. 

VerifyMe Solutions : The VerifyMe Solutions
segment specializes in traceability to connect brands with consumers through their product. Through VerifyMe technologies brand inspectors
can authenticate product with visible and invisible unique to product serialized codes. Brand owners have the ability to gather business
intelligence while engaging directly with their consumers and can receive programmable alerts related to counterfeit products or if their
products are in unexpected geographical markets. Consumers can authenticate products with their smart phone prior to usage and engage
with the brand in unique and innovative ways. Engagement can come in many forms such as free giveaways, product specifications, seed to
table tracking, cross-selling of products, contests, videos, and recipes. 

VerifyMe Products : VerifyMe has a custom
suite of products that offer clients traceability and consumer engagement. These products are combined with software as a service 
or SAAS which is stored in the cloud and accessed through the internet. 

VerifyMe Engage for consumer engagement allowing the brand owner to gather business intelligence and engage with their customers 

VerifyMe Authenticate using rare earth-based ink taggants for instant authentication of labels, packages and products 

VerifyMe Track Trace for unit level traceability and supply chain control 

PeriShip Global and VerifyMe Synergies: 

We believe that PeriShip
Global and our VerifyMe solutions have synergistic product centric technology platforms and combined have a compelling technology offering
for brand owners. For example, currently PeriShip Global ships vaccines for major pharmaceutical companies. With the addition of VerifyMe
technology, PeriShip Global can add unit level traceability and authentication to protect clients vaccines from product diversion
and sub-standard counterfeits. In addition, VerifyMe s consumer engagement solutions could give PeriShip Global food and beverage
clients the ability to gather rich business intelligence, turn unknown consumers into known consumers and
build customer loyalty with engagement functions like videos, discounts, contests, etc. 

PeriShip
Global Opportunities 

According to a 2023 report entitled, Perishable
Goods Transportation Market in the US 2023-2027 , written by Infiniti research Limited, the Perishable Goods logistics market size
was 4.0 billion in 2022 and is estimated to be 4.3 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow to 5.9 billion by 2027. That represents
a compound average market acceleration with a growth rate of approximately 8 per year. 

This report is based on perishable product segments
including meat, poultry, seafood, dairy, fruits and vegetables, and bakery and confectionary. PeriShip Global services all of these product
segments 

Currently most shipping businesses utilize the
carrier s data platform for tracking which generally informs the shipping enterprise, and their customers, when a package is in
transit, when a package has been delivered, and some level of detail of the path which a package traveled. We believe taking the data
feeds from a carrier and adding real-time visibility with predictive analytics and the human intervention factor of PeriShip Global s
call center gives us a major competitive advantage against other third-party platforms that solely rely on the carrier s data feeds.
PeriShip Global utilizes a variety of input sources beyond just the carrier s data feed. PeriShip Global s proprietary Predictive
Analytics technology is fed real-time meteorology data, traffic and road construction data, and power grid information to help
predict issues before they happen. If an alert is created the shipper and our call center will work to address the issue and save the
perishable product from spoiling, saving the shipper significant costs and reducing the need to replace products that are no longer viable.
PeriShip Global has two meteorologists on staff that track world-wide weather patterns to address predicted issues before they happen.
We believe the Pharmaceutical and healthcare industries represent the biggest areas of opportunity and we are focusing our PeriShip Global
sales emphasis on those industries. In addition, we feel that combining VerifyMe s solutions into the product offering for PeriShip
Global clientele, including food and beverage and healthcare industries, gives PeriShip Global a competitive advantage to generate revenue
by enhancing PeriShip Global s clients ability to grow revenue, gain business intelligence and build brand loyalty. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

The current global logistics industry worldwide
is facing an economic slowdown. We believe this represents an opportunity for PeriShip Global since major global carriers are cutting
internal staff and are reducing research and development investments. To maintain their credibility in the market, these carriers will
need to ensure they meet their customers demands for time and temperature sensitive shipments, while maintaining their overheads.
We believe outsourcing this function to PeriShip Global provides the ideal solution for all parties involved. 

Building logistics infrastructure is a capital-intensive
process as the investment is locked in for a considerably long period. Due to the current economic downturn, we believe several companies
will opt to outsource their logistics services to reduce their operational costs and maintain cash flows. The outsourcing of supply chain
related and other logistics operations to service providers such as PeriShip Global which allows companies to improve the efficiency of
their businessed by focusing their resources on core competencies. 

VerifyMe
Opportunities 

We believe VerifyMe s products have applications
in many areas. Currently, we are aggressively marketing opportunities in the following areas: 

Food and Beverage Food safety is becoming more common as supply chains become more global and as imaging
 and manufacturing technology become more accessible. Food traceability, sustainability and carbon neutral production is becoming a significant
 consideration for brand and governments. We believe our unit level traceability and authentication solutions can help brands tell their
 story about sustainability and battle against tainted or substandard foods and beverages. 

Pharmaceuticals/nutraceuticals We believe counterfeit prescription pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals
 are a growing problem, widely recognized as a public health risk and a serious concern to public health officials, private companies,
 and consumers. Counterfeiting can apply to both branded and generic products and counterfeit pharmaceuticals may include products with
 the correct ingredients but fake packaging, with the wrong ingredients, without active ingredients or with insufficient active ingredients.
 The United States enacted legislation requiring the implementation of a comprehensive system designed to combat counterfeit, diluted or
 falsely labelled pharmaceuticals, referred to as serialization or electronic pedigree (e-Pedigree). Our consumer facing visible codes
 and unique pigments embedded in the ink of a unique serialized barcode can provide a layered security foundation for a customer solution
 in this market. We are seeking to expand our business in this market and believe that as additional pharmaceutical companies seek to comply
 with the legislation, our products will provide attractive alternatives to address the need for product identifiers. 

Consumer Products We believe our technology solutions are particularly suited for the cosmetics, health
 and beauty and apparel industries. We give the consumer the ability to test a product s authenticity instantly with a smartphone.
 We can protect brand owners from liability litigation, product diversion and lost financial sales with our consumer facing visible codes
 and unique ink pigments which can be incorporated in dyes and used by manufacturers in these industries to combat counterfeiting and piracy
 of actual physical goods. Our pigments expressed as inks can also be used on packaging, as well as to track products that have been lost
 in transit, whether misplaced or stolen. 

In addition, in each of these markets, our SaaS
software allows brand owners and consumers to track the products and will alert the consumer or brand owner of product diversion with
24/7 monitoring. As each product has a unique code, this allows consumers and brand owners to authenticate the product in real time and
link directly to the brand owner s website for additional product information, discounts, and more. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

The following discussion analyzes our results
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. The following information should be considered together with our financial
statements for such periods and the accompanying notes thereto. 

Revenue 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

(In thousands) 

PeriShip Global Solutions 

18,190 

- 

VerifyMe Solutions 

1,386 

867 

Total Revenue 

19,576 

867 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31,
2022, was 19,576 thousand, a 2,158 increase compared to 867 thousand, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase in revenue primarily relates to the acquisition of the PeriShip Global business on April 22, 2022, which contributed 18,190
thousand for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. VerifyMe Solutions segment increased revenue by 519 thousand, a 60 increase,
primarily driven by growth in our agriculture segment. 

Gross
Profit 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

of Revenue 

(In thousands) 

of Revenue 

PeriShip Global Solutions 

5,505 

30 

- 

- 

VerifyMe Solutions 

983 

71 

599 

69 

Total Gross Profit 

6,488 

33 

599 

69 

Consolidated gross profit for the years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021, was 6,488 thousand and 599 thousand, respectively. The resulting gross margin was 33 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to 69 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in our gross margin is due to the acquisition of
the PeriShip Global business which has significantly lower margins than the VerifyMe Solutions segment. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were 8,428
thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4,216 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 4,212 thousand. The increase related to the acquisition of the PeriShip Global business, and primarily made up of salaries and
related expenses for approximately 35 employees in the IT and operations department. 

Research
and Development 

Research and development expenses increased by
 38 thousand to 89 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 51 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase related to the acquisition of the PeriShip Global business and research and development related to their IT platform. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022, were 1,718 thousand compared to 1,163 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 555
thousand. The increase is related to the acquisition of the PeriShip Global business, primarily consisting of salaries and related
expenses for four employees. 

Net
Income (Loss) 

Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022,
was 14,398 thousand, compared to net income of 3,612 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to
the impairment of the SPAC of 10,932 thousand during 2022 compared to an unrealized gain on the SPAC of 8,371 in 2021, partially offset
by a gain on extinguishment of debt of 326 thousand and the changes discussed above for the acquisition of the PeriShip Global business.
The resulting consolidated loss per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 1.70 compared to a consolidated income per
diluted share of 0.49 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our operations used 2,551 thousand of cash during
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3,254 thousand during the year end December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used from operations
is due to a net change in non-cash addbacks to net income and the acquisition of PeriShip Global, which generates cash, that occurred
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net cash used in investing activities was 7,884
thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2,851 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, 7,500 thousand was used for the acquisition of the PeriShip Global business. The use of cash in 2021 relates
primarily to the acquisition of sponsor units in the SPAC of 2,593 thousand. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022, was 4,424 thousand compared to 7,588 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, related to proceeds
from debt and offerings of our common stock in 2022 and 2021. 

On April 12, 2022, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with the selling stockholder and certain directors, providing for
the issuance and sale to purchasers therein of an aggregate of 880,208 shares of our common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up
to 675,000 shares of our common stock, and warrants to purchase up to 1,555,208 shares of our common stock, for gross proceeds to us of
approximately 5.0 million and net proceeds of 4.6 million. The pre-funded warrant was exercisable immediately and terminated when fully
exercised and had an exercise price of 0.001 per share. The pre-funded warrant was fully exercised in August 2022, with an exercise price
of 0.001, and as a resulted, 675,000 shares of our common stock were issued. The warrants are exercisable for a period of five years
commencing six months from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 3.215 per share. The warrants contain price adjustment
provisions which may, under certain circumstances, reduce the applicable exercise price. The transaction closed on April 14, 2022. 

On September 22, 2022, we entered into the PNC
Facility with PNC Bank, National Association. The PNC Facility includes a 1 million RLOC with a term of one-year, expiring in September
2023. The RLOC has no scheduled payments of principal until maturity, and bears interest per annum at a rate equal to the sum of Daily
SOFR plus 2.85 with monthly interest payments. The PNC Facility also includes a four-year Term Note for 2 million which matures in September
of 2026 and requires equal quarterly payments of principal and interest. The Term Note incurs interest per annum at a rate equal to the
sum of Daily SOFR plus 3.1 . The RLOC and Term Note are guaranteed by the Company and secured by the assets of PeriShip and the Company. 

The PNC Facility includes a number of affirmative
and restrictive covenants applicable to PeriShip, including, among others, a financial covenant to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio
of at least 1.10 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal year, affirmative covenants regarding delivery of financial statements, payment of
taxes, and establishing primary depository accounts with PNC Bank, and restrictive covenants regarding dispositions of property, acquisitions,
incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, investments and transactions with affiliates. PeriShip is also restricted from paying
dividends or making other distributions or payments on its capital stock if an event of default (as defined in the PNC Facility) has occurred
or would occur upon such declaration of dividend. We were in compliance with all affirmative and restrictive covenants under the PNC Facility
at December 31, 2022. 

Effective October 17, 2022, we entered into an
interest rate swap agreement, with a notional amount of 1,958 thousand, effectively fixing the interest rate on our outstanding debt
at 7.602 . 

Of the proceeds of 2.0 million, we used 1.8
million to settle debt outstanding issued in connection with the PeriShip Global acquisition, including the redemption of 61,000 shares
of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, our short-term debt outstanding under the Term Note was 0.5 million and total long-term
debt outstanding under the Term Note was 1.4 million. 

We believe that our cash and cash equivalents,
together with the net proceeds from the April 12, 2022, offering and proceeds from debt issued, will fund our operations for the next
12 months. 

In June 2022, we announced a new 1.5 million
share repurchase program to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock commencing July 1, 2022, for a period of 12 months.
This new repurchase program replaces our existing share repurchase program that was due to expire in August 2022 and is now terminated. 
To date, 158,906 shares have been purchased for a total of 215 thousand and a remaining 1,285 thousand may be purchased under the program. 

We expect to grow our business
organically and through key acquisitions that will help accelerate the growth of our business. We expect to continue to fund our operations
primarily through utilization of our current financial resources and future revenue and may issue additional debt or equity. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 Our financial statements are impacted by the accounting
policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation. We have identified below the accounting policies
that are of particular importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows and which require
the application of significant judgment by management. We have identified that the estimates used in the valuation of the assets of the
PeriShip acquisition are critical and require significant judgment. We believe estimates and assumptions related to these accounting policies
are appropriate under the circumstances; however, should future events or occurrences result in unanticipated consequences, there could
be a material impact on our future financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We recognize revenue based on the principals established
in ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Revenue recognition is made when our performance obligation
is satisfied at a point in time of delivery of the service. Over 90 of our revenue is derived from logistics management for time and
temperature sensitive packages with the remaining from our traceability solutions. Our terms vary based on the solutions we offer and
are examined on a case-by-case basis. For licensing of our VerifyInk TM technology we depend on the integrity of our clients 
reporting. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

The timing of revenue recognition, billings and
cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, and unbilled revenue when billings occur after the end of the month (contract
assets) on the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts charged to our clients become billable when the performance obligation has been met
at a point in time. Unbilled amounts will generally be billed and collected within 30 days but typically no longer than 60 days. These
assets are reported on the consolidated balance sheets on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. Changes in
the contract assets increased significantly as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, due to the business combination.
No other factors materially impacted the balances. 

Business
Combinations 

Accounting for business combinations requires
management to make significant estimates and assumptions to determine the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in relation to the acquisition of the PeriShip business
are appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and information obtained from management of the acquired companies
and are inherently uncertain. Critical estimates in valuing certain acquired intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future
expected cash flows including revenue growth rate assumptions from product sales, customer contracts and acquired technologies, estimated
royalty rates used in valuing technology related intangible assets, and discount rates. The discount rates used to discount expected future
cash flows to present value are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital WACC analysis and adjusted to
reflect inherent risks. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that could affect either the accuracy or validity of such assumptions,
estimates or actual results. 

We allocate the fair value of the purchase price
of our acquisitions to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired, based on their estimated fair
values at acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangible and intangible
assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable,
but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which
will not exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the
corresponding offset to goodwill. After the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of the purchase
price of our acquisitions, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately
from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. 

Goodwill 

We have recorded goodwill as part of our acquisition
of the PeriShip business, which represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in the business combinations.
Pursuant to ASC 350, the Company will test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter, or between annual tests,
in certain circumstances. Under authoritative guidance, the Company first assessed qualitative factors to determine whether it was necessary
to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The assessment considers factors such as, but not limited to, macroeconomic
conditions, data showing other companies in the industry and our share price. An entity is not required to calculate the fair value of
a reporting unit unless the entity determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value
is less than its carrying amount. Events or changes in circumstances which could trigger an impairment review include macroeconomic conditions,
industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance, other entity specific events and sustained decrease in share
price. For our annual goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment as permitted by ASU 2017-04
for our reporting unit PeriShip Global and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value exceeded their respective carrying
value. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

We account for stock-based compensation under
the provisions of FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires the measurement and recognition of
compensation expense for all stock-based awards made to employees and directors based on estimated fair values on the grant date. We estimate
the fair value of stock-based awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option
pricing model include risk-free interest rates, expected volatility and expected life of the stock options. Changes in these assumptions
can materially affect estimates of fair value stock-based compensation, and the compensation expense recorded in future periods. The value
of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods using the
straight-line method. 

For RSUs with stock price appreciation targets,
we applied a lattice approach that incorporated a Monte Carlo simulation, which involved random iterations that took different future
price paths over the RSU s contractual life based on the appropriate probability distributions (which are based on commonly applied
Black Scholes inputs). The fair value was determined by taking the average of the grant date fair values under each Monte Carlo simulation
trial. We recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the performance period and there is no ongoing adjustment or reversal
based on actual achievement during the period. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

We account for stock-based compensation awards
to non-employees in accordance with ASU No. 2018-07, Compensation Stock Based Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee
Share-Based Payment Accounting ASU 2018-07 ), which aligns accounting for share-based payments issued to nonemployees to
that of employees under the existing guidance of Topic 718, with certain exceptions. This update supersedes previous guidance for equity-based
payments to nonemployees under Subtopic 505-50, Equity Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. 

All issuances of stock options or other equity
instruments to non-employees as consideration for goods or services received by the Company are accounted for based on the fair value
of the equity instruments issued. Non-employee equity-based payments are recorded as an expense over the service period, as if we had
paid cash for the services. At the end of each financial reporting period, prior to vesting or prior to the completion of the services,
the fair value of the equity-based payments will be re-measured, and the non-cash expense recognized during the period will be adjusted
accordingly. Since the fair value of equity-based payments granted to non-employees is subject to change in the future, the amount of
the future expense will include fair value re-measurements until the equity-based payments are fully vested or the service completed. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

Recently adopted accounting pronouncements are
discussed in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes accompanying the financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8
are appended to this Report beginning on page F-1 located immediately after the signature page and incorporated by reference in this Item
8. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES. 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. The Company s Chief Executive Officer, our principal executive officer, and Chief Financial Officer,
our principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures as of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that
information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management, including our principal executive
and principal financial officers, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022, using criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our management has concluded that our internal controls over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 

29 

 Table of Contents 

(b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

2022 Remediation Activities 

 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
we implemented remediation actions to address a material weakness due to a lack of segregation of duties identified in our annual report
on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Specifically, we defined key controls in accordance with the five components
and seventeen principles of the COSO 2013 Framework. In addition to the VP of Finance and Financial Controller hired in 2021, we hired
an HR Manager in September 2022 to further enhance our segregation of duties controls. Through our control testing of the applicable controls
over a sufficient period of time during the year ended December 31, 2022, management has concluded that these controls are operating effectively
and that as of December 31, 2022, we no longer have a material weakness due to a lack of segregation of duties. Except as set forth above,
there were no other changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

(c) PeriShip Acquisition 

On April 22, 2022, we acquired, through PeriShip
Global, the business and certain assets of PeriShip, LLC, a value-added service provider for time and temperature sensitive parcel management.
For additional information regarding the acquisition, refer to Note 4 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements appended to this
Report and incorporated by reference into Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on the recent completion of
this acquisition and, pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission s guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business
may be omitted from the scope of an assessment for a period not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, the scope of our assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 does not include PeriShip Global. We plan to
include PeriShip Global within the timeframe set forth by the SEC s guidance. 

Auditor s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was
not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management s report in this Report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER
INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not Applicable. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The information
required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under
the headings Questions and Answers About these Proxy Materials and Voting, Proposal One: Election of Directors, 
 Corporate Governance, Management and Executive Officers and, if necessary, Delinquent Section 16(a)
Reports, which proxy statement will be filed within 120 days after the December 31, 2022, fiscal year end. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The information
required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under
the headings Executive Compensation and Director Compensation, which proxy statement will be filed within
120 days after the December 31, 2022, fiscal year end. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Except for the information regarding securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans (which is set forth below), the information required by this Item 12 is incorporated
herein by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under the heading Security Ownership of
Management and Certain Beneficial Owners, which proxy statement will be filed within 120 days after the December 31, 2022, fiscal
year end. 

The following table summarizes the number of shares
subject to currently outstanding equity awards, their weighted-average exercise price, and the number of shares available for future grants
under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information as of
December 31, 2022 

Plan Category 

Number of securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 

Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in 
 column (a)) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 

Equity compensation 
 plans approved by 
 security holders 
 
 157,000 (2) 
 
 5.68 
 
 1,292,225 (3) 

Equity compensation 
 plans not approved 
 by security holders 
 
 180,471 (4) 
 
 4.19 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 337,471 
 
 4.63 
 
 1,292,225 

(1) 
 Represents the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding stock options. The weighted-average exercise
 price does not take into account the shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units under the 2020 Equity Incentive
 Plan (the 2020 Plan or 2013 Plan, which do not have an exercise price. 

(2) 
 Represents shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options granted under the 2017 Equity Incentive
 Plan (the 2017 Plan and the 2013 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, as amended (the 2013 Plan 

(3) 
 Includes 877,511 shares remaining available for issuance under the 2020 Plan and 44,770 shares remaining for
 issuance under the 2013 Plan and 369,944 shares remaining available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

(4) 
 Includes individual grants to employees and consultants for services rendered to the Company which were not
 made under the Company s existing equity incentive plans. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated
herein by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under the heading Certain Relationships
and Related Person Transactions, which proxy statement will be filed within 120 days after the December 31, 2022, fiscal year end. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated
herein by reference from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders under the numbered proposal with the heading
 Ratification of the Appointment of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, which proxy statement will be filed
within 120 days after the December 31, 2022, fiscal year end. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2020) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Second
 Amended Certificate of Designation for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2015) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2015) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation for Series C and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference from
 Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of VerifyMe, Inc., as amended through July 24, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2020) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of Warrant for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1/A (File No. 333-234155) filed on May 22, 2020) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Warrant for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-234155) filed on June 2, 2020) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agent Agreement dated June 22, 2020 between the Company and West Coast Stock Transfer, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit
 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2020) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form
 of Representative s Warrant (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on June 22, 2020) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April
 18, 2022) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form
 of Common Warrant (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April
 18, 2022) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1# 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on February 18, 2021) 
 
 10.2# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Patrick White, dated February 15, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K file on February 22, 2022) 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Margaret Gezerlis, dated February 15, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K file on February 22, 2022) 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Keith Goldstein, dated February 15, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K file on February 22, 2022) 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Nancy Meyers, dated February 15, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K file on February 22, 2022) 
 
 10.6# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between PeriShip Global, LLC and Curt Kole, dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between PeriShip Global, LLC and Fred Volk III, dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between PeriShip Global, LLC and Jack Wang, dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 

32 

 Table of Contents 

10.9# 
 
 LaserLock
 Technologies, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement
 filed on November 19, 2013) 
 
 10.10# 
 
 2017
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
 20, 2017) 
 
 10.10.1# 
 
 Amendment
 to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on April 29, 2019) 
 
 10.11# 
 
 2020
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
 No. 333-249520) filed on October 16, 2020) 
 
 10.12# 
 
 VerifyMe,
 Inc. 2021 Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference from Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule
 14A filed on April 28, 2021) 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Non-Qualified
 Stock Option Agreement dated August 2017 between the Company and Patrick White (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.14 to
 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-234155) filed on October 10, 2019) 
 
 10.14# 
 
 Non-Qualified
 Stock Option Agreement dated April 17, 2018 between the Company and Patrick White (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.13
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-234155) filed on October 10, 2019) 
 
 10.15# 
 
 Amendment
 to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated April 16, 2020 to that Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated August 2017 and that Non-Qualified
 Stock Option Agreement dated April 17, 2018 between the Company and Patrick White (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.12
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237950) filed on May 1, 2020) 
 
 10.16# 
 
 Incentive
 Stock Option Agreement dated August 14, 2019 between the Company and Patrick White (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.15
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-234155) filed on October 10, 2019) 
 
 10.17# 
 
 Incentive
 Stock Option Agreement dated March 11, 2019 between the Company and Margaret Gezerlis (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.16
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-234155) filed on October 10, 2019) 
 
 10.18# 
 
 Incentive
 Stock Option Agreement dated January 7, 2020 between the Company and Margaret Gezerlis (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit
 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237950) filed on May 1, 2020) 
 
 10.19# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 for the quarter ended June 30, 2018) 
 
 10.20# 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Agreement dated April 16, 2020 between the Company and Patrick White (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.19 to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237950) filed on May 1, 2020) 
 
 10.21# 
 
 Form
 of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (immediate vesting) (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237950) filed on May 1, 2020) 
 
 10.22# 
 
 Form
 of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (quarterly vesting) (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237950) filed on May 1, 2020) 
 
 10.23# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to the 2013 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.4
 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020) 
 
 10.24# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020) 
 
 10.25# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (immediate vesting) pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020) 
 
 10.26# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Employees) pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) 
 
 10.27# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Non-employees) pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) 
 
 10.28# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Employees) pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) 
 
 10.29# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-employees) pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference
 from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) 

33 

 Table of Contents 

10.30# 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Subsidiary Employees) (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Agreement
 dated as of June 15, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 (File No. 333-234155) filed on June 15, 2020) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 12, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2022) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 12, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2022) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up Agreement, dated April 12, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2022) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Promissory
 Note payable by PeriShip Global, LLC to PeriShip, LLC, dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Guaranty,
 dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April
 26, 2022) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Transition
 Services Agreement, dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Lease
 Agreement between PeriShip Global and Mordo, LLC, dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Lease
 Guarantee between VerifyMe, Inc. and Mordo, LLC, dated April 22, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Professional
 Services Agreement between PeriShip Global (as successor to PeriShip, LLC) and FedEx Corporate Services, Inc. dated June 1, 2019 (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Form
 of FedEx Transportation Services Agreement Pricing Agreement between PeriShip Global (as successor to PeriShip, LLC) and Federal Express
 Corporation, et al (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August
 15, 2022) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Amendment
 to Professional Services Agreement with FedEx Corporate Services, Inc. dated August 25, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2022) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Loan
 Agreement between PeriShip Global LLC and PNC Bank, National Association, effective September 15, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference
 from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2022) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Term
 Note between PeriShip Global LLC and PNC Bank, National Association, effective September 15, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference
 from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2022) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Revolving
 Line of Credit Note between PeriShip Global LLC and PNC Bank, National Association, effective September 15, 2022 (incorporated herein
 by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2022) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Guaranty
 and Suretyship Agreement between VerifyMe, Inc., and PNC Bank, National Association, effective September 15, 2022 (incorporated herein
 by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2022) 
 
 10.48 
 
 Security
 Agreement between PeriShip Global LLC and PNC Bank, National Association, effective September 15, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference
 from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2022) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Security
 Agreement between VerifyMe, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, effective September 15, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference from
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2022) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, effective February 28, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference3 from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2023) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of VerifyMe, Inc. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer
 and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

34 

 Table of Contents 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File 

Filed or furnished herewith, as applicable 

 # Denotes management compensation plan or contract 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

VerifyMe, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Scott Greenberg 

Scott Greenberg 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 

Date: March 28, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Scott Greenberg 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer,Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Scott Greenberg 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Margaret Gezerlis 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Margaret Gezerlis 
 
 Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Chris Gardner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Chris Gardner 

/s/ Marshall Geller 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Marshall Geller 

/s/Howard Goldberg 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Howard Goldberg 

/s/ Arthur Laffer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Arthur Laffer 

/s/ Adam Stedham 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Adam Stedham 

36 

 Table of Contents 

INDEX TO 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONTENTS 

PAGE 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 
 
 F-1 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 F-3 

CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME(LOSS) 
 
 F-4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 F-5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 F-6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-7 

37 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 VerifyMe, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of VerifyMe, Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current
period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company's auditor
since 2018. 

March 28, 2023 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

VerifyMe, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

 (In thousands, except
share data) 

As of 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted
 cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit loss
 reserve, 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Unbilled revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventory 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

INVESTMENTS 

Equity Investment 
 - 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

RIGHT OF USE ASSET 
 
 - 

INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET 

GOODWILL 
 
 - 

DEFERRED IMPLEMENTATION COSTS 
 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Current portion of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 

Other accrued expense 

Lease liability- current 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Long-term lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term derivative liability 

Term note 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, 
 par value, 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022; 0 shares issued and outstanding
 as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 

Common stock, 
 par value; 
 authorized; 
 and issued,
 
 and 
 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Treasury stock as cost; 
 and 
 shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

VerifyMe, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

NET REVENUE 

COST OF REVENUE 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative (a) 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing (a) 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS BEFORE OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest income (expenses), net 

Loss on equity investment 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain on equity investment 

Other income, net 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Payroll protection program debt forgiveness 
 - 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET 

NET (LOSS)/ INCOME 

EARNINGS / (LOSS) PER SHARE 

BASIC 

DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARE OUTSTANDING 

BASIC 

DILUTED 

(a) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

VerifyMe, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 

 (In thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

NET (LOSS)/INCOME 

Change in fair value of interest rate, swap 
 
 - 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

VerifyMe, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

 (In thousands) 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net (Loss) Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Allowance for bad debt 
 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation 

Fair value of options in exchange for services 
 - 

Fair value of restricted stock awards issued in exchange for services 

Fair value of restricted stock units issued in exchange for services 

Payroll Protection Program Debt Forgiveness 
 - 

Loss on equity investment 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain on equity investment 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization and depreciation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Unbilled revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable, other accrued expenses and net change in operating leases 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of patents 

Purchase of equipment for lease 
 - 

Purchase of equity investment 
 - 

Purchase of office equipment 
 - 

Acquisition of PeriShip 
 
 - 
 
 Equity received from SPAC Equity Investment 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred implementation costs 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalized software costs 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from public offering of securities 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 

Proceeds from exercise of pre-funded warrant 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from SPP Plan 
 
 - 
 
 Tax withholding payments for employee stock-based compensation in exchange for shares surrendered 

Increase in treasury shares (share repurchase program) 

Repayment of Debt 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS INCLUDING RESTRICTED CASH BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS INCLUDING RESTRICTED CASH - END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Initial recognition of right-of-use asset and lease liability during the period 
 
 - 

Change in fair value of interest rate, swap 
 
 - 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

VerifyMe, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders' Equity 

 (In thousands, except
share data) 

Series A 
 Series B 

Convertible 
 Convertible 

Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Common 
 
 Treasury 

Stock 
 Stock 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Stock 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-In 
 Number of 
 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Fair value of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Restricted stock awards, net of
 shares withheld 
for employee tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Restricted Stock Units 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock Purchase Plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued in relation
 to public 
offering of securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Repurchase of Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net income 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Series A 
 Series B 

Convertible 
 Convertible 

Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Common 
 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 

Stock 
 Stock 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Stock 
 Other 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-In 
 Number of 
 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Restricted stock awards, net of
 shares withheld 
for employee tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Restricted Stock Units 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock Purchase Plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued in relation
 to Stock 
Purchase Plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued in relation to private placement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued in relation
 to 
Acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Repurchase of Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Exercise of Pre-funded Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

VerifyMe, Inc. 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

per share, and warrants
to purchase common stock are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the trading symbols VRME and
 VRMEW, respectively. 

VerifyMe, through PeriShip Global, is a software
driven predictive analytics logistics provider of high-touch, end-to-end logistics management, which represents most of our current revenue
stream. In addition, VerifyMe technologies provide product traceability, brand protections services, and consumer engagement solutions.
Our operations are split into two segments: PeriShip Global Solutions and VerifyMe Solutions, which includes Trust Codes Global. Through
our PeriShip Global Solutions segment we provide a value-added service for time and temperature sensitive parcel management driven by
a proprietary software platform that provides predictive analytics from key metrics such as flight-tracking, weather, and traffic, all
delivered to customers via a secure portal. The portal provides real-time visibility into shipment transit and last-mile events, with
dynamic dashboards. All aspects of the of the shipping journey is managed by a dedicated call center. Using our proprietary logistics
solution, we provide real-time information and analysis to mitigate supply chain flow interruption, delivering last-mile resolution for
key markets, including the perishable healthcare and food industries. Through our VerifyMe Solutions segment, our technologies provide
unit level traceability, brand protection, and consumer engagement solutions allowing brand owners to gather business intelligence, cross-sell
products, monitor product diversion through the supply chain and build brand loyalty through interaction utilizing our unique dynamic
codes which are read by consumers with their smart phones. The Company s activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.
See the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
sections in this report. 

- 

Realized loss on fair value recognized in other (expense)/income 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Distribution from Sponsor Entity 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain on fair value recognized in other (expense)/income 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Realized gain on fair value recognized in share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 

Change in fair value to interest rate, SWAP, recognized in other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 

thousand
subject to restrictions. 

thousand and for allowance for credit losses as of December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

per depositor. The Company has not experienced any losses from maintaining cash accounts
in excess of federally insured limits. 

We examined the effect of Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02- Lease (Topic 842) and determined the impact is not material. Our policy is to capitalize
the costs related to this equipment and depreciate on a straight-line basis over the estimated lives of the equipment which was determined
to be years. 

In circumstances where the embedded conversion
option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible
instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative
instrument. 

The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.
Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified as liabilities at
the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified in the balance sheet
as current or non-current based on whether net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected within 12 months of the balance
sheet date. 

We account for stock-based compensation awards
to non-employees in accordance with ASU No. 2018-07, Compensation Stock Based Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee
Share-Based Payment Accounting ASU 2018-07 ), which aligns accounting for share-based payments issued to nonemployees to
that of employees under the existing guidance of Topic 718, with certain exceptions. This update supersedes previous guidance for equity-based
payments to nonemployees under Subtopic 505-50, Equity Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. 

All issuances of stock options or other equity
instruments to non-employees as consideration for goods or services received by the Company are accounted for based on the fair value
of the equity instruments issued. Non-employee equity-based payments are recorded as an expense over the service period, as if we had
paid cash for the services. At the end of each financial reporting period, prior to vesting or prior to the completion of the services,
the fair value of the equity-based payments will be re-measured, and the non-cash expense recognized during the period will be adjusted
accordingly. Since the fair value of equity-based payments granted to non-employees is subject to change in the future, the amount of
the future expense will include fair value re-measurements until the equity-based payments are fully vested or the service completed. 

thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and are included in Sales and
Marketing on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

thousand and thousand, respectively. 

attributed to the Company. On July 6, 2021, the SPAC consummated the IPO
of units (the Units ), including Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
option, generating gross proceeds of 106,260 thousand. Each Unit consisted of one share of SPAC common stock, 0.0001 par value, and
one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of SPAC common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination. Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the SPAC consummated the Private Placement of an aggregate of Units with the Sponsor Entity purchasing
 Units and Maxim Partners LLC purchasing Units, generating total proceeds of thousand. Of this amount, the Company
was the indirect beneficial owner of Units purchased by the Sponsor Entity for a total of thousand. Upon consummation of
the IPO, VerifyMe, as co-sponsor, indirectly through the Sponsor Entity, beneficially owned approximately of the outstanding shares
of the SPAC, which shares were subject to forfeiture upon certain conditions and restrictions on transfer. 

As a result of ceasing to have a controlling financial
interest in the Sponsor Entity on April 12, 2021, the Company accounted for the Sponsor Entity as an equity investment and has elected
the fair value option. 

The SPAC was unable to complete its initial business
combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO and the Sponsor Entity decided not to fund the extension and did not deposit
additional funds into the trust account. As a result, the SPAC was dissolved and liquidated in accordance with its charter. The SPAC redeemed
100 of the public shares for cash on July 19, 2022, the rights expired worthless, and the founder shares and private placement securities
became worthless. The SPAC was dissolved on July 29, 2022, and no distributions were made to the Sponsors. In December 2022, it was determined
that the costs to dissolve the SPAC were ultimately less than the remaining assets of the SPAC and the SPAC made a distribution to the
Company of 32 thousand. 

The fair value of the equity investment was 
million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The fair value of the equity investment was classified as Level
3 in the fair value hierarchy as the calculation was dependent upon company specific adjustments to the observable trading price of the
SPAC s public units and shares, and related risk of forfeiture should no business combination occur. The Company recognized a loss
on equity investments of thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in the Loss on equity investments in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

In December 2021, the Company acquired shares
of Cumulative Convertible Series D Preferred Stock at a price of per share as payment for a customer s outstanding AR
balance of 88,410. This instrument is considered an equity security within the scope of Topic 321 since the issuing entity has the option
but no contractual obligation to redeem the preferred stock, and the Company can convert the preferred shares to common stock. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, a fair value gain of thousand, was recognized and included in Loss on equity investments, in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of the equity investment was thousand as of December 31, 2022, and thousand
as of December 31, 2021, and included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
fair value of the equity investment is classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as the calculation is dependent upon the quoted
market price of the entity. 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Premium services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Brand protection services 

- 
 - 

- 

Contract Balances 

The timing of revenue recognition, billings and
cash collections results in unbilled revenue (contract assets) and deferred revenue (contract liabilities) on the consolidated balance
sheets. Amounts charged to our clients become billable according to the contract terms, which usually consider the delivery completion.
Unbilled amounts will generally be billed and collected within 30 days but typically no longer than 60 days. When we advance
bill clients prior to the work being performed, generally, such amounts will be earned and recognized in revenue within the 30 days. These
assets and liabilities are reported on the consolidated balance sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period.
Changes in the contract asset and liability balances during the year ended December 31, 2022, were not materially impacted by any other
factors. 

Applying the practical expedient in ASC Topic
606, we recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts (i.e. sales commissions) as an expense when incurred if the amortization
period of the assets that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any capitalized
sales commissions. 

million which consisted of million in cash paid at closing, a promissory note of million
with a fixed interest rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance, to be paid in three installments on the sixth, fifteenth,
and eighteenth month anniversaries of the closing, and shares of common stock of the Company, representing 1.0 million in stock
consideration. The goodwill recognized is due to the expected synergies from combining the operations of the acquire with the Company.
All of the goodwill recorded for financial statement purposes is deductible for tax purposes. The acquired PeriShip business is included
in the PeriShip Global Solutions segment and the results of its operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements
beginning April 22, 2022. 

On September 22, 2022, the Company entered into
an agreement with the owner of PeriShip, LLC to resolve certain disputes among the parties, reduce the principal and interest on the promissory
note, repay the amended promissory note in full, and repurchased shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 9). The Company
accounted for the agreement in accordance with Topic 250, through earnings, with the full amount included as a Gain on extinguishment
of debt on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for a total of thousand, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The following table summarizes the purchase price
allocation for the acquisition (dollars in thousands). 

Promissory note 

Stock (issuance of 305,473 shares of common stock) (1) 

Total purchase price 

Amortization 

Period 
 
 Purchase price allocation: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Developed Technology 
 
 years 
 
 Trade Names/Trademarks 
 
 years 
 
 Customer Relationships 
 
 years 
 
 Non-Compete Agreement 
 
 years 
 
 Property and Equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable and other accrued expenses 

(1) 

Unaudited Pro forma Financial Information 

The following unaudited proforma financial information
presents the combined results of operations of the Company and gives effect to the acquisition discussed above for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, as if the acquisition had occurred as of the beginning of the first period presented instead of on April 22, 2022. 

The pro forma financial information is presented
for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been realized if the acquisition
had been completed on January 1, 2021, nor does it purport to project the results of operations of the combined company in future periods.
The pro forma financial information does not give effect to any anticipated integration costs related to the acquired company during the
periods presented. 

The below table summarizes proforma financial
information for the Company, and the acquired PeriShip business, assuming the acquisition date of PeriShip occurred on January 1, 2021
(dollars in thousands): 

Net Income (loss) 

Net book value at 

December 31, 2022 
 - 

Intangible Assets Subject to Amortization 

Our intangible assets include amounts recognized
in connection with patents and trademarks, capitalized software and acquisitions, including customer relationships, tradenames, developed
technology and non-compete agreements. Intangible assets are initially valued at fair market value using generally accepted valuation
methods appropriate for the type of intangible asset. Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life
of the intangible assets. Intangible assets with definite lives are reviewed for impairment if indicators of impairment arise. Except
for goodwill, we do not have any intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. 

Intangible assets with finite lives are
subject to amortization over their estimated useful lives. The primary assets included in this category and their respective
balances were as follows (in thousands): 

Capitalized Software 

Customer Relationships 

Developed Technology 

Internally Used Software 

Non-Compete Agreement 

December 31, 2021 

Patents and Trademarks 

Capitalized Software 

Amortization expense for intangible assets was
 thousand and thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Patents and Trademarks 

As of December 31, 2022, the current patent and
trademark portfolios consist of eleven granted U.S. patents and one granted European patent validated in four countries (France,
Germany, United Kingdom, and Italy), six pending U.S. and foreign patent applications, fifteen registered U.S. trademarks (of which seven
trademarks were acquired through our wholly owned subsidiary, PeriShip Global), two EU trademark registrations, one Colombian trademark
registration, one Australian trademark registration, one Japanese trademark registration, one Mexican trademark registration, one Singaporean
trademark registration, two UK trademark registrations, and twenty-one pending US and foreign trademark applications. 

The Company expects to record amortization expense
of intangible assets over the next 5 years and thereafter as follows (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022, our intangible assets
with definite lives had a weighted average remaining useful life of 8.4 years. We have no amortizable intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives. 

Taxes under statutory US tax rates 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: 

Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance 

Change in State tax rate 
 
 - 
 
 All other 

State taxes 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

The decrease in the Company's net valuation allowance was due primarily
to a realized loss in our equity investment (See Note 2-Equity Investment), and to net operating losses which will expire unutilized due
to limitations resulting from application of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended IRC ). 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts used for income
tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

Restricted Stock (RSA s, RSU s) 

Stock Options 

Stock Purchase Plan (SPP) 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 

Intangibles 

Acquisition Transaction Costs 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalized Research and Development 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized Gain on Investment 

Bad Debt 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend Income 
 
 - 
 
 Gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Total deferred tax liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities) 
 - 
 - 

In 2022, the Company completed the IRC Section
382 analysis, and determined that an ownership change occurred sufficient to impose additional limitations on the use of NOL carryforwards.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, Federal and state NOLs of million and , respectively, will expire unutilized due to the
limitations of Section 382, leaving Federal and state NOL carryforwards of 24.4 million and 13.1 million, respectively that may be offset
against future taxable income. Some of the Federal and state tax NOL carryforwards will expire at various dates through 2037. Generally,
these can be carried forward and applied against future taxable income at the tax rate applicable at that time. We are currently using
an effective income tax rate of for our projected available net operating loss carry-forward. No tax benefit has been reported in
the December 31, 2022, due to the uncertainty surrounding the realizability of the benefit. 

In accordance with FASB
ASC 740 Income Taxes , valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets, if based on the weight of available
evidence, some or all of the deferred tax assets may or will not be realized. The Company has evaluated its ability to realize some or
all of the deferred tax assets on its balance sheet and has established a valuation allowance of approximately million at December
31, 2022. The Company did not utilize any NOL deductions for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company applied the more-likely-than-not 
recognition threshold to all tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, which resulted in unrecognized tax benefits
as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The Company s practice is to recognize interest
and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company had no accrual for interest and penalties on the balance
sheets and has t recognized interest and/or penalties in the Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various
state jurisdictions. The Company s tax years from 2003 are subject to examination by the United States and state taxing authorities
due to the carryforward of unutilized NOLs. 

There are taxes payable as of December 31,
2022, or December 31, 2021. 

million
unsecured promissory note through our subsidiary PeriShip Global as part of the acquisition of the PeriShip business. The note had a fixed
interest rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance, to be paid in three installments on the sixth, fifteenth, and eighteenth
month anniversaries of the closing. On September 22, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with the note holder whereby the Company
repaid the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest outstanding on the note and redeemed 61,000 shares of its common stock from
the holder of the note, for a total of 1.8 million, at which point the guarantee agreement entered into by the Company in connection
therewith was automatically terminated and has no further effect. 

The Company accounted for the early extinguishment
of debt in accordance with ASC 405-20 - Extinguishment of Liabilities , and recognized a gain included in Gain on extinguishment
of debt on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations of thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Contemporaneously, the Company entered into a
new debt facility with PNC Bank, National Association (the PNC Facility ). The PNC Facility includes a 1 million revolving
line of credit (the RLOC with a term of one-year, expiring in September 2023. The RLOC has no scheduled payments of
principal until maturity, and bears interest per annum at a rate equal to the sum of Daily SOFR plus 2.85 with monthly interest payments.
The PNC Facility also includes a four-year term note (the Term Note for 2 million which matures in September of 2026 and
requires equal quarterly payments of principal and interest. The Term Note incurs interest per annum at a rate equal to the sum of Daily
SOFR plus 3.1 . The RLOC and Term Note are guaranteed by the Company and secured by the assets of PeriShip Global and the Company. 

The PNC Facility includes a number of affirmative
and restrictive covenants applicable to PeriShip Global, including, among others, a financial covenant to maintain a fixed charge coverage
ratio of at least 1.10 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal year, affirmative covenants regarding delivery of financial statements, payment
of taxes, and establishing primary depository accounts with PNC Bank, and restrictive covenants regarding dispositions of property, acquisitions,
incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, investments and transactions with affiliates. PeriShip Global is also restricted from
paying dividends or making other distributions or payments on its capital stock if an event of default (as defined in the PNC Facility)
has occurred or would occur upon such declaration of dividend. PeriShip Global was in compliance with all affirmative and restrictive
covenants under the PNC Facility at December 31, 2022. 

Effective October 17, 2022, the Company entered
into an interest rate swap agreement, with a notional amount of thousand, effectively fixing the interest rate on the Company s
outstanding debt at . The Company has designated the intertest rate swap, expiring September 2026, as a cash flow hedge and have
applied hedge accounting. The fair value of the derivative liability associated with the interest rate swap was 3 thousand as of December
31, 2022, and is included in Long-term Derivative Liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

As of December 31, 2022, our short-term debt outstanding
under the Term Note was million and total long-term debt outstanding under the Term Note was million. 

No amounts were drawn on the RLOC as of December
31, 2022. 

On May 17,
2020, the Company entered into a paycheck protection program term note for thousand (the SBA Loan with PNC Bank, N.A.
under the recently enacted Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act pursuant to the Paycheck Protection
Program (the PPP ), which is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The SBA Loan was scheduled to mature
on , and bore interest at a rate of per annum and is subject to the terms and conditions applicable to loans administered
by the U.S. Small Business Administration under the CARES Act. 

The
Company applied for and was notified in June 2021 that 69 thousand in eligible payroll expenditures as described in the CARES Act, has
been forgiven. Loan forgiveness is reflected in Other Income (Expense), Net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The forgiveness recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021, included principal of thousand, and interest payable of thousand.
The remaining loan balance of thousand was paid in full in June 2021. 

per share (the Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value of 0 
per share (the Series B ). As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were shares of Series A outstanding and of a
share of Series B outstanding convertible into shares of common stock. Each share of Series A and Series B has limited voting
rights, is entitled to participate with the common stock on liquidation and holders of Series A and Series B are subject to beneficial
ownership limitations. 

thousand and thousand
related to restricted stock awards for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The Company expensed thousand and 
thousand related to restricted stock units for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
the Company issued and shares of common stock in relation to services with a stock-based compensation expense of thousand
and thousand, respectively. 

On August 11, 2022, we received an exercise notice
to exercise pre-funded warrants with an exercise price of per share. Upon receipt of the Company issued shares
of its common stock. 

On April 22, 2022, shares of common stock
were issued in relation to the acquisition of the PeriShip business, see Note 4 Business Combinations, for details. 

On April
15, 2022, the Company withheld and retired 750 shares of common stock in order to satisfy U.S. payroll tax withholding obligations on
restricted stock awards held by our Chief Financial Officer. 

On April 12, 2022, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with a selling stockholder and certain directors, providing for the
issuance and sale to purchasers therein of an aggregate of 880,208 shares of our common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 675,000
shares of our common stock, and warrants to purchase up to 1,555,208 shares of our common stock, for gross proceeds to us of approximately
 5.0 million and net proceeds of 4.6 million. The pre-funded warrant is exercisable immediately and shall terminate when fully exercised
and has an exercise price of 0.001 per share. The pre-funded warrant was exercised in full on August 11, 2022. The warrants will be exercisable
for a period of five years commencing six months from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 3.215 per share. Both the pre-funded
warrants and warrants contain price adjustment provisions which may, under certain circumstances, reduce the applicable exercise price.
The transaction closed on April 14, 2022. 

On March 29, 2022, the Company withheld and retired
8,870 shares of common stock in order to satisfy U.S. payroll tax withholding obligations on restricted stock awards held by our Chief
Executive Officer. 

Non-Qualified Stock Purchase Plan 

On June 10, 2021, the stockholders of the Company
approved a non-qualified stock purchase plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan provides eligible participants, including employees,
directors and consultants of the Company, the opportunity to purchase shares of the Company s common stock thereby increasing their
interest in the Company s continued success. The maximum numbers of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2021
Plan is 500,000 shares. The purchase price of shares of common stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an option will be the lesser
of 85 of the fair market value of a share (a) on the enrollment date, and (b) on the exercise date. The 2021 Plan is not intended to
qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ).
The Company applied FASB ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation and estimated the fair value using the Black-Scholes model,
as the plan is considered compensatory. In relation to the non-qualified stock purchase plan the Company expensed thousand and 
thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Shares Held in Treasury 

As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021,
the Company had and shares, respectively, held in treasury with a value of approximately thousand and thousand,
respectively. 

On February 28, 2022, five participants exercised
their option under the Company s non-qualified stock purchase plan, and as a result, shares were issued from treasury with
a purchase price of per share. 

On August 31, 2022, four participants exercised
their option under the Company s non-qualified stock purchase plan, and as a result, shares were issued from treasury with
a purchase price of per share. 

On September 22, 2022, the Company paid 1.8 million
of the 2.0 million principal amount promissory note issued to the seller in connection with the PeriShip acquisition, inclusive of the
Company redeeming 61,000 shares of its common stock from the seller, pursuant to an agreement with the seller, see Note 4. 

Shares Repurchase Program 

In November 2020, the Company s Board of
Directors approved a share repurchase program for up to 1.5 million of the Company s common stock until August 16, 2021. On
August 12, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors extended the share repurchase program to expire on August 16, 2022. Effective
July 1, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors terminated the existing share repurchase program and approved a new share repurchase
program to replace the existing program due to expire on August 16, 2022, to allow the Company to spend up to million to repurchase
shares of its common stock, so long as the price does not exceed 5.00 until July 1, 2023. During year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
repurchased 158,906 shares of common stock under the Company s current program. 

shares of common stock. The
2013 Plan is intended to permit certain stock options granted to employees under the 2013 Plan to qualify as incentive stock options. All
options granted under the 2013 Plan, which are not intended to qualify as incentive stock options are deemed to be non-qualified stock
options. 

On November 14, 2017, the Executive Committee
of the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan which covered the potential
issuance of shares of common stock. The 2017 Plan provided that directors, officers, employees, and consultants of the Company
were eligible to receive equity incentives under the 2017 Plan at the discretion of the Board or the Board s Compensation Committee. 

On August 10, 2020, the Company s Board
of Directors adopted the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ), subject to stockholder approval, which authorizes the
potential issuance of up to shares of common stock. On September 30, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the 2020
Plan, and upon such approval the 2020 Plan became effective and the 2017 Plan was terminated. Shares of common stock underlying existing
awards under the 2017 Plan may become available for issuance pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Plan under certain circumstances. Employees
and non-employee directors of the Company or its affiliates, and other individuals who perform services for the Company or any of its
affiliates, are eligible to receive awards under the 2020 Plan at the discretion of the Board of Directors or the Board s Compensation
Committee. 

The 2020 Plan is administered by the Compensation
Committee which determines the persons to whom awards will be granted, the number of awards to be granted and the specific terms of each
grant, including the vesting thereof, subject to the provisions of the plan. 

. 

The Company has issued non-qualified stock options
pursuant to contractual agreements with non-employees. Options granted under the agreements are expensed when the related service
or product is provided. Determining the appropriate fair value of stock-based awards requires the input of subjective assumptions. The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value its stock option awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair
value represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and judgements. 

Stock Options 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited/Cancelled/Expired 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited/Cancelled/Expired 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 

(1) 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had no unvested stock
options. 

The following table summarizes the activities for the Company s
unvested stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Vested 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Vested 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
the Company expensed thousand and thousand with respect to options. 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there was 
unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock options. 

Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock
Units 

The following table summarizes the unvested restricted
stock awards as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Vested 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, total unrecognized
share-based compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards was thousand and thousand respectively, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years as of December 31, 2022. 

The following table summarizes the unvested restricted
stock units as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, total unrecognized
share-based compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units was thousand and thousand respectively, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years as of December 31, 2022. 

For RSUs with stock price appreciation targets,
we applied a lattice approach that incorporated a Monte Carlo simulation, which involved random iterations that took different future
price paths over the RSU s contractual life based on the appropriate probability distributions (which are based on commonly applied
Black Scholes inputs). The fair value of each grant was determined by taking the average of the grant date fair values under each Monte
Carlo simulation trial. We recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the derived service period and there is no ongoing
adjustment or reversal based on actual achievement during the period. 

The following table summarizes the unvested performance
restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022. There were no performance restricted stock units prior to the year 2022.: 

Vested 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized share-based
compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units was thousand, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of years. 

Warrants 

The following table summarizes the activities
for the Company s warrants for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

(1) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
the Company granted 34,942 warrants and 0 warrants to warrant holders pursuant to anti-dilution provisions, 1,555,208 warrants
and 0 warrants in conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement, respectively (see Note 9 Stockholders Equity). As
the fair value of the warrants granted would have had a net zero impact to equity (increasing additional paid in capital and offering
costs for the same amount), the Company did not break out or complete a separate valuation of the warrants granted in association with
either capital raise. 

Pre-funded Warrants 

On April 14, 2022, in connection with our Securities
Purchase Agreement (see Note 9 Stockholders Equity), the Company issued 675,000 pre-funded warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of 675,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 3.214 per pre-funded warrant, which represented
the per share public offering price for the common stock less the 0.001 per share exercise price for each pre-funded warrant.
In August 2022, 675,000 pre-funded warrants with an exercise price of per share were exercised, and shares of the Company s
common stock were issued. No pre-funded warrants are outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares of common stock basic 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Preferred Stock 

- 

Stock Options 

- 

Warrants 

- 

Stock Purchase Plan 

- 

Restricted Stock Units Restricted Stock Awards 

- 

Weighted average shares of common 
stock diluted 

(Loss)/Earnings per share 

Basic 

) 

Diluted 

) 

The following table represents the weighted average
number of anti-dilutive instruments excluded from the computation of diluted (loss)/earnings per share: 

- 

Stock Options 

Warrants 

Stock purchase plan 
 
 - 

Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Awards 

par value per share, of G3 VRM Acquisition Corp. The SPAC RSUs were to vest
upon the initial business combination of the SPAC (see Note 2 Equity Investments) subject to continuous service to the Company
through the vesting date. Each vested SPAC RSU represented the right to receive the value of one share of stock in G3 VRM Acquisition
Corp., which was to be paid to the director as soon as practicable after the fifteen-month anniversary of the vesting date. The grant
date fair value of the SPAC RSUs for each director was thousand. As the underlying awards were not the Company s stock but an
unrelated, publicly traded entity s shares, the Company accounted for the awards under ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging,
with the expense included in stock-based compensation under General and Administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations. 

In June 2022, the Sponsor Entity decided not to
fund the extension for the time that the SPAC had to complete its initial business combination. As a result, the SPAC was dissolved and
liquidated in accordance with its charter and under ASC 815, and the derivative instrument was terminated. As a result, the SPAC RSUs
were forfeited. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded the effect of termination to reduce the fair value and
recorded a credit to share-based compensation expense of 71 thousand in relation to these awards. The fair value of the derivative liability
was as of December 31, 2022, and thousand as of December 31, 2021. 

Effective October 17, 2022, the Company entered
into an interest rate swap agreement (see Note 7 Debt for details). 

thousand and thousand respectively
and is recognized as compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations for matching contributions to the Plan. 

- 
 
 Short-term lease cost 

Total lease costs 

Supplemental information related to leases was
as follows (dollars in thousands): 

- 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Weighted-average remaining lease term for operating leases (years) 

Weighted average discount rate for operating leases 

The following is a reconciliation of future undiscounted
cash flows to the operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of future lease payments 

Less: current portion of lease liabilities 

Long-term lease liabilities 

of revenues and five customers represented of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, two customers made up
 of accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, three customers accounted for of total accounts receivable. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, one vendor accounted for 
of transportation costs, in our PeriShip Global Solutions segment. 

The following table sets forth the revenue and operating results attributable
to each reportable segment and includes a reconciliation of segment revenue to consolidated revenue and operating results to consolidated
loss before income tax expense (in thousands): 

- 
 
 VerifyMe Solutions 

Total Revenue 

Gross Profit 

PeriShip Global Solutions 
 
 - 
 
 VerifyMe Solutions 

Total Gross Profit 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

LOSS BEFORE OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

Additional information relating to our business
segments is as follows (in thousands): 

Identifiable assets: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

PeriShip Global Solutions 
 
 - 
 
 VerifyMe Solutions 

Total Assets 

, which consisted of
approximately in cash (the Cash Consideration and the issuance of shares of restricted common stock of
the Company at per share (the Stock Consideration (representing in Stock Consideration). The total consideration
due under the Transaction is subject to certain post-Closing adjustments, which shall be accounted for in the first cash earnout payment,
discussed below, if applicable. 

Under
the APA, during the five-year period ending on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date, Trust Codes Global shall pay the Seller quarterly
cash earnout payments equal to 18 of the gross margin earned on existing customers and the Company shall issue to the Seller annual equity
earnout payments of restricted shares of the Company s common stock equal to 20 of gross margin earned on new customers during
the applicable 12 month period divided by the VWAP for the 30-day period ending on the last day of the 12-month period, inclusive.
If the value of equity earnout shares issued exceeds 3.1 million at any time during the earnout period, then any subsequent amount of
equity earnout shall be reduced to 10 of gross margin earned on new customers received during the applicable 12-month period. In certain
circumstance Trust Codes Global may pay cash in lieu of the Company issuing restricted common stock for the equity earnout. 

The APA is structured
to comply with the shareholder approval requirements of the Nasdaq listing rules and contains a blocker provision which prevents the Seller
from receiving any equity earnout shares should such earnout shares, in connection with the Stock Consideration, cause the Seller to beneficially
own more than 19.99 of the voting securities of the Company. The APA contains customary confidentiality
and indemnification provisions and customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties for transactions of this type and
also contains a five-year non-compete and non-solicitation provision applicable to the Seller, Seller s Parent, and each of their
affiliates, in favor of the Company and Trust Codes Global. 

On February 28, 2023, fourteen participants exercised
their option under the Company s non-qualified stock purchase plan, and as a result, shares were issued with an exercise
price of . 

Effective March 15, 2023, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Patrick White, resigned as an officer and director of the
Company. Scott Greenberg, the Company s executive chairman of the Board, was appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer. In
connection with his resignation, Mr. White will receive payments totaling 159 thousand. In addition the Company awarded him 
restricted stock units, with a grant date value equal to 70 of his annual base salary, each
such unit representing the contingent right to receive one share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share,
subject to the terms of the Company s 2020 Plan. These restricted stock units, except as otherwise provided in the award
agreement, vest within three years in equal tranches provided the Company s stock price exceeds 2.75 and 3.75
per share for twenty consecutive trading days. In connection with the grant of the restricted stock units Mr. White forfeited his
outstanding award of restricted stock units granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement dated February 26, 2022. 

In connection with his appointment
as Interim Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Greenberg
was awarded restricted stock units, with a grant date value equal to , each such unit representing the contingent right
to receive one share of the Common Stock, subject to the terms of the 2020 Plan. These restricted stock units, except as otherwise provided
in the award agreement, vest within three years in equal tranches provided the Company s stock price exceeds 2.75 and 3.75
per share for twenty consecutive trading days. 

F-30 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 ex4_8.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.8

Exhibit 4.8 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

The following is a brief description
of (i) the common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase common stock (the warrants ),
of VerifyMe, Inc. (the Company, we, our or us ), which are the only securities
of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This description is not complete,
and we qualify it by referring to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation ),
our amended and restated bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws ), the form of warrant, the form of Representative Warrant and the
terms of the Warrant Agent Agreement, dated June 22, 2020, (the Warrant Agreements for our outstanding warrants registered
under Section 12, each of which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

Our Articles of Incorporation
authorize us to issue 750,000,000 shares of capital stock, divided into two classes: 

650,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share; and 

75,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share preferred stock 

Common Stock 

Holders of our common stock
are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Subject to any rights of
holders of our preferred stock, holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be
declared from time to time by our board of directors out of funds legally available for dividend payments. Upon our liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, after payment of creditors and holders of outstanding shares of our preferred stock, if any, holders of shares of our common
stock will be entitled to share ratably in any of the remaining assets of the Company. Our shares of our common stock are not subject
to any liability for further assessments. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. Our common
stock is not subject to call. The holders of our common stock have no cumulative voting, conversion, or pre-emptive or other subscription
rights. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Articles of Incorporation
provides our board of directors the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue, from time to time, up to 75,000,000
shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Our board of directors has the authority to determine the terms of each series of preferred
stock, within the limits of the Articles of Incorporation and the laws of the state of Nevada. These terms include the number of shares
in a series, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, terms of redemption, conversion rights, and voting rights. 

The issuance of any preferred
stock may negatively affect the holders of our common stock. These possible negative effects include diluting the voting power of shares
of our common stock, affecting the market price or value of our common stock and delaying, deterring or preventing a change of control
of us or an unsolicited acquisition proposal. 

Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock . Holders of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to participate pro rata with holders of common stock with
respect to dividends and other distributions, including the distribution of assets upon liquidation. Each share of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock is convertible at any time into 169,934 shares of common stock; provided, that holders of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock are prohibited from converting Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of common stock if, as a result of such conversion,
the holder, together with its affiliates, would own more than 4.99 of the total number of shares of common stock then issued and outstanding.
Holders of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are not entitled to vote, except (i) as otherwise required by law and (ii) that each
issued and outstanding share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares
of common stock into which each such share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible in connection with (A) certain fundamental
transactions or (B) the issuance by the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions or series of related transactions,
of shares of common stock, options or convertible securities if, in the aggregate, the number of such shares of common stock together
with the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise, as applicable, of such options and convertible securities
is more than 20 of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding prior to any such issuance. 

Warrants 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding
warrants, which are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol VRMEW, to purchase an aggregate
of 3,073,379 shares of common stock as follows: 

2,173,913 warrants to purchase up to 2,173,913 shares of common stock that were issued by the Company
on June 22, 2020 in connection with its underwritten public offering (the Offering and listing on Nasdaq (the Offering
Warrants ); 

325,987 warrants to purchase up to 325,987 shares of common stock that were issued by the Company to the
representative of the underwriters of the Offering upon it partially exercising its over-allotment option to purchase up to 326,087 warrants
for 326,087 shares of common stock (the Over-Allotment Warrants ); and 

573,479 warrants to purchase up to 573,479 shares of common stock that were issued by the Company upon
closing of the Offering to certain persons in exchange for the cancellation of their warrants that were issued in connection with a private
placement that was completed on March 6, 2020 Exchange Warrants and together with the Offering Warrants and
 Over-Allotment Warrants, collectively, the Uplist Warrants ). 

Uplist Warrants 

The Uplist Warrants are exercisable at an exercise
price of 4.60 per share and will expire on June 22, 2025. Each Uplist Warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock. The exercise
price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Uplist Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including
in the event of a stock dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Uplist Warrants will not be
adjusted for issuances of common stock at prices below its exercise price. The terms of the Uplist Warrants are governed by a Warrant
Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020, between the Company and West Coast Stock Transfer, Inc., as the warrant agent. 

Representative s Warrants 

In connection with the Offering, we issued warrants
to purchase up to 173,913 shares of common stock to the representative of the underwriters of the Offering (the Representative s
Warrants ). The Representative s Warrants are exercisable at any time, and from time to time, in whole or in part, during
the three-year period commencing 180 days following June 17, 2020 at an exercise price of 5.06. Each Representative s Warrant is
exercisable for one share of common stock. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Representative s
Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger
or consolidation. However, the Representative s Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at prices below its
exercise price. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws 

Preferred Stock 

Our board of directors, without stockholder approval, has the authority
under our Articles of Incorporation to issue preferred stock with rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. As a result,
preferred stock, while not intended as a defensive measure against takeovers, could be issued quickly and easily, could adversely affect
the rights of holders of common stock and could be issued with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change of control of the Company
or make removal of management more difficult. 

Board of Directors Vacancies; Removal of Directors for Cause 

Our Bylaw authorize only our board of directors, subject to our Articles
of Incorporation and Nevada law, to create new directorships and to fill any vacant directorships by a majority vote of the directors.
These provisions have the effect of preventing a stockholder from gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies
with its own nominee. In addition, members of the board of directors may only be removed by the affirmative vote of the holders of not
less than two-thirds of the voting power of our issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.
This provision may have the effect of delaying a change in control of our board. 

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Proposals and Stockholder
Nominations of Directors 

Our Bylaws provide for advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking
to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting
of stockholders and specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions might
preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at
our annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders 

Special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by our chief
executive officer, the chairman of the board of directors or the president of the company pursuant to the requirements of our Bylaws. 

Amendment of Bylaws 

Our Bylaws grant both our stockholders and our board of directors the
power to amend or repeal our bylaws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors or the combined voting stock of the
outstanding capital stock of the Company. 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF VERIFYME, INC. 

The following is a list of our subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022
that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K. 

Subsidiary Company 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 
 PeriShip Global, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

I, Scott Greenberg, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of VerifyMe, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023. 

/s/ Scott Greenberg 

Scott Greenberg 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

I, Margaret Gezerlis, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of VerifyMe, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ Margaret Gezerlis 

Margaret Gezerlis 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the report of VerifyMe, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, I, Scott Greenberg, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and 

2. The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Scott Greenberg 

Scott Greenberg 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and 
 Executive
Chairman 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 28, 2023 

In connection with the report
of VerifyMe, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Margaret Gezerlis, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and 

2. The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Margaret Gezerlis 

Margaret Gezerlis 
 Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

Dated: March 28, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vrme-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vrme-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vrme-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vrme-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

