<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1695963_0001214659-23-004585.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6699170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151170</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1723423</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2095863</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1218146</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1325764</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-004585.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331151304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-004585
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Korth Direct Mortgage Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001695963
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MORTGAGE BANKERS & LOAN CORRESPONDENTS [6162]
		IRS NUMBER:				270644172
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-215782
		FILM NUMBER:		23786983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 SAN LORENZO AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33146
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3056688485

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 SAN LORENZO AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33146

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Korth Direct Mortgage LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-004585.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 kdm31623010k.htm

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 . 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). o No x . The Registrant
voluntarily files Exchange Act Reports and has filed all Exchange Act reports for the preceding 12 months. 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

o 
 Smaller Reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
Yes o No x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o 
 x 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter. 

There is market for the common equity of Korth Direct Mortgage Inc.
As of December 31, 2022, there were common shares of KDM outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE, Inc. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 14 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 20 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 20 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 21 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 22 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ownership and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 25 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 26 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 26 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 27 

3 

 Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the information contained in this Report
constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
may include current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and statements that do not directly relate to any historical
or current fact. When used in this Annual Report, in future filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the
Company s press releases or other public or shareholder communications, on the Company s website, or in oral statements made
with the approval of an authorized executive officer, the words or phrases will likely result, are expected to, 
 will continue, is anticipated, estimate, project, plans, believes, 
or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company s forward-looking statements are based on
management s current expectations and assumptions regarding the Company s business and performance, the economy, and other
future conditions and forecasts of future events, circumstances and results. As with any projection statement or forecast, forward-looking
statements are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in circumstances and underlying assumptions. The Company s actual
results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in its forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause the
Company s actual results to differ materially from those in its forward-looking statements include, among other things, our inability
to predict the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts may adversely impact our business operations, financial performance,
results of operations, financial position, and the achievement of our strategic objectives; the status of borrowers; the ability of borrowers
to repay CM Loans, as defined below; the plans of borrowers; expected rates of return and interest rates; mortgage default rates; property
values; the commercial real estate market; competition from larger better capitalized competitors, the attractiveness of our CM Loans
and Notes; our financial performance; the availability of a secondary market for our Notes; our ability to retain and hire competent employees
and appropriately staff our operation; government regulation; regional and national economic conditions, substantial changes in levels
of market interest rates; and other competitive and regulatory factors. 

The Company does not undertake and specifically
disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or
circumstances after the date of such statements. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Throughout this Report we use the terms KDM, we, 
 Company, and us to refer to Korth Direct Mortgage Inc, and its subsidiaries. 

Our principal executive offices are located at
135 San Lorenzo Avenue Suite 600, Coral Gables, Florida 33146, and our telephone number is (305) 668-8485. Our website address is korthdirect.com. 

Korth Direct Mortgage Inc., began its formal operations
in October of 2016 when we engaged our Chief Lending Officer. KDM is a licensed Mortgage Lender Servicer with the State of Florida. Our
NMLS License Number is 1579547. KDM converted from a Florida limited liability company to a Florida corporation effective June 6, 2019.
On July 31, 2020 KDM s ownership was reorganized, and its former sole shareholder, J. W. Korth Company Limited Partnership J. W. Korth ), a Michigan limited partnership which is a FINRA and SEC registered broker-dealer founded in 1982, is now
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Overview 

KDM originates and funds loans secured by commercial real estate
(each a CM Loan and collectively the CM Loans ). CM Loans are held by KDM or its wholly owned subsidiary KDM
Funding I, LLC as lender. KDM is also the servicer of the CM Loans, though it may use a sub-servicer for some loans. KDM funds its CM
Loans directly in the capital markets through issuance of Mortgage Secured Notes MSNs or Notes ), through
direct participations, or other means (see The KDM Process ).The MSNs are special obligations of KDM, payable to the extent
that the underlying mortgage is paid by the borrower. MSNs are secured by KDM s interest in the underlying CM Loan. CM Loans are
secured obligations of the borrowers, which are generally a single-purpose entity formed or existing that owns the underlying property
that is financed. 

Our loan origination team is comprised of employees
and a network of brokers that have joined the KDM Broker Network to submit loans to us via our website and email. We have created software
that integrates with our customer relationship management CRM software to optimize our digital marketing campaigns and
streamline our origination program. We also engage in traditional email, internet, trade show, and telephone marketing as well as leveraging
our broker network to source new deals. 

We have positioned ourselves in the lending market
as a source for commercial real estate loans of higher quality borrowers, and borrowers that may not qualify or may not want to go through
the process for bank loans, but whose loans have strong property and mortgage-related metrics. We fill the gap between traditional lenders
and hard money lenders, what we call Middle-Money . . Property metrics depend on the type of CM Loan being offered and are described
below. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

KDM is currently focused on the market for loans secured by mortgages
on commercial tenanted properties, including multi-family housing, offices, industrial, retail and warehouses, but may fund other types
of commercial real estate. 

KDM funds its loans in a variety of ways, including
by securitizing them in the capital markets as MSNs. J. W. Korth acts as the underwriter of the Notes and distributes them to institutional
investors. The cash from the closing of each MSN issuances is used to complete the funding of the CM Loan or CM Loans underlying each
MSN or to repurchase the loan from our warehouse line. KDM also sells loan participations, senior and subordinated notes sometimes alongside
an MSN. 

In 2022, KDM s business has broadened, and
we have diversified our funding channels to include funding that extends beyond just the MSN program. In order to encompass all of the
options, throughout this document when referring to KDM s business as a whole, we will refer to CM Investments and CM Investors.
These terms include our MSN program and its Noteholders, loan participations and the participants, senior note sales and their purchasers,
funds and their investors, and separately managed accounts and their investors. 

The KDM Process 

When KDM identifies a property proposed for financing, it is screened
by KDM s origination underwriting team. If the proposed financing passes preliminary underwriting and the KDM Rating process, KDM
will put out a term sheet to the prospective borrower. Once the term sheet is signed and deposit is received, KDM orders an appraisal
and other third-party reports that it has determined are necessary to underwrite the file. Depending on the planned loan disposition,
KDM will begin its CM Investor sales process on a parallel path with underwriting. Once underwriting is complete, KDM closes the loan. 

KDM may market the loan as an MSN, for participation,
or close the loan on the warehouse line, distributing the interests in the loan to investors later. 

If the loan is being funded by a simultaneous
MSN issuance, The initial purchaser will execute orders and funds will transfer on the settlement date to one of KDM s segregated
accounts. KDM will then fund the CM Loan and issue the MSNs. 

 KDM receives monthly interest and principal payments
from CM Loan borrowers. KDM collects its service fee from the interest portion of the payment and then disburses the remaining interest
and principal via wire transfer, ACH, or to DTC for credit to CM Investors accounts at their respective DTC member or those brokerage
firms corresponding with DTC members, or directly, as the case may be. 

We make CM Loans to borrowers throughout the United
States. As of the date of this Report, we were not dependent on any single party for a material amount of our revenue. 

Borrowers identify their intended use of CM Loan
proceeds in their initial CM Loan request. In some cases we do not verify or monitor a borrower s actual use of funds following
the funding of a CM Loan unless otherwise specified in the offering memorandum for the MSN. 

The KDM Ratings System 

In order to assist us with pricing and underwriting
CM Loans, KDM has created an internal CM Loan rating system. 

The scoring matrix consists of seven factors,
each weighted according to its relative importance in how we view the loans we choose to make. The seven factors are: loan to value, debt
service coverage ratio, property type, property/improvement age, property demand/metropolitan statistical area, building condition, and
sponsor experience. 

We grade each CM Loan on these factors when it
is presented to us, which results in a numerical figure that we then translate to a traditional AAA-BBB scale with + and gradation.
We publish our KDM Rating along with each note term sheet and offering memorandum and update it annually in our annual reviews in the
quarterly or annual report that corresponds with the anniversary of the CM Loan issuance. 

The KDM Loan Committee meets annually to review
the KDM Ratings System. We review the performance, the factors, and how well those factors are weighted. The KDM Loan Rating Committee
met on March 3, 2022 to review the KDM rating methodology. The methodology considers seven key criteria and is then subject to adjustment
on a deal-by-deal basis. The seven criteria are: LTV, DSCR, Property Type, Lease terms, Location, Building Condition and Sponsor Experience.
After our discussions, we decided to create a matrix driven by property type, add more property types, replace Lease Quality with Weighted
Average Lease Term WALT ), and research using a third-party single metric for location rating. We affirmed these criteria
in March 2023, though we adjusted some of the weights. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

THE CML ISSUANCE PROCESS 

Step One: Identify Loan Parameters 

KDM, through market research, identifies loan
parameters and related investor parameters that it expects will be of value to both borrowers and investors. It then uses its network
of mortgage brokers, real estate agents, and lending platforms to identify properties that potentially meet these parameters. The parameters
identified will include the loan type, expected interest rate, maturity, pre-payment terms, loan-to-value, minimum debt service coverage
ratio, and basic loan structure. 

Step Two: Identify and Screen Property 

The KDM origination team works to bring in leads
on new properties on which KDM can potentially lend. The team has a network of mortgage brokers, real estate agents, lending platforms,
as well as lead generation databases that it uses on a daily basis to identify potential loans. Once the team finds a potential property
it creates a deal scorecard that identifies critical preliminary underwriting information, including potential loan value-to-cost ratio,
debt service coverage of the proposed loan, sponsor experience, real estate comparison prices, last appraised value, and estimated current
value, along with information about the property and location, including city, neighborhood, number of units, and use of proceeds. 

Step Three: Create a Term Sheet 

KDM puts out a term sheet on the deal outlining the prospective terms
under which KDM will lend on the property. Once the borrower signs the term sheet and sends in their deposit, KDM orders third party reports
including the appraisal, appraisal review, and property condition report and environmental report, as applicable. 

Step Four: Complete Underwriting 

Once KDM receives back the third party reports and completes all of
its property and underwriting diligence, KDM prepares a commitment letter for the borrower. When the borrower executes the commitment
letter, it pays KDM an application fee. Simultaneously, KDM prepares any capital raise pitchdecks or other offering documents, depending
on the planned disposition for the loan. KDM will also have a third party underwrite the loan in certain circumstances. 

Step Five: Closing and funding the CML 

KDM may close and fund CMLs before securitization
either with its own funds, or on its warehouse line, or simultaneously with securitization. The process below describes a simultaneous
closing. 

MSN Closing 

KDM will schedule closing for the CML on or within
a few days after the settlement date of the MSN. However, as with all loan closings, and particularly with multi-state, multi-property
loans, at times there may be certain delays in closing. KDM does not expect closing delays to exceed a few business days, but in some
instances the delay may be longer than anticipated. On the Settlement Date, funds, net of selling concession, will be wired by the Initial
Purchaser or the underwriter, as the case may be, to KDM s segregated account for loan funding. KDM will wire such funds to the
closing agent for the CML as soon as good title to the property is received and KDM authorizes funding of the CML. Barring any delays
in closing, this occurs on the Settlement Date, and KDM wires funds to the title company handling the transaction as soon as practicable
after receipt. 

Once funds are collected, the CML will be finalized
with documents filed in the proper jurisdiction showing KDM as mortgagee. Documents will also be filed, pursuant to the Indenture, assuring
the Trustee a first perfected interest in the CML. At the same time, KDM will create and execute a physical note for issuance to Cede
 Company and delivery to DTC, or its agent. DTC will credit each participating dealer with the appropriate face amount of the
note for further credit to each of its participating client accounts. 

In the event that a CML was closed by a correspondent
lender, such CML will be closed in the name of the correspondent lender and will be assigned to KDM at closing. Any other material aspects
of the process remain the same. 

Warehouse or Balance Sheet Closing 

Depending on the plans for the CML post-closing, KDM may close the
loan on its warehouse line. The warehouse lender provides a percentage of the capital to close the loan, and KDM provides the balance,
according to the terms of its warehouse repurchase agreement. KDM may also lend money to CML Borrowers using its own capital. These loans
are junior to any CML and KDM may elect to sell or assign the rights to receive payments under these loans to a third party, provided
however that these notes shall remain in the name of KDM, and KDM shall continue providing the servicing of such notes until
such time that the CMLs for the underlying property have been paid in full. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

How KDM operates if KDM Acquires Existing CM Loans and Issues CM
Investments 

When KDM acquires an existing CM Loan or group
of loans and issues corresponding Notes, the Notes sale and CM Loan closing process are the same as for loans that we originate, except
that KDM will purchase the CM Loan from a third party. Information about the borrower of an existing loan may be more limited and appraisals
may be less current than for a loan originated by KDM. In such instances, an estimate of value from a local expert may be required to
supplement an existing appraisal. A history of CM Loan payments will be included in the offering memorandum for the notes to be issued
to purchase an existing CM Loan. 

CM Loans may also be acquired by purchasing a
participation in CM Loans from another lending institution. In these cases, the pricing of the participation and the net mark-up or down
of the CM Loan in the form of the corresponding Note will be fully described to CM Investors as well as a detailed description of the
financial institution selling the participation interest(s). 

How KDM Prices CM Loans and CM Investments 

Note maturities and yields to CM Investors must
be competitive with other options they have for secured investments. Notes are not guaranteed by any federal agency, so they must be competitively
priced when compared with other types of asset-secured debt, such as lower investment grade corporate bonds or other mortgage loans. Borrowers
may have other options for acquiring new mortgage funding. KDM must be competitive with these options in order to acquire new CM Loans.
The dynamic between these two marketplaces is a principal factor in the determination of the terms of KDM Notes and other CM Investments. 

How our Servicing Fee Applies 

KDM services the underlying CM Loans and manages
the distribution and payment of interest and principal on the corresponding CM Investments. For these services it charges an annual servicing
fee Servicing Fee targeted at 1.00 . The Servicing Fee could be lower or higher for a given CM Loan based on that CM Loan
and the corresponding CM Investment s terms, as disclosed in the offering material for each CM Investment. The Servicing Fee accrues
to KDM and is paid by the borrower from the borrower s CM Loan interest payments. For CM Investments where there is not an explicit
servicing agreement, the Servicing Fee is the difference between the rate paid by the borrower and the rate paid to investors on the CM
Investment. However, the Servicing Fee may sometimes be shared with other parties, and not accrue directly to KDM. The Servicing Fee is
applied to every interest payment received on the underlying CM Loan. Therefore, if we receive 7.00 interest annually from the underlying
CM Loan and the Servicing Fee is 1 , the Note payments will be 6.00 annually, barring any other expenses. For 2022, the average Servicing
Fee collected was 1.20 . 

CM Loan Servicing 

KDM is responsible for servicing and asset management on all
the loans it makes. This includes collecting payments from borrowers and delivering payments to investors and on its Notes. KDM also manages
the tax and insurance escrow accounts of the borrowers and their annual tax and insurance payments. KDM also handles all loan request,
lease reviews and approvals, draw requests and annual reviews within its asset management department. KDM has multi-disciplinary staff
with extensive servicing and asset management experience, and uses a suite of servicing software and homegrown reporting software to manage
the ongoing servicing of our book of CM Loans. Currently, KDM services 100 of its loans itself; though we may engage a third-party servicer
in the future. 

KDM makes advances of funds from time-to-time as it believes necessary.
KDM may advance payments to CM Investors if it believes a borrower will return to current status promptly. KDM also may advance payments
to local tax authorities and insurance carriers as it believes necessary to protect the CM Loan or underlying collateral. 

KDM has custodial responsibility for the CM Loans
and pursuant to the Trust Indenture for the Notes. There are no limitations in KDM s liability as servicer of its loans. 

KDM retains a Servicing Fee for each CM Loan.
See How our Servicing Fee Applies, above. KDM has relationships with other servicers and uses SitusAMC for special servicing,
as needed. Should a specific backup or special servicer be named for an offering, it will be specified in the offering documents for that
CM Investment, 

CM Loan payments are deposited or transmitted
via ACH to the KDM In Trust For 2 Segregated Account. This segregated account collects payments from all CM Loans, except where otherwise
specified in the offering documents, and is segregated from the KDM operating funds. This account is managed as an omnibus account and
funds received are disbursed for their respective payment on the CM Investments. We also debit this account for our Servicing Fee as described
above. 

CM Loans may also retain an impound or escrow amount for taxes and
insurance and a replacement reserve for roof repairs, tenant improvements, leasing commissions, debt service, or other items necessary
to the proper functioning of the property. Such escrowed funds are currently in the KDM In Trust For 1 Segregated account. In most cases,
KDM reserves the right as servicer to release any impounded amounts or reserved where permitted by the loan documents or when in its reasonable
business judgement, such releases are warranted as they do not impair the borrower s ability to repay the CM Loan. 

In the event it becomes necessary to expend funds for the collection
or protection of a CM Loan, or for the preservation or protection of a CM Loan property, including the institution of foreclosure proceedings,
such expenses will initially be covered by KDM and recouped at disposition of the property or upon repayment by the Borrower should the
CM Loan be brought into compliance. Ultimately, all costs and expenses will be funded (or reimbursed to us) from the proceeds of any foreclosure
or settlement, including reimbursement to us of any expenses we have disbursed toward collection of a CM Loan. These expenses may reduce
interest or principal payments on a Note. See Risk Factors. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

On our website www.korthdirect.com, we disclose borrowers payment
performance on our CM Loans at least annually. We have made arrangements for collection procedures in the event of borrower default. When
a CM Loan is past due and payment has not been received, we contact the borrower to request payment. After a grace period as permitted
under the applicable CM Loan agreements, we may, in our discretion, assess a late payment fee. This fee may be charged only once per late
payment. Amounts equal to any late payment fees we receive are paid to holders of the CM Investment if and only if a payment on the CM
Investment is also late. We may waive a late payment fee when a borrower promises to return a delinquent CM Loan to current status and
fulfills that promise. Each time a payment request is denied due to insufficient funds in the borrower s account or for any other
reason, we may assess an unsuccessful payment fee to the borrower in an amount of 35.00 per unsuccessful payment, or such lesser amount
as may be provided by applicable law. We retain 100 of this unsuccessful payment fee to cover our costs incurred due to the denial of
the payment. 

If the CM Loan becomes 31 days overdue (see Certain
Definitions, below), we will identify the CM Loan as Late (31-120), and we may refer the CM Loan to a real estate
attorney for foreclosure proceedings. However, we may pursue other remedies to bring the loan back to performance before foreclosure.
In these cases, the interest rate on the CM Loan is increased to the highest legal rate in the state in which the property is located.
The costs from a foreclosure and resale of a defaulted CM Loan and mortgaged property are applied against the proceeds payable to CM Investors.
If funds remain after a property is resold and all expenses are paid, they will be distributed to CM Investors on a pro-rata basis. 

Certain Definitions 

We define delinquent accounts as accounts that are more than
31 days overdue with no immediate plan to repair the delinquency. Charge offs are defined as the unpaid principal balance of a specific
CM Loan minus the expected recovery based on current market conditions for the foreclosed property. Uncollectable accounts are
defined as those CM Loans where no recovery is expected to be made. These definitions are regardless of any grace period, re-aging, restructure,
or partial payments received. A CM Loan that is categorized as a delinquent account could be re-categorized as current if the borrower
brought all payments up to date. Charge-offs would be adjusted for properties in foreclosure based on an annual review of the current
market conditions for the geography of the property. Uncollectible accounts will be reviewed quarterly and could be reclassified
as collectible if market conditions change for the property subject to the mortgage and foreclosure. As of the date of this Report
on Form 10-K, we have no CM Loans that are payment delinquent. See Status of our CM Loans . 

Intellectual Property 

We have intellectual property that is our brand, our process, our ratings
system, our KDM Broker Network, our correspondent network, and our internal applications and systems. We have applied for a trademark
for the term Middle-Money and Surety of Execution . The granting of these marks are subject to final approval by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report, we employ twenty-six
full-time people, and 7 part time and contract people. 

Facilities 

We maintain offices at 135 San Lorenzo Avenue, Suite 600, Coral
Gables, Florida 33146, and J.W. Korth Company has an office in Lansing, Michigan. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Subsidiaries 

As of the date of this report, KDM has three subsidiaries. J. W. Korth,
a FINRA and SEC registered broker-dealer founded in 1982 by James W. Korth, our CEO. J. W. Korth was previously the parent company of
KDM. The companies were reorganized as of July 31, 2020, when KDM, directly and indirectly, acquired all of the equity of J. W. Korth. 

KDM Funding I, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary
of KDM formed for the purpose of issuing MSNs on CM Loans that are originated and serviced by KDM. 

KDM owns a controlling interest in KDM Stafford LLC, which is a special
purpose entity that owns a building we acquired in Virginia. 

All of these entities are consolidated into our financial statements. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The following discussion of risk factors contains
 forward-looking statements, as discussed in the forward-looking statements Section of this Form 10-K Report. These risk
factors may be important to understanding any statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following information should
be read in conjunction with the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section and
the Financial Statements and related notes of this Report on Form 10-K. Any of these factors, or others, many of which are beyond the
Company s control, could negatively affect the Company s revenues, profitability or cash flows in the future. These factors
include: 

CM Investors may lose some or all of their CM Investment . 

 The regular payment of a CM Investment depends entirely on payments
to KDM of a borrower s CM Loan. The Notes are special, limited obligations of KDM payable only from KDM s receipts of CM Loan
proceeds, net of KDM s Servicing Fee and cost of collection. If a borrower defaults on the CM Loan, CM Investors will be dependent
on proceeds from the Assignment of Rents held by KDM and on the proceeds if any, from foreclosure of the CM Loan mortgage for payments
on the Notes. The failure of the borrower to repay the CM Loan is not an event of default by KDM. Notes are suitable purchases only for
investors of adequate financial means who, in the event of a default on the underlying CM Loan, may have to wait for a foreclosure to
recover some or all of the principal invested in their Note. 

We rely on third-party appraisals to value
the property securing the CM Loan, and information from the borrower on cash flow and profitability of the income property. 

 While we make every effort to engage responsible
licensed third-party appraisers, we cannot be certain that the information and presentations they make are reliable. Appraisals are subject
to mistakes that could affect the value of a property. Further, appraisers may make judgments of value based on cash flow presented by
borrowers. If a borrower were to falsify its cash flow, it could affect the value shown in the appraisal. To verify cash flows, we receive
bank statements from borrowers. KDM is not responsible for mistakes or fraudulent activities of borrowers or appraisers. 

We rely on industry default and recovery rates for underwriting
our CM Loans. Our default rates are untested against industry rates and may be higher . 

 Due to our limited operational and origination
history, we do not have significant historical performance data regarding borrower performance and we do not yet know what our long-term
CM Loan loss experience may be. It is possible that our default rates may be higher than the industry averages and our recovery rates
may be lower than the industry averages. 

If we believe it is in the best interest
of the CM Investors, we have the right to adjust the terms of a CM Loan. 

 It is possible that due to natural disasters,
local disruption of services, political unrest, changes in local laws, market competition or disruptions and other unforeseen events that
affect the property pledged under a CM Loan or affect the borrower s ability to make its CM Loan payments, it might be in the best
interest of the CM Investors to provide a borrower with an accommodation regarding loan terms rather than be forced to foreclose on a
loan. If we adjust a CM Loan, it may reduce interest payments, suspend interest payments, lengthen the time when principal may be received
or change other terms of the CM Loan which could reduce the expected benefits of the CM Loan to the CM Investors. 

There may be a default on a CM Loan. 

 CM Loan default rates may be significantly affected
by general economic conditions beyond our control and beyond the control of the individual borrower. Default on a CM Loan is subject to
many factors, such as prevailing interest rates, the rate of unemployment, the level of consumer confidence, residential or commercial
real estate values, the value of the U.S. dollar, energy prices, changes in consumer spending, the number of personal bankruptcies, disruptions
in the credit markets, and other factors, none of which can be predicted with certainty. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Information supplied by the borrower could
be inaccurate or intentionally false. 

 While we perform due diligence on each borrower,
including verifying property ownership, rent collections, property values, coverage ratios and other appropriate due diligence materials,
a borrower could present us with false information which we may not discover during our due diligence process. 

In many cases, we do not monitor our borrowers 
use of funds. 

 Unless specified otherwise, KDM does not monitor
borrowers use of funds. It is possible the borrower may not use the funds for the purposes it has asserted, for example, to improve
the property. Additionally, the borrower could potentially misuse the proceeds it receives from the loan in a way that negatively impacts
their ability to make timely payments on the CM Loan, their credit, or the value of the underlying property. 

CM Loan Guarantees May Not Be Collectable 

 Some CM Loans may have a personal guarantee. We
may ask for guarantees from the owners, or the owners of the owner, if the owner is not an individual. Because we primarily focus our
underwriting on the value of the mortgaged property, the loan to value ratio, and the debt service coverage ratio, we generally do not
investigate the net worth of the borrowers, and therefore, the ultimate value of the guarantee on a CM Loan, if any. In the event a CM
Loan goes into foreclosure and the money realized in the foreclosure does not pay off the entire principal owed on the CM Loan, investors
should not count on the guarantee being collectible. Should such a situation arise, investors may not see repayment of the entire principal
amount of their Notes. 

If payments on a CM are not paid when due,
CM Investors may not receive the full principal and interest payments that they expect to receive on Notes . 

 Payment to holders of Notes is completely dependent
on payments received from corresponding CM Loans. If the borrower fails to make a required payment on a CM Loan within 30 days of a due
date, we will pursue collection. If we refer a CM Loan to an attorney, we will monitor that CM Loan until either the CM Loan is paid or
the property is foreclosed and resold and investors are paid. We may also pursue collection of a delinquent CM Loan directly. In the case
of collection efforts, the cost of attorney s fees will be charged against the CM Loan and will reduce the net payments on a Note. 

The CM Loans underlying the Notes are typically
payable on an interest-only basis until maturity, at which time the entire principal balance is due. Therefore, borrowers may have to
refinance to pay off a balloon payment on the CM Loan. 

 If a borrower must refinance to pay off a CM Loan,
such refinancing could be impossible due to market conditions or other factors. In such a case, the CM Loan would default. Such a default
could reduce or eliminate principal payment of the Notes. 

The borrower may prepay some or all of the principal
amount of a CM Loan. A borrower may decide to prepay all, or a portion of, the remaining principal at any time. Notwithstanding the prepayment
of all or a portion of the CM Loan, the borrower must pay all of the interest that would be due on the principal amount of the CM Loan
until the expiration of borrower s interest guarantee, typically a guarantee of from two to three years interest. CM Investors will
receive such prepayment net of our servicing fee. Interest will not accrue after the date on which the CM Loan is paid in full. If the
borrower prepays a portion of the remaining unpaid principal balance on the CM Loan, we will reduce the outstanding principal amount and
interest will cease to accrue on the prepaid portion. On an amortizing loan, we will require the borrower to pay the same amount on the
CM Loan as the borrower paid prior to any partial repayment of principal. As a result of the combination of the reduced principal amount
and the unchanged monthly payment, the effective term of the CM Loan will decrease. On an interest only CM Loan, the monthly payment CM
Investors receive will be reduced proportionally by the amount of principal repaid. If the borrower prepays the CM Loan in full or in
part, CM Investors will in all probability not receive all the interest payments that they expected to receive on their Notes. 

The current interest rate environment may
make it difficult for a CM Loan to refinance. 

Sharp increases in prevailing interest rates may make it difficult
or in some cases, not possible, for some CM Loan borrowers to refinance out of the CM Loan. Sharp increases in prevailing interest rates
and or inflationary pressures may negatively impact the profitability of the collateral secured by the CM Loans, causing some assets to
lose their ability to be cash flow positive or maintain the debt service covenants of lenders at the time they need to refinance. Accordingly
such changes may make it difficult, or in some cases, not possible for some CM Loan Borrowers to refinance a CM Loan at maturity, affecting
the CM Loan Investors ability to realize a return of their principal and or interest payments. 

Prevailing interest rates may change during
the term of the CM Loan on which a Note is dependent. 

 If a CM Loan is prepaid, CM Investors may be unable to invest prepaid
Note proceeds at a rate comparable to the interest payable on the Notes. Further, for our MSNs, if interest rates rise and there is a
market for the Notes, and a Noteholder decides to sell a Note prior to maturity, the Noteholder may receive a discounted return on the
Note. 

Investor funds in a KDM segregated account
do not earn interest. 

 Proceeds of the sale of the Notes are held in a non-interest
bearing segregated account pending completion of the Note Offering. Further, we place borrower loan payments in a segregated account under
our control and pay all loan payments collected from the prior payment date at least four business days prior to the payment date on the
twenty-fifth day of each month, with an extension to the next business day if required. Funds held in segregated accounts do not earn
interest. These segregated accounts are held at BankUnited, RBC, or Chase and are managed by KDM. There is no escrow agreement with the
bank. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

We may have to limit our business to
avoid being deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

 In general, a company
that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities may be deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Investment Company Act ). The Investment
Company Act contains substantive legal requirements that regulate the manner in which investment companies are permitted
to conduct their business activities. We believe we are excluded from registration by Section 3(c)(5)(c) of the Investment Company Act
and have conducted, and we intend to continue to conduct, our business in a manner that does not result in our company being characterized
as an investment company. This section of the Investment Company Act contains an exemption for companies that make mortgages and do not
issue redeemable shares. To avoid being deemed an investment company, we may not be able to broaden our offerings, which could require
us to forego attractive opportunities. If we are ever deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required
to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Funds Received for all CM Loans are commingled in a Segregated
Account. 

 We hold all funds received from CM Loans in a
segregated account titled In-Trust For 2 at BankUnited bank. We then use our internal accounting system to determine which funds are applied
to which Note investors. While our internal accounting system is backed up into separate record keeping systems managed by service providers,
should our systems fail and the back-up systems fail for any reason, we may have difficulty determining which payments are to be applied
to which Noteholder and your payments could be delayed until such a determination is made. 

In the event of a KDM bankruptcy, general creditors
of KDM may assert a claim that funds on deposit in the segregated account maintained by KDM for the benefit of CM Investors, and the separate
segregated account maintained by KDM for real estate tax and insurance payments, are subject to the claims of general creditors. Principal
and interest payments on CM Loans are deposited in a segregated bank account, and payments of real estate taxes and insurance on mortgaged
properties are deposited in another segregated account, when and as received by KDM. Receipts deposited in those accounts are disbursed
to CM Investors monthly and annually to property insurers and taxing authorities. KDM performs all accounting for these accounts, including
sub-accounts for each CM Investment and property, and maintains all accounting records at its principal office. Under the Trust Indenture
for the MSNs, the Trustee will have a first lien on the principal and interest account for the benefit of Noteholders. If the bankruptcy
court were to determine that the funds in the account were subject to claims of creditors other than Noteholders or the Trustee acting
on their behalf, the amount that Noteholders would receive from the account could be adversely affected. Further, amounts on deposit to
pay real estate taxes and insurance could be reduced or entirely eliminated if paid to general creditors of KDM in the bankruptcy proceeding.
The bankruptcy court could temporarily stay disbursements to CM Investors, taxing authorities and insurers even if the court were ultimately
to determine that the funds in the account should be distributed to the CM Investors, the Trustee acting on their behalf, and, also, as
appropriate, to taxing authorities and property insurers, resulting in delays to CM Investors in the receipt of payments on their Notes
and penalties imposed by insurers and taxing authorities. 

We rely on third-party banks to disburse
CM Loan proceeds and process CM Loan payments, and we rely on third-party computer hardware and software. If we are unable to continue
utilizing these services, our business and ability to service the CM Loans may be adversely affected. 

 We rely on a third-party bank to disburse CM Loan
amounts. Additionally, because we are not a bank, we cannot belong to and directly access the ACH payment network, and we must rely on
an FDIC-insured depository institution to process our transactions, including CM Loan payments and remittances to CM Investors. We also
rely on computer hardware purchased and software licensed from third parties. This purchased or licensed hardware and software may not
continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot continue to obtain such services from this institution
or elsewhere, or if we cannot transition to another processor quickly, our ability to process payments will suffer and your ability to
receive principal and interest payments on the Notes will be delayed or impaired. 

Competition for our employees is intense, and we may not
be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees that we need to support our business. 

 Competition for highly skilled technical and financial personnel
is intense. We may not be able to hire and retain personnel at compensation levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary
structure. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees have greater resources than we have and may be able to
offer more attractive terms of employment. 

In addition, we invest significant time and expense
in training our employees, which increases their value to competitors that may seek to recruit them. If we fail to retain our employees,
we could incur significant expenses in hiring and training their replacements and the quality of our services and our ability to service
the CM Loans could diminish, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to service the Notes. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

If we fail to retain our key personnel,
we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth and our business could suffer. 

 Our future depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain
key personnel. Our future also depends on the continued contributions of our executive officers and other key technical personnel, each
of whom would be difficult to replace. The loss of the services of any of the executive officers or key personnel, and the process to
replace any key personnel would involve significant time and expense and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business
objectives. 

Purchasers of CM Investments will have no
control over KDM and will not be able to influence KDM corporate matters. 

 Our CM Investments grant no equity interest in
KDM to the purchaser nor grant the purchaser the ability to vote on or influence our management decisions, including forbearance or foreclosure. 

Unforeseeable Adverse Events . 

 Events beyond our control may damage our ability
to maintain adequate records, or perform our servicing obligations. If such events result in a system failure, CM Investors ability
to receive principal and interest payments on CM Investments could be substantially harmed. 

If a catastrophic event resulted in an outage
and physical data loss, our ability to perform our servicing obligations would be materially and adversely affected. Such events include,
but are not limited to, fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, computer viruses and telecommunications
failures. We store back-up records via cloud storage services via several different companies. If our electronic data storage and backup
storage system are affected by such events, we cannot guarantee that CM Investors would be able to recoup their investment. 

Federal and State regulatory bodies may
create new rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business. 

 In the wake of the last financial crisis, banking
and finance regulation continues to evolve, and increasing regulation by federal and state governments may become more likely. Our business
could be negatively affected by the application of existing laws and regulations or the enactment of new laws applicable to lending, mortgages,
mortgage servicing, or securities distribution. The cost to comply with such laws or regulations could be significant and would increase
our operating expenses, and we may be unable to pass along those costs to our investors in the form of increased fees. 

If we discover a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting which we are unable to remedy, or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected. 

 Should we or our auditors discover a material
weakness in our internal controls, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected. 

New Government Regulation may limit our
ability to make CM Loans 

 We do not believe that we are subject to Risk
Retention under RR (17 CFR 246), as our entity type is not within scope of the rule according to 12 CFR 244.1(c). However, if we become
subject to risk retention rules, we could be required to raise significant capital in order to continue doing business. 

Our Proprietary Ratings System is untested
and is based on broad assumptions for which we have little statistical basis 

 We created the KDM Ratings System internally,
and based it on very broad assumptions and experience of staff members. Our staff members have no experience in creating a ratings system.
We are not affiliated with nor do we have experience in creating ratings of debt or mortgage securities. The Rating System has a short
track record and has not been tested against any known data set. The Rating System is still evolving, and we add items as we add property
types. It should not be relied upon as a predictable measure of performance of the underlying CM Loan at this time. We also have conflicts
of interest with respect to our Ratings System. See Conflicts of Interest Regarding Our Proprietary Ratings System. 

Risks Related to the Banking System and
Financial Markets 

 KDM depends on the functioning of the U.S. banking system and bond
markets to raise the capital needed to fund CM Loans which are the core of its business. Should the banking system or bond markets enter
into a prolonged downturn or suffer a crisis of confidence, KDM s ability to raise money to originate new CM Loans may be adversely
impacted, causing it to reduce the number of loans it originates. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

In November 2022, we acquired a majority interest in a property
in Stafford, Virginia. The property is tenanted by third parties. We lease office space in Coral Gables, Florida, and through our subsidiary,
J. W. Korth, in Lansing, Michigan. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The Company is not subject to any material legal
proceedings. The company may at times be involved in legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business
not specifically discussed herein. In the opinion of management, the final disposition of such matters will not have a material adverse
effect on our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

There is no market for the Company s common equity. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued
and outstanding (i) 5,000,000 shares of its common stock, all which were issued to J.W. Korth, (ii) 300,000 shares of its Series A 6 
Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred ), all of which were issued to Cede Company,
and (iii) 19,000 shares of its Series B 6.50 Cumulative Non-Voting Redeemable Secured Preferred Stock Series B Preferred issued to Cede Company. The number of holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial
owners of common or preferred stock whose shares are held in the names of Cede Company, broker-dealers, or registered clearing agencies.
The transfer agent of our common stock and preferred stock is Continental Transfer and Trust Company, One State Street, New York, New
York 10004. 

Dividends 

The Company has not paid, and has no plans to
pay, dividends on its common stock. Holders of the Series A Preferred are entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by the Board
of Directors, cash dividends at a rate of 6.00 per annum based on the Series A Preferred liquidation preference of 25.00 per share.
Holders of the Company s 300,000 issued shares of Series A Preferred were paid a dividend totaling 1.50 per share over four quarterly
payments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Holders of the Series B Preferred are entitled to receive, when, as,
and if declared by the Board of Directors, cash dividends at a rate of 6.50 per annum based on the Series B liquidation preference of
 1,000.00 per share. These holders received dividends of 67.89 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

For information regarding securities authorized
for issuance under our 2019 Stock Plan, please refer to the disclosure included below under the caption Item 11. Executive Compensation Equity
Compensation Plan Information. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On June 29, 2021, KDM issued and sold 19,000 shares of its Series B
Preferred to qualified institutional buyers, as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), under exemptions from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Securities Act Rule 144A, 

On September 15, 2021 and June 28, 2022, KDM issued and sold 100,000 and 480,000
shares, respectively of its Series A Preferred to qualified institutional buyers under exemptions from registration provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Securities Act Rule 144A, 

Purchases of Equity Securities. 

On August 11, 2022, the KDM s Board of Directors authorized the
repurchase of 480,000 shares of the Company's Series A 6.00 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value for 25.25
per share. These shares were repurchased from an institutional investor who had acquired them from KDM in June of 2022 at a price of 24.75
per share. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You should read the following discussion in conjunction with
our audited historical financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains statements that are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations
and assumptions, which are subject to risk, uncertainties and other factors, including, but not limited to, those described in the subsection
titled Risk Factors, located in Part I, Item 1A, of this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

KDM was organized as a Florida limited liability
company on July 24, 2009, under the name HCMK Consulting, LLC. We changed our name to J. W. Korth Company, LLC, in November 2010,
and then to Korth Direct Mortgage, LLC, on August 24, 2016. KDM converted into a Florida corporation, Korth Direct Mortgage Inc., on June
6, 2019. Our principal executive offices are located at 135 San Lorenzo Avenue Suite 600, Coral Gables, Florida 33146, and our telephone
number is (305) 668-8485. Our website address is www.korthdirect.com. We also operate under the trade name KDM Financial, as well as via
our subsidiary, J. W. Korth Company Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 

Korth Direct Mortgage began its formal operations
in October of 2016 when we engaged our Chief Lending Officer. KDM is a licensed Mortgage Lender Servicer with the State of Florida. Our
NMLS License Number is 1579547. 

We were wholly owned by J. W. Korth until July
31, 2020, when we acquired all of the equity of J.W. Korth. 

We originate, fund and service loans which are
made to commercial borrowers. The loans are held by KDM as the lender. We fund our loans in a variety of ways, including selling loan
participations, via a warehouse line, and directly in the capital markets through issuance of Mortgage Secured Notes MSNs 
or Notes ), which are sold through J.W. Korth as initial purchaser through exemptions from registration available under Rule
144A, Regulation D, and other exemptions from registration. We may also issue loans using KDM s own assets, in which case these
loans will be junior to the CM Loans where they are secured by the same property. 

Results of Operations for Year Ended December
31, 2022 

The Company generated revenues of 9,862,033 for
the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 2,441,270 compared with revenues of 7,420,763 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in revenues generated from origination fees, servicing revenue, and interest income was due to an increase of 121 million
in mortgages owned and serviced from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned mortgages of
 447,407,141 compared with mortgages of 326,312,345 as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 37 . 

Total Revenue increased by 33 year over year,
from 7,420,763 in 2021 to 9,862,033 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This growth was due to a 98 increase in servicing revenue
year over year, to 5,865,969 in 2022 and 36 increase in origination revenue, to 1,439,675 for the year. Of this revenue, 876,475 is
for Underwriting Income, which, KDM earns at the sale of its Notes via its subsidiary, J. W. Korth. KDM also earned 720,972 from J. W.
Korth s sales and trading. 

Gross profits increased by 1,375,878 (25 to 6,789,934 during
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with gross profits of 5,414,056 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross
profits is due to a larger servicing portfolio. 

Operating expenses were 6,048,185 during the year ended December
31, 2022, an increase of 722,904 compared with operating expenses of 5,325,281 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
in operating expenses was the result of an increase of 410,829 in payroll related costs incurred as we expanded the team. Further expense
growth included 230,800 in advertising expense a to support the growth of our overall business. 

Other income decreased by 1,664,940 to 4,131,772 during the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared with other income of 5,796,712 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in other
income was due to the interest expense of 1,344,907 and a loss of 564,300 due to the sale of MSNs that were held on our balance sheet
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded 1,287,040 in deferred income tax expense compared with 1,458,722 of deferred income tax expense for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Net income decreased 1,078,927 to 3,347,838 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared with net income of 4,426,765 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in 2022 was
primarily attributed to the decrease in Other Income of 1,664,940. The Other Income category is dominated by the Unrealized Gain on
Mortgages, which is the net present value of the future income expected from its CMLs. The Company s earnings per share for
the years outstanding December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.32 and 0.70 on a fully-diluted basis. 

The rapidly rising rate environment in 2022 slowed
growth, especially in the last quarter of the year. Although the financial markets continue to be turbulent, we are sanguine about our
future growth potential. We spent this year improving our systems and support staff and have built a strong operations and origination
team. We also continue to diversify our CM Investment options for our investors. 

Financial Condition for the year ended December
31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 7,776,789 in cash, 3,886,658
in portfolio loans and securities, as well as 447,407,141 of securitized loans at fair value. Total KDM originations stood at 511,431,250
at year end 2022, with 64,024,109 paid off or otherwise disposed and 447,407,141 total remaining. We have recognized an unrealized gain
of 3,627,472, which is the net present value of the future servicing income we receive from loans made to date. This value is highly
subjective and includes such variables as constant prepayment rate (CPR), discount rate, and market pricing data. This value is calculated
quarterly. The current value was provided by a third-party consulting firm and uses 15.0 for the discount rate and includes a 7.64 CPR,
along with other assumptions customary to the industry. 

Capital and Liquidity Needs 

The Company completed the sales of 19,000,000 in Series B Preferred
stock in June 2021 and an additional 2,500,000 of our Series A Preferred stock on September 15, 2021. 

On March
31, 2022, The Company entered into a Master Repurchase Agreement and Securities Contract (the Agreement with Signature Bank Signature ), for the provision of an uncommitted
warehouse facility up to 100,000,000 (the Line ). The Agreement provides
for approximately a three-year term and may be terminated in accordance therein. 

On March 11, 2023, KDM s
warehouse lender Signature was placed into receivership by the FDIC. KDM has been advised that the warehouse line was acquired by New
York Community Bancorp s Flagstar Bank division and that the line is still open. 

In June of 2022, the Company
issued 480,000 shares of the Company's Series A 6.00 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, to an institutional investor at
a per share price of 24.75. The Company repurchased the shares on August 11, 2022. 

We may access the capital markets or private credit as we deem
necessary for our business in forms that will comply with covenants of our trust indentures, and allow us the flexibility to continue
to grow our business. 

Status of our CM Loans 

All of our CM Loans are currently paying as agreed. We report annually
at the anniversary of the CM Loan as well as on an interim basis, as needed regarding the loan s status. Annual reviews and other
updates are available on our website, korthdirect.com. 

CM Loans may from time to time be in a state of
technical default. Such defaults arise out of a breach of one or more covenants or obligations of the loan, other than those for the repayment
of principal or interest. KDM as the Servicer may elect to trigger default conditions where it feels that the underlying loan agreements
provide for such default and that the triggering of default remedies is in the best interest of protecting the value of the underlying
collateral and the repayment of the loan. Where KDM believes that a technical default would create a material risk to the CM Investors,
KDM will provide notice to the CM Investors of the same. 

We currently have one CM Loan in default. The loan and MSN,
are paying as agreed and we are working with the borrower to cure the default. We believe the loan will be brought back into compliance.
During 2022 we had one CM Loan that was delinquent on its payments. KDM continued to make payments on the MSN and has since sold the defaulted
CM Loan. 

Real Estate 

In November 2022, KDM acquired a majority interest in a specialty office
building in Stafford, Virginia after the borrower defaulted on its second lien mortgage. The first lien mortgage is in KDM2021-N011 and
the property continues to cash flow the first lien. KDM is planning a specialty buildout of the third floor for a new tenant and then
expects to sell the property. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Map of Current Loans 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Loan Information as of March 31, 2023 

Number 
 
 #
 of Buildings 
 
 Ticker 
 
 Property 
 
 Property
 Type 
 
 EJ
 Rating 
 
 Issue
 Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Status 
 
 Original
 Balance 

Original
 Appraisal 

Original
 LTV 
 
 Appraisal
 Date 
 
 Current
 Balance 

1 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2017-N001 
 
 4771 78th Avenue, LLC, and 14120 Palm Street 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 A+ 
 
 4/20/2017 
 
 5/1/2027 
 
 Matured Paid-in-Full 

1,059,000 

1,920,000 

55.16 
 
 3/2017 

- 

2 
 
 3 
 
 KDM2017-N002 
 
 8400 Grand Canal Drive, 445 SW 78th Place, 7992 SW 4th St Miami, FL 33144 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 A 
 
 12/21/2017 
 
 12/21/2020 
 
 Matured Paid-in-Full 

950,000 

1,605,000 

59.19 
 
 3/2018 

- 

3 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2018-N001 
 
 345 NE 80 St, Miami, FL 33138 
 
 Warehouse 
 
 A- 
 
 10/11/2018 
 
 3/13/2023 
 
 Paid-in-Full 

1,850,000 

2,775,000 

66.7 
 
 2/2018 

- 

4 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2018-N002 
 
 113 NE Madison Circle, St Petersburg, FL 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 NR 
 
 2/14/2018 
 
 2/14/2021 
 
 Matured Paid-in-Full 

341,250 

570,000 

59.9 
 
 12/2017 

- 

5 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2018-N003 
 
 29180 Glenwood Road, Perrysburg, OH 43551 
 
 Warehouse 
 
 A+ 
 
 4/27/2018 
 
 5/25/2023 
 
 Paid-in-Full 

6,300,000 

10,500,000 

60.0 
 
 1/18/2018 

- 

6 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2018-N005 
 
 1769 East Broadway Street, Northwood, Wood County, Ohio 43619 
 
 Warehouse 
 
 A+ 
 
 9/25/2018 
 
 9/25/2023 
 
 Performing 

2,700,000 

4,155,000 

64.98 
 
 6/2018 

2,700,000 

7 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2018-N007 
 
 Eastover, The Ridge, Van Guard Apartments, Vicksburg, MS 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 A 
 
 1/15/2019 
 
 1/15/2024 
 
 Performing 

4,850,000 

8,100,000 

59.9 
 
 12/2018 

4,850,000 

8 
 
 3 
 
 KDM2019-N001 
 
 897 12th St, 6727 Delilah Road, 1111 Reading Ave, 392 N White Horse Pike 
 
 Office 
 
 A- 
 
 3/22/2019 
 
 3/22/2022 
 
 Paid-in-Full 

9,690,000 

14,250,000 

68.00 
 
 2/2019 

- 

9 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2019-N002 
 
 Warrior Apartments and Summer Rise Apartments 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 A- 
 
 5/3/2019 
 
 5/3/2024 
 
 Paid-in-Full 

4,400,000 

6,875,000 

64.0 
 
 4/2019 

- 

10 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2019-N003 
 
 Springs Global SC and PA 
 
 Industrial 
 
 BBB+ 
 
 7/31/2019 
 
 8/25/2024 
 
 Paid-in-Full 

9,700,000 

14,220,000 

68.2 
 
 6/2019 

- 

11 
 
 3 
 
 KDM2019-N004 
 
 Masco Springs - OH, OK, GA 
 
 Industrial 
 
 A- 
 
 10/10/2019 
 
 11/25/2024 
 
 Performing 

37,000,000 

56,960,000 

65.0 
 
 9/2019 

32,929,282 

12 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2019-N005 
 
 8617-8625 Central Ave, Capitol Heights, MD 
 
 Industrial 
 
 A- 
 
 9/30/2019 
 
 10/25/2024 
 
 Performing 

4,200,000 

9,360,000 

44.87 
 
 9/2019 

4,200,000 

13 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2019-N008 
 
 Buckeye Plaza 11301-11501 Buckeye Road, Cleveland, Ohio 44104 
 
 Retail 
 
 A- 
 
 12/18/2019 
 
 12/18/2024 
 
 Performing 

3,300,000 

9,850,000 

33.5 
 
 11/2019 

3,300,000 

14 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2020-N001 
 
 1108 Horner Road, Woodbridge, VA 22191 
 
 Industrial 
 
 A- 
 
 2/27/2020 
 
 3/25/2025 
 
 Performing 

5,000,000 

9,240,000 

54.11 
 
 11/2019 

5,000,000 

15 
 
 8 
 
 KDM2020-N002 
 
 8 Addresses in Cleveland, OH 
 
 Office 
 
 A- 
 
 3/31/2020 
 
 5/25/2025 
 
 Paid-in-Full 

8,500,000 

23,000,000 

37.0 
 
 10/2019 

- 

16 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2020-N003 
 
 Carrollton, GA 
 
 Data Center 
 
 A- 
 
 4/23/2020 
 
 4/23/2025 
 
 Performing 

4,000,000 

7,100,000 

56.34 
 
 3/2020 

4,000,000 

17 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2020-N007 
 
 Stuart, FL 
 
 Office 
 
 A- 
 
 7/27/2020 
 
 8/25/2025 
 
 Performing 

1,650,000 

2,600,000 

63.5 
 
 3/2020 

1,650,000 

18 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2020-N006 
 
 Water's Edge, Trenton, NJ 
 
 Skilled Nursing Facility 
 
 A+ 
 
 7/31/2020 
 
 8/25/2025 
 
 Performing 

9,500,000 

19,500,000 

48.72 
 
 5/2020 

9,500,000 

19 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2020-N009 
 
 La Grange, IL 
 
 Industrial 
 
 A- 
 
 9/17/2020 
 
 10/25/2025 
 
 Performing 

2,308,000 

3,550,000 

65.0 
 
 7/2020 

2,308,000 

20 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2020-N008 
 
 Loves Park, IL 
 
 Industrial 
 
 A- 
 
 9/25/2020 
 
 10/25/2023 
 
 Performing 

7,765,000 

13,170,000 

58.96 
 
 9/2020 

7,765,000 

21 
 
 3 
 
 KDM2020-N010 
 
 Multifamily in AL, NY, FL 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 A- 
 
 9/30/2020 
 
 10/25/2025 
 
 Performing 

8,684,000 

13,660,000 

63.6 
 
 8/2020 

1,176,500 

22 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2020-N012 
 
 Hampton, VA 
 
 Office 
 
 A 
 
 10/30/2020 
 
 11/25/2025 
 
 Performing 

44,000,000 

74,900,000 

58.74 
 
 10/2020 

44,000,000 

23 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2020-N011 
 
 Stamford, CT 
 
 Office 
 
 A- 
 
 1/8/2021 
 
 2/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

12,000,000 

19,100,000 

62.8 
 
 8/27/2020 

12,000,000 

24 
 
 3 
 
 KDM2021-N001 
 
 NJ, CA, TX 
 
 Mixed-use 
 
 A- 
 
 2/12/2021 
 
 3/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

9,062,000 

14,910,000 

60.78 
 
 11/20,12/20, and 1/21 

9,062,000 

25 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2021-N002 
 
 Bellingham, WA 
 
 Office 
 
 BBB+ 
 
 3/18/2021 
 
 4/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

7,240,000 

12,090,000 

59.9 
 
 01/2021 

7,240,000 

26 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2021-N004 
 
 Ronkonkoma, NY 
 
 Warehouse 
 
 BBB/BBB+ 
 
 3/31/2021 
 
 4/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

2,179,000 

3,800,000 

57.3 
 
 01/2021 

2,179,000 

27 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2021-N005 
 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 
 Industrial 
 
 A-/A 
 
 4/23/2021 
 
 5/25/2024 
 
 Performing 

35,100,000 

61,200,000 

57.4 
 
 03/2021 

35,100,000 

28 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2021-N006 
 
 FL and SC 
 
 Office 
 
 A-/A 
 
 4/30/2021 
 
 5/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

4,380,000 

8,080,000 

54.2 
 
 03/2021 

1,980,000 

29 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2021-N007 
 
 Cheyenne, WY 
 
 Industrial 
 
 A- 
 
 5/21/2021 
 
 6/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

7,100,000 

12,200,000 

58.2 
 
 04/2021 

7,100,000 

30 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2021-N008 
 
 CA and NM 
 
 Retail 
 
 A-/A 
 
 6/25/2021 
 
 6/25/2024 
 
 Performing 

10,400,000 

16,000,000 

65.0 
 
 04/2021 

6,403,556 

31 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2021-N013 
 
 East Orange, NJ 
 
 Education Center 
 
 A- 
 
 7/22/2021 
 
 8/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

5,253,000 

9,550,000 

55.0 
 
 04/2021 

5,253,000 

32 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2021-N014 
 
 Mount Prospect, IL 
 
 Retail 
 
 A 
 
 7/23/2021 
 
 8/25/2024 
 
 Performing 

5,850,000 

9,306,765 

59.1 
 
 04/2021 

5,850,000 

33 
 
 3 
 
 KDM2021-N015 
 
 Acton, MA 
 
 Office 
 
 A-/A 
 
 8/25/2021 
 
 9/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

9,660,000 

18,700,000 

51.7 
 
 06/2021 

9,660,000 

34 
 
 3 
 
 KDM2021-N018 
 
 Ohio 
 
 Skilled Nursing Facility 
 
 A 
 
 10/29/2021 
 
 11/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

23,000,000 

35,400,000 

65.0 
 
 09/2021 

23,000,000 

35 
 
 4 
 
 KDM2021-N020 
 
 Pennsylvania Illinois 
 
 Multisecuritization 
 
 A- 
 
 11/10/2021 
 
 12/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

4,750,000 

8,791,000 

54.0 
 
 09/2021 

4,125,000 

36 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2021-N021 
 
 Kentucky 
 
 Office 
 
 A- 
 
 11/19/2021 
 
 12/25/2026 
 
 Performing 

8,500,000 

17,300,000 

49.1 
 
 10/2021 

8,500,000 

37 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2021-N022 
 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 
 Office 
 
 BBB+ 
 
 12/8/2021 
 
 1/25/2027 
 
 Performing 

18,000,000 

24,450,000 

73.6 
 
 11/2021 

18,000,000 

38 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2022-N001 
 
 Allentown, PA 
 
 Office 
 
 A- 
 
 1/31/2022 
 
 2/25/2025 
 
 Performing 

24,000,000 

34,600,000 

69.4 
 
 12/2021 

24,000,000 

39 
 
 2 
 
 KDM2022-N002 
 
 North Carolina Virginia 
 
 Retail 
 
 A- 
 
 2/3/2022 
 
 2/25/2025 
 
 Performing 

5,500,000 

9,160,000 

60.0 
 
 11/2021 

5,500,000 

40 
 
 4 
 
 KDM2022-N003 
 
 Ohio 
 
 Skilled Nursing Facility 
 
 A- 
 
 2/14/2022 
 
 3/25/2027 
 
 Performing 

19,500,000 

33,100,000 

58.9 
 
 12/2021 

19,500,000 

41 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2022-N006 
 
 Honolulu, HI 
 
 Special Use 
 
 A- 
 
 4/8/2022 
 
 5/25/2027 
 
 Performing 

33,000,000 

52,000,000 

63.5 
 
 01/2022 

33,000,000 

42 
 
 4 
 
 KDM2022-N007 
 
 California and Texas 
 
 Retail 
 
 A- 
 
 6/22/2022 
 
 7/25/2027 
 
 Performing 

11,720,000 

18,610,000 

63.0 
 
 12/2021 

11,720,000 

43 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2022-N009 
 
 Benton, Washington 
 
 Office 
 
 A+ 
 
 8/12/2022 
 
 8/25/2027 
 
 Performing 

44,880,000 

78,300,000 

57.3 
 
 07/2022 

44,138,956 

44 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2022-N010 
 
 Washington D.C. 
 
 Office 
 
 BBB+ 
 
 8/18/2022 
 
 9/25/2027 
 
 Performing 

3,850,000 

8,200,000 

47.0 
 
 04/2022 

3,850,000 

45 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2022-N011 
 
 Selma, Texas 
 
 Warehouse 
 
 A- 
 
 6/28/2022 
 
 6/28/2027 
 
 Performing 

6,200,000 

10,000,000 

62.0 
 
 05/2022 

6,200,000 

46 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2022-N014 
 
 Coral Gables, Florida 
 
 Office 
 
 A- 
 
 12/9/2022 
 
 12/9/2027 
 
 Performing 

11,500,000 

18,500,000 

62.2 
 
 11/2022 

11,500,000 

47 
 
 1 
 
 KDM2023-N001 
 
 Irvine, CA 
 
 Retail 
 
 A- 
 
 3/27/2023 
 
 3/27/2028 
 
 Performing 

55,000,000 

86,900,000 

63.3 
 
 1/2023 

55,000,000 

555,371,250 

928,107,765 

47.4 

493,240,295 

Ratings are the original ratings
 received at issuance from Egan-Jones Ratings Agency 

Non-sequential loan numbers are due to some loans having been issued a file number, but the transaction was not closed, or is waiting
 to be closed 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Sales, Marketing and Customer Service 

Our marketing efforts are designed to attract
borrowers to contact us and to enroll them as clients, and to close transactions with them. Our origination team primarily does this through
the substantial network of commercial mortgage brokers we have assembled, as well as through correspondent and wholesale relationships.
We employ primarily email correspondence to mortgage brokers, banks, real estate agents, and commercial property owners to encourage them
to present CM Loans to us for possible funding through the issuance of corresponding Notes. We attend trade shows, subscribe to lead generation
databases, and loan and property platforms to find loans. We contact other financial institutions, directly and through brokers, that
may own commercial mortgages, and may attempt to purchase mortgages for KDM. 

Fraud detection 

We consider fraud detection to be of utmost importance
to the successful operation of our business. We employ a combination of proprietary technologies and commercially available licensed technologies
and solutions to prevent and detect fraud. We use services from third-party vendors for user identification and OFAC compliance. 

Notwithstanding KDM s due diligence examination
of the information provided to KDM by a borrower, there can be no assurance that the information provided to us, and on which we rely,
is true, accurate, and complete. 

Competition 

The market for mortgage lending is competitive and rapidly evolving.
We believe the following are the principal competitive factors in the lending market: 

pricing and fees; 

experience, including borrower full funding rates and investor returns; 

branding; and 

ease of use. 

We face competition from major banking institutions,
non-bank lenders, local banks, other private credit groups, as well as smaller private lenders. 

Our success depends on further developing our
network of transaction referral sources and broadening our distribution of our CM Investments. 

We may also face future competition from new companies
entering our market. If one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors or a new market entrant,
the change in competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not required. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following is an index to the Consolidated Financial Statements
of the Company being filed here-with commencing at page F-1 below: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 52) 
 
 F-2-F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-8 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

We have had no changes in nor disagreements with our independent accountants
on accounting and financial disclosure during the years ended December 2022 and 2021, nor in any subsequent interim period. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined by Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal controls
are designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Internal control over financial reporting has
inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes
in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our President and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2022, as required by Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(c). In making our assessment, we have utilized the criteria set
forth by the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
We concluded that based on our evaluation, our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, or subsequent to the date the Company completed
its evaluation, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

21 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

As of the date of this Report, the Executive Officers and Directors
of the Company were: 

Name 
 Age 
 Office 
 
 James W. Korth 
 72 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 Holly C. MacDonald-Korth 
 47 
 President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Pamela J. Hipp 
 54 
 Director of Securities Marketing and Director 
 
 Daniel Llorente 
 43 
 Chief Lending Officer and Director 

Jonathan L. Shepard 

79 

Secretary and Director 

Keith E. Henrich 
 44 
 General Counsel 

James W. Korth has been the Chief Executive Officer
of KDM since its organization. He is also the Managing Partner of J W Korth Company, LP, which he started in 1982. Mr. Korth
has spent his business career as an investment banker in all manner of debt securities, including brokered CDs, and Certificates of Accrual
on Treasury Securities CATS ), and has advised the US Treasury Department in the creation of the STRIPS program, and corporate
General Term Notes, a Medium Term Note program emulated across the industry. Mr. Korth also manages several securities portfolios for
clients of J W Korth Company and holds his Series 4, 7, 24, 53, 66, and 79 licenses. He received his Master of Science from Michigan
State University. Mr. Korth was made Chairman of the Board in June 2019. 

Holly MacDonald-Korth
is the Chief Financial Officer of KDM since 2016, and the President since June 2019. Since 2006, she has been the Managing Director and
Chief Financial Officer of J W Korth Company, where she oversees all operations, finance, and business development for the firm.
Prior to joining J W Korth, Ms. MacDonald-Korth was Senior Vice President at Overstock.com and a financial systems analyst at the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. Ms. MacDonald-Korth is the daughter of James W. Korth. She received a Bachelor of Business
Administration with Honors in Finance from University of Miami. She holds her Series 7, 24, 27, and 66 licenses. 

Daniel Llorente is the
Chief Lending Officer of KDM since 2016. Mr. Llorente has over fourteen years of commercial and residential real estate financing
experience at a variety of mortgage banks. Prior to joining KDM, Mr. Llorente was a Mortgage Loan Originator at Lakeview Loan Servicing.
In 2013 and 2014 he served as an Associate Portfolio Manager at Bayview Loan Servicing. From 2012 -2013 he served as Assistant Vice President
and Portfolio Manager at Intercredit Bank. From 2009 to 2012 he was Senior Loan Analyst at LNR Property LLC. Prior to that time he
held positions at Regions Bank, Silver Hill Financial, and Lincoln Road Funding. All positions were in Miami, Florida and related to real
estate financing. He is an ABA Certified Credit Analyst. Mr. Llorente graduated from Florida State University with a degree in finance
and received an MBA from Nova Southeastern University. 

Pamela J. Hipp is Director of Securities Marketing
and a Director. Ms. Hipp works for J. W. Korth Company as Managing Director of Trading. She joined J. W. Korth in 2007 after its
purchase of Cambridge Group Investments as regional trader and was promoted to Managing Director of Trading in 2010. Ms. Hipp has been
in the securities industry for 23 years, first working at Citistreet Equities serving major corporations retirement account management;
she then moved on to Cambridge Group in 2000. A Registered Representative and General Principal, Pam holds FINRA Series 7, 24, 63, 66,
and 79 registrations and received her Bachelor of Science degree from Michigan State University. Pam is also a Partner of J. W. Korth
and member of its Investment Committee, which guides recommendations and proprietary investment decisions. 

Keith Henrich serves as KDM s
General Counsel, joining in January 2022. Mr. Henrich has large public company experience serving as the Assistant General Counsel for
The Hackett Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: HCKT),from 2014-2021, a multi-national publicly traded company, and has focused his practice handling
mergers and acquisitions, private placements, debt financing, public company reporting obligations, commercial lending and general corporate
law as an associate at Bryn Associates, from 2010 through 2014, in Miami, Florida, and Hogan Lovells in Washington D.C. from 2008-2009.
Mr. Henrich holds an LL.M. from Georgetown University in Securities and Financial Regulation and a J.D. from Nova Southeastern University. 

Jonathan Shepard has
been KDM s Secretary and a Director since 2016. Mr. Shepard also served as outside general counsel to KDM from 2016 to 2021 and
continues to act as outside counsel to the Company. He has practiced in New York City, Philadelphia, and Boca Raton, Florida, in law firms,
corporations, and the United States Environmental Protection Agency. He was a partner in Siegel, Lipman, and Shepard, LLP, in Boca Raton
from 1994 until December 2017, and in October 2017 formed Shepard PLLC, where he now practices in Boca Raton. He is a graduate of Princeton
University and Yale Law School. 

Board Committees 

We do not have any Board committees. We anticipate
that as we grow our business we may establish formal committees, which may include an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a
governance and nominating Committee. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies
to all officers, directors, and employees of our Company on February 27, 2019. Any person may, without charge, request a copy of our Code
of Ethics by writing info@korthdirect.com. Our code of ethics is also available on our website at http://www.korthdirect.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table provides summary information regarding compensation
earned by the named executive officer during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Option 
 All Other 

Name 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 )(1) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Holly MacDonald Korth, President and Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 470,000 
 123,000 
 0 
 490 
 593,490 

2021 
 360,000 
 170,400 
 0 
 12,156 
 542,556 
 
 James W Korth, Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 410,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 410,000 

2021 
 300,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 300,000 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
our Chief Lending Officer, Daniel Llorente, received compensation of 275,000 and 339,343, respectively. 

The Company does not have a compensation or other
committee of its directors. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The Korth Direct Mortgage
Inc. 2019 Stock Option Plan (the Stock Plan provides for the grant of both incentive and non-statutory stock options to
key employees, directors or other persons having a service relationship with the Company. Effective December 8 th , 2022 for
the purchase of up to an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, 0.001 par value. The Stock Plan is administered
by the Board of Directors or a committee appointed by the Board. 

The purpose of the Stock Plan is to attract, retain and motivate employees,
officers, directors, consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors of the Company by providing them the opportunity to acquire
a proprietary interest in the Company and to link their interests and efforts to the long-term interests of the Company s shareholders. 

The following table presents details of the Company s equity
compensation plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 1,090,000 
 1.47 
 1,910,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 1,090,000 
 1.47 
 1,910,000 

(1) Consists of the Company s Stock Plan. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Description of the Stock Plan 

The Stock Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company.
The maximum number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Stock Plan is 3,000,000. 

The Stock Plan permits awards of incentive stock
options, nonqualified stock options, and restricted stock. The Stock Plan provides that the exercise price of any option will not be less
than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant or, for a 10 shareholder, 110 of fair market value. 

Eligibility 

 An award under the Stock Plan can be made to any
employee, consultant, or director of the Company, as selected by the Board of Directors. 

Shares Covered by the Stock Plan 

 The Stock Plan permits the granting of awards
covering an aggregate of 1,090,000 shares of Company common stock. The shares of Company common stock may be either authorized but unissued
shares or treasury shares. 

Any shares that are reserved for options or performance
shares that lapse, expire, terminate or are cancelled, or if shares of Company common stock are issued under the plan and are thereafter
reacquired by the Company, the shares subject to such awards and the reacquired shares may be available for subsequent awards under the
Stock Plan. 

Stock Options and Rights 

 Options granted under the Stock Plan may be either
non-qualified stock options or incentive stock options qualifying for special tax treatment under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
Code. The exercise price of any stock option may not be less than the fair market value of the shares of common stock on the date of grant
and 110 of fair market value for 10 shareholders. The exercise price is payable in cash, shares of common stock previously owned by
the optionee or a combination of cash and shares of common stock previously owned by the optionee, or by a recourse or non-recourse note
executed by the nominee (subject to Sarbanes-Oxley prohibitions on officer loans). Both non-qualified stock options and incentive stock
options will generally expire on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, unless otherwise specified. 

Restricted Stock Plan 

 Under the Stock Plan, the Board of Directors may
grant shares of restricted stock on terms and conditions, including performance criteria, repurchase and forfeiture, as determined by
the Board. Upon satisfaction of the terms and conditions of the award, shares of restricted stock become transferable. 

Amendment and Termination of the Stock Plan 

 The Board may, at any time, amend the Stock Plan
or any portion of the plan, provided that to the extent required by law or a stock exchange rule, shareholder approval is required for
any amendment to the plan. By its terms, the Stock Plan terminates ten years after its effective date. 

Recent Grants 

 There were 255,000 option shares granted during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

 Our named executive officers received the following grants of
plan-based stock option awards in 2022 pursuant to our 2019 Stock Plan. 

Holly MacDonald-Korth 
 50,000 
 
 James W. Korth 
 50,000 
 
 Pam Hipp 
 325,000 
 
 Daniel Llorente 
 150,000 
 
 Keith Henrich 
 10,000 

Director Compensation 

 No director receives compensation for
serving as a director of the Company. However, directors received common stock options for their services as employees or consultants
to the Company. See Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ownership and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets
forth security ownership information pertaining to persons who are officers, directors, or known by us to beneficially own more than 5 
of the common stock, which is the sole class of voting stock in the Company, and of all of the directors and executive officers of the
Company as a group, as of December 31, 2022. 

Except as otherwise indicated, each person and each group shown
in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock indicated. For purposes of the table below,
in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner, of
any shares of our common stock over which he or she has or shares, directly or indirectly, voting or investment power or of which he or
she has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days. As used in this prospectus, voting power is
the power to vote or direct the voting of shares and investment power includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition
of shares. Common stock beneficially owned and percentage ownership was based on 5,000,000 shares outstanding on March 31, 2023, plus
417,500 shares deemed outstanding pursuant to Rule 13d-3, for a total of 5,417,500 shares outstanding. Unless otherwise indicated, the
address of each beneficial owner is c/o Korth Direct Mortgage Inc., 135 San Lorenzo Ave, Coral Gables, FL 33146 . 

Name and Address 
 Number of 
Shares 
 Percent 

5 Beneficial Owners 

Directors and Executive Officers 

James W. Korth 
 3,035,000 
 56.0 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive 

Officer, Director 

Holly MacDonald-Korth 
 1,215,000 
 22.4 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer, 

Director 

Pamela Hipp, Director (1) 
 487,500 
 9.0 

Daniel Llorente, Director (1) 
 312,500 
 5.8 

Jonathan Shepard, Secretary and Director (1) 
 52,500 
 1.0 

All directors and executive officers as 
 5,102,500 
 94.2 
 
 a group (5 persons) (1) 

Indicates less than one percent (1 ). 

(1) Includes pursuant to Rule 13d-3 common stock options exercisable within
60 days of the date of this Report, as follows: Mr. Korth, 25,000 shares; Ms MacDonald-Korth, 25,000 shares; Ms Hipp, 137,500
shares; Mr. Llorente, 312,500 shares; Mr. Shepard, 52,500 shares. See Item 11, Executive Compensation-Equity Compensation Plan
Information. 

The Company does not have a class of equity securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

The principal shareholder of the Company is James Korth. Mr.
Korth is, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company, and together with his daughter, Holly MacDonald-Korth, the
President, Chief Financial Officer, and a Director of the Company, they both control 78.4 of the Company voting stock. 

KDM earns money by making and servicing loans,
J. W. Korth, a wholly owned subsidiary of KDM, is a broker-dealer that makes money by selling securities, including securities issued
by KDM. 

Some members of the KDM loan origination team are also registered
brokers with J.W. Korth. Such employees may be paid for both origination and sales of a loan and a Note, respectively. We mitigate these
conflicts of interest with compliance oversight and review of such transactions and compensation. 

We believe we may have certain conflicts arising
from our rating system. The same people doing our ratings may also benefit from the sales of Notes and making new CM Loans. Further, J.W.
Korth is owned by KDM, and distributes our Notes and may make a market in them. Ratings will be reviewed periodically and changed as necessary
for each CM Loan and the corresponding Notes. If a secondary market were to develop, secondary market prices for our Notes may move up
or down if the rating is changed. However, no such market currently exists. 

We may change any of our procedures regarding
managing our conflicts of interest at any time. We also may amend our rating procedure at any time. 

Indemnification Agreement 

Our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our Members, managers
and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Florida law. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Berkowitz Pollack and Brant was engaged as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 2022 and 2021. Richey May Co., LLP served as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017. 

Auditor Fees 

The following table sets forth fees billed, or
expected to be billed, to the Company by the Company s independent auditors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for (i)
services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and the review of the Company s quarterly financial
statements; (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial
statements that are not reported as Audit Fees; (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance;
and (iv) all other services: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 177,575 
 139,380 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 177,575 
 139,380 

For 2022, the audit fees listed include J. W. Korth s audit expense of 27,575
as well as KDM s audit expense of 150,000. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The following exhibits designated with a footnote
reference are incorporated herein by reference to a prior registration statement or a periodic report filed by the Registrant pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act: 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Purchase Agreement for Multiple Series of Mortgage Secured Notes between J.W. Korth Company Limited Partnership as the initial purchaser, and Korth Direct Mortgage Inc. dated July 29, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2022) 

1.2 

Purchase
 Agreement for Multiple Series of Mortgage Secured Notes between J.W. Korth Company Limited Partnership as the initial purchaser,
 and KDM Funding I LLC dated July 29, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant s report on Form 8-K
 filed August 4, 2022) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Conversion, dated May 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit to 3.1 to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed June 28, 2019) 

3.2 

Articles
 of Incorporation of Korth Direct Mortgage Inc., dated May 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit to 3.2 to the Registrant s
 Report on Form 8-K filed June 28, 2019) 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Korth Direct Mortgage Inc. and Certificate of Designation of Series A 6 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on September 20, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 1, 2021) 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Korth Direct Mortgage Inc. and Amended Certificate of Designation of Series A 6 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on March 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 1, 2021) 

3.5 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Korth Direct Mortgage Inc. and Amendment to Amended Certificate of Designation of Series A 6 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on June 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 1, 2021) 

3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Korth Direct Mortgage Inc. and Certificate of Designation of Series B 6.50 Cumulative Non-Voting Redeemable Secured Preferred Stock, as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on June 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 1, 2021) 

3.7 

Bylaws
 of Korth Direct Mortgage Inc., dated May 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit to 3.1 to the Registrant s Report on Form
 8-K filed June 28, 2019) 

4.1 
 
 Trust Indenture and Security Agreement between Korth Direct Mortgage LLC, and Delaware trust Company dated November 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed November 20, 2017) 

4.2 

Trust
Indenture and Security Agreement (Rule 144A Offerings) between Korth Direct Mortgage LLC, and Delaware Trust Company dated September
20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q filed November 13, 2018) 

4.3 
 
 Trust Indenture and Security Agreement Dated September 30, 2020, between Korth Direct Mortgage Inc. and Delaware Trust Company as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s report on Form 8-K filed October 6, 2020) 

4.4 
 
 Trust Indenture and Security Agreement (144A Private Placements) Among KDM Funding I LLC., Delaware Trust Company, and Korth Direct Mortgage Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Korth Direct Mortgage Inc. 2019 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s report on Form 8-K filed June 29, 2019) 

10.2 

Purchase
 Agreement dated July 31, 2020, among Korth Direct Mortgage Inc., a Florida corporation; J.W. Korth Company Limited Partnership,
 a Michigan limited partnership; and JW Korth LLC, a Florida limited liability company (incorporated by reference to Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed August 6, 2020) 

10.3 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q filed August 16, 2021) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Berkowitz Pollack and Brant 

31.1 

Section 302 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer 

27 

 Table of Contents 

31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer 

101 
 
 Interactive Data File 

104 
 
 Cover Page
Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ James W. Korth 

James W. Korth 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this
report below. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Holly MacDonald-Korth 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Holly MacDonald-Korth 

29 

 Table of Contents 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE INC. 

REPORT ON CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Korth Direct
Mortgage, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated statements of financial condition of Korth Direct Mortgage, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

As discussed in Note 6, the Company
obtained a deed in lieu of foreclosure for a mortgaged property in default in 2022. Upon consummation of the transaction, the Company
valued the acquired assets and liabilities at fair value. 

The primary procedures we performed
to address this critical matter included: 

Reviewing the appraisals performed by independent third parties to value the acquired
building and land 

Reviewing the inputs and assumptions used to determining the fair value of acquired
leases 

Assessing the completeness and reasonableness of the fair value of assets and liabilities
acquiried with the transaction 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

Researching the applicable GAAP literature associated with transaction for appropriate
implementation and disclosure 

/s/ , Advisors + CPAs 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

PAGE(S) 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 
 F-2-F-3 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Restricted Cash 

Restricted Investment 
 
 - 
 
 Mortgages Owned 

Mortgage Servicing Rights, at Fair Value 

Portfolio Loans 

Securities 

ROU Leased Asset 

Goodwill 

Property and equipment, net of depreciation 

Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Escrows Payable 

Lease Liability 

Deferred Revenue, net 

Deferred Tax Liability, net 

Contingent Liability, net 

Mortgage Secured Notes Payable 

Warehouse Line of Credit, net 
 
 - 
 
 Other Liabilities and Payables 

Total Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Accumulated Earnings 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized 

shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Series A Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, 

shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Series B Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, 

issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Non-Controlling Interest 
 
 - 
 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For Year Ended 
 For Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

REVENUES 

Origination Revenue, Net 

Servicing Revenue 

Underwriting Income 

Other Revenue 

Total Revenues 

COST OF REVENUES 

Broker Underwriting Expense 

Administrative Expenses 

Total Cost of Revenues 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Office 

Compensation and Related Benefits 

Professional Legal 

Advertising 

Depreciation 

Total Expenses 

Income From Operations 

Other Income / (Expenses) 

Unrealized Gain on Mortgages 

Interest Expense 

Gain from Forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 - 

Realized Loss on Mortgage Secured Notes 
 
 - 
 
 Realized Gain on Foreclosure 
 
 - 
 
 Total Other Income 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net Income before non-controlling interest 

Less: Net Income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 - 

Net Income 

Series A Preferred Dividends 

Series B Preferred Dividends 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid 
 Accumulated 
 Non-Controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 in
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Interest 
 Totals 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Series
 A preferred stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Series
 B preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Series A 
 Series B preferred stock dividends declared 

- 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Series
 A preferred stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Repurchase of Series
 A preferred stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Series A 
 Series B preferred stock dividends declared 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 7 

 Table of Contents 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period Ended 
 For the Period Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Income 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to 

Net Cash Provided by/(Used In) Operating Activities: 

Unrealized Gain on Mortgages Owned 

Unrealized Loss on Mortgage Secured Notes 

Realized Loss on Mortgage Secured Notes 
 
 - 
 
 Realized Gain on Foreclosure 
 
 - 
 
 Stock Compensation Expense 

Gain from forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Depreciation 

Amortization of loan costs 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred rent expense from operating lease 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Mortgage Secured Notes Issued 

Mortgage Secured Notes Purchased 

Restricted Investment 
 
 - 
 
 Warehouse LOC 
 
 - 
 
 Portfolio Loans 

Other Assets 

Deferred Revenue, net 

Escrow Payable 

Contingent Liability 
 
 - 
 
 Other Liabilities and Payables 

New Mortgage Lending 

Total Adjustments 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Acquisition of related party affiliate, net of cash acquired 
 - 

NET CASH (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payment of Series A/B preferred stock dividends 

Repurchase of Series A preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net proceeds from the sale of Series A preferred stock 

Net proceeds from the sale of Series B preferred stock 
 - 

NET CASH (USED IN)/PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Beginning of Year 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH End of Year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Assets acquired through settlement in lieu of foreclosure 
 
 - 

See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 8 

 Table of Contents 

KORTH DIRECT MORTGAGE, INC 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted
 Cash 

The Company maintains cash and restricted cash
balances at financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses related to these
balances. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures eligible accounts up to per depositor at each financial institution.
The Company holds cash and restricted cash at well-known banks and does not believe that it is exposed to any significant credit risk
on cash and cash equivalents. 

and , respectively, and it issued MSNs secured by those loans, also in the
amount of and , respectively. The deals have been funded in multiple ways, including private placements, SEC
registered deals, and 144A offerings. 

and , respectively. These loans were funded by the Company,
as well as affiliates. 

for the period
ending December 31, 2022. 

Origination Fees 

 Loan origination fees represent revenue earned
from originating mortgage loans; net of any credits given to the borrower. Loan origination fees generally represent flat, per-loan fee
amounts and are deferred and recognized as revenue over the life of the loan. The associated loan origination costs are also deferred
and recognized as expense over the life of the loan. The deferred portion of the loan origination fees is netted against the deferred
portion of the loan origination costs, which include mortgage broker expenses, and reported as a net deferred revenue liability on the
Company s Statement of Financial Condition. 

Servicing Fees 

 Loan servicing fees represent revenue earned for
servicing loans for various investors. Loan servicing fees are a percentage of the outstanding unpaid principal balance and represent
the difference between the Corresponding Mortgage Loan CM Loan interest received and the MSN interest payable. Servicing
Fees are recognized as revenue as the related mortgage payments are received; similarly, loan servicing expenses are charged to operations
as incurred. 

Processing Fees 

 Processing fees are collected from the borrower
at the time the commitment letter is signed and cover a variety of expenses during the underwriting process. If the Company cancels the
transaction, then unused fees are refunded. If the transaction is unable to proceed for any reason not the fault of the Company, then
the Company keeps the full processing fee. Revenues from processing fees are recognized at closing or at the time a transaction is canceled. 

Underwriting Income 

 Underwriting income represents revenue earned
by J.W. Korth for underwriting and distribution of the Company s securities. Revenues from underwriting income are recognized on
settlement date of the trades. 

Trading Profits 

 Trading profits represent revenue generated through
J.W. Korth for the trading of securities either for its own account or on behalf of its clients. Revenue from trading profits is recognized
upon settlement of the securities transactions. 

Leasing Revenue 

 Leasing revenue represents revenues generated through KDM Stafford
for rental income earned from operating leases at rental properties majority-owned and controlled by KDM. Leasing revenue generated from
operating leases are recognized over the lease term on a straight-line basis. 

Interest Income 

 Revenue that falls under this caption is primarily
derived from interest earned on Portfolio Loans. Interest earned on cash and securities also falls under this caption. 

The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires
assumptions for the expected volatility of the share price of our common stock, the expected dividend yield, and a risk-free interest
rate over the expected term of the stock-based award. 

Since the Company s common stock is not
publicly traded, we do not have sufficient Company specific information regarding the volatility of our share price on which to base an
estimate of expected volatility. As a result, we use the historical volatilities of similar entities within our industry as the expected
volatility of our share price. 

The expected dividend yield is 0 as the Company
has not paid any dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate it will pay any dividends in the foreseeable future on its common
stock. 

The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S.
Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant date with a remaining term equal to the expected term of the stock-based award. 

Since the Company does not have sufficient historical
exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term, the Company utilizes the simplified method to calculate
the expected term of stock-based awards based on the average of the vesting term and contractual term of the award. 

The assumptions used in calculating the fair value
of stock-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management
judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use different assumptions, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different
in the future. 

. 

to years. 

dividends through ;
(ii) the JW Korth Preferred Capital Interest Partners quarterly dividends concurrently with its payment of the Company s Series
A Preferred Stock dividends at least annually; and (iii) in such years as it pays Series A Preferred dividends, redeem annually of
the JW Korth Preferred Capital Interest partners through a capital contribution to JW Korth. 

The following table summarizes the unpaid Contingent
Liability outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Accrued
 and unpaid dividends recorded as interest expense 

Contingent
 Liability, net 

and , respectively, and it issued MSNs secured by those
loans in the amount of and , respectively. The deals have been funded in multiple ways, including private placements,
SEC registered deals, and 144A offerings. 

The MSNs are typically five-year interest-only
notes with the principal balance due at maturity, but terms can vary. Interest rates on the MSNs range from to and mature
at various dates from September 2023 to June 2037. The MSNs are payable to the extent that the Company receives payment from the borrower
of the mortgage loans. Payments are received from the borrowers and passed through to the MSN noteholders. KDM has custodial responsibility for the MSNs
and pursuant to the Trust Indenture for the Notes. There are no limitation in KDM s liability as servicer of its MSNs. 

The following table is a schedule of future maturities
of the MSNs for each of the five years after December 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

The In Trust for 1 account holds
the monthly tax and insurance payments collected from borrowers and distributes payments annually, on behalf of borrowers, to the appropriate
tax authority and insurance companies. This account has a balance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
This account is included as part of the Escrow Payable liability account. 

The In Trust for 2 account receives
payments from borrowers and distributes payments to investors, and pays the servicing fee to the Company. This account has a balance of
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively which consists of borrower early payments and commitment fees. This
account is included as part of the Other Liabilities and Payables liability account. 

The Company also maintains multiple lockbox accounts
that collect rental payments directly from tenants on the borrowers behalf. These accounts typically net out funds monthly. The
lockbox account balances were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This account is included as part of
the Escrow Payable liability account. 

The Company maintains an account for payment of
quarterly Preferred Series B dividends that has a balance of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company maintains an account restricted
per the warehouse line agreement that has a balance of 
as of December 31, 2022. See Note 15 Warehouse Line of Credit. 

The Company maintains a cash management account
that holds a portion of the restricted cash, which is swept on a regular basis. The account had a balance of as of December
31, 2022. This account is included as part of the Escrow Payable liability account. 

The Company invests a portion of the restricted cash collected from
borrowers in U.S. Treasury Bills with maturities of six to twelve months. The Restricted Investment account had a balance of 
as of December 31, 2022. This account is included as part of the Escrow Payable liability account. 

. In addition,
a portfolio loan held by the Company in the amount of 7.5 million was classified as an investment in the special-purpose entity. 

As part of the transaction, the Company recognized a gain of
 , which was the difference between the fair value of the net assets acquired, the mortgage liability assumed, and the consideration
paid on the transaction date. The following table summarizes the transaction: 

Restricted cash 

Building and land 

Acquired operating leases 

Mortgage liability assumed 

Net Assets Acquired 

Less: Investment in special-purpose entity 

Gain on Settlement Agreement 

compared to for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes additional expenses for common area, direct
operating expense, utilities, parking, and taxes. 

As of December 31, 2022, the net present value
of the future lease liabilities, using the weighted-average discount rate of , which is commensurate with the Company s secured
borrowing rate, over the weighted-average remaining life of years was compared to for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

The following is a schedule of the maturities
of future lease payments over the remaining life of the operating leases, reconciled to the net present value of as of December 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total Lease Payments 

Less: Imputed Interest 
 ) 

Present Value of Lease Liabilities 

PPP Loan 

In April 2020, J. W. Korth, at that time the parent
company of KDM, availed itself of a Paycheck Protection Program loan PPP Loan in the amount of , which was forgiven
in April 2021. 

customers
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company defines customers as borrowers that have an active loan with the Company,
or are in the midst of the underwriting process and have a commitment fee on deposit with the Company. 

The following is a summary of the loan originating
fees and costs deferred and amortized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

New
 loan deferrals 

- 
 
 Amortization
 of deferrals 

Deferred
 Revenue at December 31, 2022 

Deferred
 Origination Fees 
 Deferred 
 Origination Costs 
 Deferred 
 Revenue, Net 

Deferred Revenue
 at December 31, 2020 

New
 loan deferrals 

Amortization
 of deferrals 

Deferred
 Revenue at December 31, 2021 

shares of the Company s
unissued, or reacquired, common stock, par value. The Plan will be administered by the Board of Directors or a committee appointed
by the Board. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price or per share. The weighted-average
grant date fair values of options granted during the fiscal year 2022 was per share. The fair values of the stock-based awards
granted were calculated with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected term: 
 
 years 

Expected dividend yield: 

Expected volatility: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded and of stock-based compensation expense, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was
 and , respectively in total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested employee stock options granted under
the Incentive Plan, which is expected to be recognized over years and years, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were
1,910,000 shares of the Company s common stock available to be issued pursuant to the Incentive Plan. 

Stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
is summarized as follows: 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Expired
 or forfeited 
 - 

Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 

Expired
 or forfeited 
 - 

Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at
 December 31, 2022 

Options
 expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

shares of its Series A 6 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock for net proceeds of . The Company paid in
expenses related to the preferred stock issuance to J.W. Korth as underwriter and distributor. Each share was sold for and is On September 15, 2021 and June 28,
2022, the Company sold an additional 100,000 and 480,000 shares, respectively of its Series A 6 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred
Stock for net proceeds of 2,375,000 and 11,856,480. 

On August 12, 2022, the Company repurchased and
retired shares of its Series A 6 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of per share, for a total
of . The Company paid in interest expense. 

On June 29, 2021, the Company issued shares
of its Series B 6.50 Cumulative Non-Voting Redeemable Secured Preferred Stock (the Series B preferred stock ), with a liquidation
preference of 1,000 per share, for net proceeds of . The Company paid in expenses related to the preferred stock
issuance to its financial advisor and placement agent. 

The Series B preferred stock is non-convertible
and will pay cumulative dividends, if and when declared by the Company s board of directors, at a rate of per annum. Dividends
declared will be payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of January, April, July and October of each year. The Series B preferred
stock ranks senior to KDM s outstanding Series A 6 Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share,
or Series A preferred stock, and all of KDM s common stock, and will rank pari passu with, or senior to, all future issuances
of preferred stock of KDM. 

The Company is required to use commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain a nationally-recognized statistical ratings organization, or NRSRO, rating for so long as any shares of Series B preferred
stock remain outstanding. If the Company fails to maintain an NRSRO rating for the Series B preferred stock of at least BBB (or the equivalent
thereof), the dividend rate applicable to the Series B preferred stock will be increased by 25 basis points, and in the event the Company
fails to maintain an NRSRO rating of at least BBB- (or the equivalent thereof), the dividend rate applicable to the Series B preferred
stock will be increased by an additional 25 basis points. 

The Series B preferred stock is redeemable at
the Company s option, in whole or in part, on or after June 29, 2026, at a redemption price per share equal to .00 per share,
plus accrued and unpaid dividends, if any. Subject to applicable law, the Company is required to redeem the Series B preferred stock,
in each case at a redemption price equal to 1,000.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends, as follows: 

10 of the originally-issued shares of Series
B preferred stock on June 29, 2027; 

10 of the originally-issued shares of Series
B preferred stock on June 29, 2028; 

10 of the originally-issued shares of Series
B preferred stock on June 29, 2029; 

20 of the originally-issued shares of Series
B preferred stock on June 29, 2030; and 

50 of the originally-issued shares of Series
B preferred stock on June 29, 2031. 

The Company s obligations to redeem the
Series B preferred stock will be secured by a security interest on servicing fees, as specified in each mortgage secured note issued by
the Company, which is the difference between the interest payable pursuant to the mortgage secured note and the interest receivable pursuant
to the related commercial real estate mortgage loan. The requisite holders of Series B preferred stock will be entitled to exercise rights
and remedies pursuant to such security interest in the event that the Company does not pay the relevant mandatory redemption price (inclusive
of any accrued and unpaid dividends) within thirty (30) days of the applicable redemption date, except with respect to the final redemption
date, which is not subject to a thirty (30)-day grace period. 

The Company declared and paid dividends for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as follows: 

- 

Declared
 Dividends 

Paid
 Dividends 

Accrued Preferred Dividends,
 December 31, 2021 

Declared
 Dividends 

Paid
 Dividends 

Accrued
 Preferred Dividends, December 31, 2022 

Mortgage Servicing 

The net present value of the servicing income
is recognized at the time the mortgage is initiated as an unrealized gain. This value uses several inputs that are highly subjective including:
discount rate, constant prepayment rate, the current interest rate environment, and default rate assumptions. Since the Company has limited
operating history and a small amount of loans outstanding, we have a limited basis to predict prepayment rates and default rates, but
have engaged a third party, MIAC Analytics, to assist us in our valuation of this asset. The amount is included on the Consolidated Statement
of Financial Condition as Mortgage Servicing Rights, at Fair Value. 

Securities 

J. W. Korth held of defaulted Banco Cruzeiro
del Sur bonds which it reasonably believes it will receive par value for from the receiver handling the liquidation in Brazil. Local counsel
has informed us that the bank has sufficient cash to pay off our bonds. We therefore carry them at par value on the balance sheet as Securities. 

KDM also holds a small amount of its own MSNs
in an account which it may buy from time to time. These bonds are carried at the published statement values. 

Fair Value Disclosure 

The
following tables display the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Mortgage
 Servicing 
 
 - 
 - 

Portfolio
 Loans 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Securities 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Non-MSN
 Securities 
 
 - 
 - 

Total
 Financial Assets 
 
 - 

Financial
 Liabilities 

Mortgage
 Secured Notes Payable 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Warehouse
 Line of Credit 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Financial Liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 - 

December
 31, 2021 
 
 Financial
 Assets 

Mortgages
 Owned 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Mortgage
 Servicing 
 
 - 
 - 

Portfolio
 Loans 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Non-MSN
 Securities 
 
 - 
 - 

Total
 Financial Assets 
 
 - 

Financial
 Liabilities 

Mortgage
 Secured Notes Payable 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair Value Measurements 

Changes in Fair Value Measurements for the
year ended December 31, 2022 

The Company has engaged MIAC Analytics to assist
in the valuation of the mortgage servicing component of its business. This leads to significant changes in underlying assumptions within
the valuation model, which are detailed below. 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities reported in the Audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Changes in assets: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Mortgage 
Servicing 
Value 
 Non-MSN 
Securities 
 Total Value 
 
 Beginning balance at January 1, 2022 

Sales 
 - 

Unrealized Gain from newly issued mortgages 
 
 - 

Fair Value adjustment 
 
 - 

Ending balance at December 31, 2022 

Changes in assets: 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Mortgage 
Servicing 
Value 
 Non-MSN 
Securities 
 Total Value 
 
 Beginning balance at January 1, 2021 

Purchases 
 - 

Trades 
 - 

Sales 
 - 

Eliminating entry 
 - 

Net realized gain/loss or Interest income 
 - 

Unrealized Gain from newly issued mortgages 
 
 - 

Fair Value adjustment 

Ending balance at December 31, 2021 

The Company s policy for recording transfers
between levels of the fair value hierarchy is to recognize as of the financial statement date. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, there were no transfers between levels. 

The Company has established valuation processes
and policies for its Level 3 investments to ensure that the methods used are fair and consistent in accordance with ASC 820 Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures . The Company s valuation committee performs reviews of the Level 3 investments valuations,
which include reviewing any significant price changes reported from the prior period. When a Level 3 investment has a significant price
change, the valuation committee reviews relevant market data to substantiate the price change. 

The following table presents quantitative information
regarding the significant unobservable inputs the Company uses to determine the fair value of Level 3 investments held as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Securities 

Non-MSN Securities 

Discount rate 

2021 

Investment type 
 Fair
 Value 
 Valuation technique 
 Unobservable inputs 
 Values 

Mortgage servicing 

Non-MSN Securities 

which is netted against the amount drawn on the line and is included
in the warehouse line of credit, net in the accompanying audited consolidated statements of financial condition. Loans fees associated
with the Line will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the Line. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had a balance of on the warehouse line net of the costs associated with the final Agreement which is shown on the audited consolidated
statements of financial condition as Warehouse line of credit, net. Total amortization expense of capitalized loan fees was for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and recorded in interest expense. 

On March 20, 2023, Signature Bank announced that much of its
assets, including our warehouse line would now operate under the New York Community Bancorp s Flagstar Bank, N.A. 

State 

Total deferred income tax expense 

Total income tax expense 

Income tax expense differs from the amounts that would result from
applying the federal statutory rate of 21 to the Company s income before taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
are as follows : 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

- 
 
 Non-deductible expenses 

Other, net 

- 
 
 Total income tax expense 

Temporary differences that give rise to the components
of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as follows: 

Deferred rent from operating leases 

Net operating loss carry-forwards 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax assets - current 

Less: Valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets/depreciation 

Unrealized (loss) on mortgage secured notes 

Realized (gain) on foreclosure 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain on accrued interest 

Unrealized gain on mortgages 

Deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax asset (liability), net 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry-forwards
of for federal and state income tax purposes. 

As of December 31, 2022, management determined
that there should be no valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets of . In assessing the ability to realize a portion
of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during
the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
and projected future taxable income in making the assessment. 

The Company has not recognized any tax benefits
from uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. Although it is reasonably possible that certain unrecognized
tax benefits may increase or decrease within the next twelve months due to tax examination changes, settlement activities, expirations
of statute of limitations, or the impact on recognition and measurement considerations related to the results of published tax cases or
other similar activities, the Company does not anticipate any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, no interest or penalties were required to be recognized relating to unrecognized tax benefits. 

The Company files U.S. federal and state tax returns, of which
the open tax period subject to examination by taxing authorities include the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021. The Company
is not currently subject to any examinations by any state or federal taxation authority. 

Equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net Property Equipment 

2021 

Equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net Property Equipment 

Depreciation expense for the period ending December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

of additional loans. 

b. The Company approved a cash payment of the quarterly Series A preferred stock dividend for the period of 12/15/2022 
3/14/2023 paid on 3/15/2023. 

c. The Company approved a cash payment of the quarterly Series B preferred stock dividend for the period of 1/15/2023 
4/14/2023 to be paid on 4/15/2023. 

d. KDM sold a non-performing loan to an unrelated third party. All related CM Loan Investors were made whole. 

e. On March 11, 2023, KDM s warehouse lender Signature was placed into receivership by the FDIC. KDM has been advised that the
warehouse line was acquired by New York Community Bancorp s Flagstar Bank division and that the line is still open. 

f. On March 23, 2023, KDM issued and sold shares of its Series A Preferred to qualified institutional buyers under exemptions
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Securities Act Rule 144A. 

The Company currently has no loans in payment
default. 

F-22 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
ACCOUNTANTS 

We consent to the use of our report dated March 31, 2023 on the consolidated
statements of financial position of Korth Direct Mortgage, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included herein on the
annual report of Korth Direct Mortgage, Inc. on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Berkowitz
Pollack Brant, Advisors + CPAs 

West Palm Beach,
FL 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31,1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James W. Korth, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Korth Direct Mortgage, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on
 my knowledge, the audited condensed consolidated financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of,
and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
Registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed
such
 internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

 (c) Evaluated
the
 effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 (d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ James W. Korth 

James W. Korth, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Holly MacDonald-Korth, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Korth Direct Mortgage, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on
 my knowledge, the audited condensed consolidated financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of,
and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed
such
 internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

 (c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 (d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Holly MacDonald-Korth 

Holly MacDonald Korth, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
 James W. Korth, the Chief Executive
Officer of Korth Direct Mortgage, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. This
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. The
information
 contained in this Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ James W. Korth 

James W. Korth, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
 Holly MacDonald-Korth, the Chief
Financial Officer of Korth Direct Mortgage, Inc., certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. This
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. The
information
 contained in this Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Holly MacDonald-Korth 

Holly MacDonald Korth, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik0001695963-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik0001695963-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik0001695963-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik0001695963-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

