<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_99106_0001513162-23-000046.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9030131</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>167389</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1402691</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3020464</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1968245</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2258705</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001513162-23-000046.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331132829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001513162-23-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANS LUX Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099106
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		IRS NUMBER:				131394750
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02257
		FILM NUMBER:		23786227

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 EAST 57TH STREET
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-243-5544

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 EAST 57TH STREET
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANS LUX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001513162-23-000046.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 tnlx-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. FORM (Mark One) [ ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to_______ 
 Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , (Address of registrant s principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes X Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes X Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. X No 
 
 CONTINUED TRANS-LUX CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K Cover Page Continued Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) X No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer __ Accelerated filer __ X Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the last sale price of the registrant s Common Stock reported on OTC Pink on June 30, 2022, was approximately , which value solely for the purposes of this calculation excludes shares held by the registrant s officers, directors and 10 stockholders. Such exclusion should not be deemed a determination by the registrant that all such individuals or entities are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. The registrant has no non-voting common stock. The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s , as of the latest practicable date, on March 30, 2023, was shares of Common Stock. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None. 

TRANS-LUX CORPORATION 2022 Form 10-K Annual Report Table of Contents 

PART I 

Page 

ITEM 1. 

Business 

1 

ITEM 1A. 

Risk Factors 

3 

ITEM 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

9 

ITEM 2. 

Properties 

9 

ITEM 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

9 

ITEM 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

9 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

9 

ITEM 6. 

Removed and Reserved 

9 

ITEM 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

10 

ITEM 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

14 

ITEM 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

15 

ITEM 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

34 

ITEM 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

34 

ITEM 9B. 

Other Information 

35 

ITEM 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 

35 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

35 

ITEM 11. 

Executive Compensation 

39 

ITEM 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

42 

ITEM 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

43 

ITEM 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

43 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

43 

ITEM 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

45 

Signatures 

46 

Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS SUMMARY Trans-Lux Corporation is a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 5, 1920. Our Common Stock is quoted on OTC Pink under the symbol TNLX. Our principal executive offices are located at 254 West 31 st Street, 12 th Floor, New York, NY 10001, where our telephone number is (800) 243-5544. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Trans-Lux, the Company, the Corporation, we, us, and our as used herein refer to Trans-Lux Corporation and its subsidiaries. The Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of digital display solutions and fixed digit scoreboards. DIGITAL DISPLAY PRODUCTS The Company s LED display systems include the latest features and functionality. The Company s product line of high-performance state-of-the-art digital display products and controllers are used to show full-color video and messages in virtually any configuration and application. The products are used by sports arenas and stadiums; financial institutions, including brokerage firms, banks, energy companies, insurance companies and mutual fund companies; educational institutions; outdoor advertising companies; corporate and government communication centers; retail outlets; casinos, racetracks and other gaming establishments; airports, train stations, bus terminals and other transportation facilities; movie theatres; health maintenance organizations and in various other applications. All sales and service, including fixed digit scoreboards, related to sports are sold through our wholly owned subsidiary, FairPlay Corporation, capitalizing on a well-recognized brand name that has been servicing this segment for over 85 years. For its fixed digit scoreboards, the Company has an industry leading unibody design that allows for seamless appearance and facilitates field installation. For its digital displays, the Company employs a modular engineering design strategy, allowing basic building blocks of modules to be easily combined and configured in order to meet the broad application requirements of the various industries it serves. This approach ensures product flexibility, reliability, ease of service and reduced spare parts requirements. The Company s display product line is comprised of two distinct segments: the Digital product sales division and the Digital product lease and maintenance division. Digital Product Sales Division: The Digital product sales division is segmented into five categories: Out-of-Home, Sports, Transportation, Live Entertainment and Retail Hospitality. Digital product Lease and Maintenance Division: The Digital product lease and maintenance division leases and performs maintenance on digital products across all the sectors under agreement terms ranging from 30 days to 10 years. Sales Order Backlog (excluding leases): The amount of sales order backlog at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 6.8 million and 9.5 million, respectively. The December 31, 2022 backlog is expected to be recognized as sales in 2023, although there can be no assurance thereof. These amounts include only the sale of products; they do not include new lease orders or renewals of existing lease agreements that may be presently in-house. ENGINEERING AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT The Company s ability to compete and operate successfully depends on its capacity to anticipate and respond to the changing technological and product needs of its customers, among other factors. For this reason, the Company continually develops enhancements to its existing product lines and examines and tests new display technologies. The Company s TLVision TM line includes our latest LED Large Screen Systems that feature the most recent digital product technologies and capabilities, available in various pitch design. TLVision TM consists of full-color video products that can be used in a multitude of applications. These applications range from posting alphanumeric data to the displaying of full HD video. The pixel pitches of the products range from 1.5mm for close distance viewing and up to 50mm for long-distance viewing. The Company also continues to expand its line of scoreboard solutions using its TLVision TM technology and improved hand-held, simple to operate remotes and wireless control devices. 1 

Table of Contents As part of its ongoing development efforts, the Company seeks to package certain products for specific market segments and continually tracks emerging technologies that can enhance its products. Full color, live video and digital input technologies continue to be enhanced. The Company maintains a staff responsible for product development and support. The engineering, product enhancement and development efforts are supplemented by outside independent engineering consulting organizations, as required. MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION In North America, the Company markets its digital display products in the United States and Canada using a combination of distribution channels, including direct sales representatives and a network of independent dealers and distributors. By working with software vendors and using the internet to expand the quality and quantity of multimedia content that can be delivered to our digital products, we offer customers relevant, timely information, content management software and display hardware in the form of turnkey display communications packages. The Company employs a number of different marketing techniques to attract new customers, including direct marketing efforts by its sales force to known and potential users of information displays; internet marketing; advertising in industry publications; and exhibiting at domestic and international trade shows. Headquartered in New York, New York, the Company has sales and service offices in Des Moines, Iowa, and Hazelwood, Missouri, as well as satellite offices in other parts of the United States. Internationally, the Company uses a combination of internal salespeople and independent distributors to market its products outside the United States. The Company has existing relationships with independent distributors worldwide covering the rest of North America, Europe, the Middle East, South America, Africa, the Far East and Australia. Foreign revenues represented less than 10 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In 2022, one customer accounted for 13.3 of the Company s total revenues. In 2021, no customers accounted for at least 10 of the Company s total revenues. MANUFACTURING AND OPERATIONS The Company s production facilities are located in Hazelwood, Missouri, and Des Moines, Iowa. The production facilities consist principally of the manufacturing, assembly and testing of digital product units and related components. The Company performs most subassembly and final assembly of its digital display products. All product lines are design engineered by the Company and controlled throughout the manufacturing process. The Company has the ability to produce very large sheet metal fabrications, cable assemblies and surface mount and through-hole designed assemblies. Some of the subassembly and final assembly processes are outsourced. The Company s production of many of the subassemblies and final assemblies gives the Company the control opportunity needed for on-time delivery to its customers. The Company has the ability to modify its product lines. The Company s displays are designed with flexibility in mind, enabling the Company to customize its displays to meet different applications with a minimum amount of lead-time. The Company designs certain of its materials to match components furnished by suppliers. If such suppliers are unable to provide the Company with those components, the Company would have to contract with other suppliers to obtain replacement sources. Such replacement might result in engineering design changes, and delays in obtaining such replacement components. The Company believes it maintains suitable inventory and has contracts providing for delivery of sufficient quantities of such components to meet its needs. The Company also believes that there are presently other qualified vendors of these components. Other than the LEDs and LED modules which are manufactured by foreign sources, the Company does not acquire significant amounts of components directly from foreign suppliers. The Company s products are third-party certified for compliance with applicable safety, electromagnetic emissions and susceptibility requirements worldwide. 2 

Table of Contents SERVICE AND SUPPORT The Company emphasizes the quality and reliability of its products and the ability of its field service personnel and third-party agents to provide timely and expert service to the Company s equipment on lease and maintenance bases and other types of customer-owned equipment. The Company believes that the quality and timeliness of its on-site service personnel are essential components for the Company s ongoing and future success. The Company provides turnkey installation and support for the products it leases and sells in the United States and Canada. The Company provides training to end-users and ongoing support to users who have questions regarding operating procedures, equipment problems or other issues. The Company provides installation and service to those who purchase and lease equipment. Additionally, the Company s dealers and distributors offer support for the products they sell in the market segments they cover. Personnel based in regional and satellite service locations throughout the United States provide high quality and timely on-site service for the installed equipment on lease and maintenance bases and other types of customer-owned equipment. Purchasers or lessees of the Company s larger products, such as financial exchanges, casinos and sports stadiums, often retain the Company to provide on-site service through the deployment of a service technician who is on-site daily for scheduled events. The Company operates its National Technical Services and Repair Centers from its facility in Hazelwood, Missouri. Equipment repairs are performed and service technicians are dispatched nationwide from our Hazelwood location. The Company s field service division is augmented by various service companies in the United States, Canada and overseas. From time to time, the Company uses various third-party service agents to install, service and/or assist in the service of certain displays for reasons that include geographic area, size and height of displays. COMPETITION The Company s availability of short and long-term leases to customers and its nationwide sales, service and installation capabilities are major competitive advantages in the digital product business. The Company believes that it is the largest supplier of large-scale stock, commodity, sports and race book gaming digital products in the United States, as well as one of the larger digital product and service organizations in the country. The Company competes with a number of competitors, both larger and smaller than itself, with products based on different forms of technology. There are several competitors whose current products utilize similar technology to the Company s and who possess the resources necessary to develop competitive and more sophisticated products in the future. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Company holds a number of trademarks for its products and considers such trademarks important to its business. EMPLOYEES The Company had approximately 53 employees as of March 1, 2023, none of whom is unionized. The Company believes its employee relations are good. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS THERE IS SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN Our Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. Our continuing operating losses and uncertainty regarding our ability to make the required minimum funding contributions to the defined benefit pension plan and the past due principal and payments on our outstanding 8 Limited convertible senior subordinated notes due 2012 (the Notes and 9 Subordinated debentures due 2012 (the Debentures raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, if we are unable to (i) obtain additional liquidity for working capital, (ii) make the required minimum funding contributions to the defined benefit pension plan, (iii) make the required principal and interest payments on the Notes and the Debentures and/or (iv) repay our obligations under our Credit Agreement (hereinafter defined) with Unilumin, there would be a significant adverse impact on our financial position and operating results. 3 

Table of Contents WE TYPICALLY HAVE EXPERIENCED OPERATING LOSSES FOR THE PAST SEVERAL YEARS, AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT WE WILL BE ABLE TO INCREASE OUR REVENUE SUFFICIENTLY TO GENERATE THE CASH REQUIRED TO FUND OUR CURRENT OPERATIONS We have incurred operating losses for the past several years. The Company recorded net operating losses of 389,000 and 4.2 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We are dependent upon future operating performance and, to the extent that operating performance falls short of our needs, future financing to generate sufficient cash flows to continue to run our businesses. Future operating performance is dependent on general economic conditions, as well as financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. We have experienced a decline in our lease and maintenance bases for the past several years. In addition, our ability to achieve profitability is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control including the impact of the current economic environment, the spread of major epidemics (including coronavirus) and other related uncertainties such as government imposed travel restrictions, interruptions to supply chains and extended shut down of businesses. These macroeconomic developments could negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition in a number of ways. For example, current or potential customers may delay or decrease spending with us or may not pay us or may delay paying us for previously performed services. There can be no assurance that we will be able to increase our revenue sufficiently to generate the cash required to fund our current operations, and to the extent we are unable to do so, we may need to undertake additional financings. In addition, we cannot predict whether future financing, if any, will be in the form of equity, debt, or a combination of both. We may not be able to obtain additional funds on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. Any equity financing we receive could be substantially dilutive to our shareholders. WE HAVE SIGNIFICANT DEBT, WHICH COULD IMPAIR OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding debt of approximately 4.3 million, of which 3.8 million was reflected under current portion of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheet. Such amount includes an aggregate of 522,000 of Notes and Debentures for which we are in default. Our ability to satisfy our obligations will be dependent upon our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, including factors beyond our control. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 48,000 and there can be no assurance that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our long-term debt service requirements or that we will be able to refinance indebtedness at maturity. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources. WE HAVE NOT AND MAY NOT MEET OUR LOAN COVENANTS The Loan Agreement with Unilumin contains financial and other covenant requirements, including financial covenants that require the Borrowers to attain certain EBITDA amounts for certain periods. If we are not able to attain the EBITDA amounts required by the covenant, Unilumin may exercise certain remedies, including termination of the Loan Agreement, which would have a significant adverse impact on our financial position and operating results. NON-PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ON OUTSTANDING NOTES AND DEBENTURES HAS RESULTED IN EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND MAY CONTINUE TO NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR BALANCE SHEET As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 302,000 of Notes. The Notes matured as of March 1, 2012 and are currently in default. The trustee, by notice to us, or the holders of 25 of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, by notice to us and the trustee, may declare the outstanding principal plus interest due and payable immediately. 4 

Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 220,000 of Debentures. The Debentures matured as of December 1, 2012 and are currently in default. The trustee, by notice to us, or the holders of 25 of the principal amount of the Debentures outstanding, by notice to us and the trustee, may declare the outstanding principal plus interest due and payable immediately. OUR INDEBTEDNESS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL HEALTH Our indebtedness could have important consequences to you. For example, it could: increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or cause us to make non-strategic divestitures; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to our creditors, resulting in possible defaults on and acceleration of such indebtedness; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and limit our ability to borrow additional funds or increase our cost of borrowing. COMPETITORS MAY POSSESS SUPERIOR RESOURCES AND DELIVER MORE MARKETABLE PRODUCTS, WHICH WOULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING MARGINS Our digital products compete with a number of competitors, both larger and smaller than us, and with products based on different forms of technology. In addition, there are several competitors whose current products utilize similar technology and who possess the resources to develop competitive and more sophisticated products in the future. Our success is, to some extent, dependent upon our ability to anticipate technological changes in the industry and to successfully identify, obtain, develop and market new products that satisfy evolving industry requirements. There can be no assurance that competitors will not market new products which may have perceived advantages over our products or which, because of pricing strategies, render the products currently sold by us less marketable or would otherwise adversely affect our operating margins. OUR SUCCESS IS PARTIALLY DEPENDENT UPON OUR ABILITY TO OBTAIN THE RENEWAL OF EXISTING LEASES OR ENTER INTO NEW LEASES AS OUR CURRENT LEASES EXPIRE, WHICH MAY NOT BE FEASIBLE. THE INABILITY TO RENEW OR REPLACE OUR LEASES WOULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS We derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from the leasing of our digital products, generally pursuant to leases that have an average term of one to five years. Consequently, our future success is, at a minimum, dependent on our ability to obtain the renewal of existing leases or to enter into new leases as existing leases expire. We also derive a significant percentage of our revenues from maintenance agreements relating to our digital display products. The average term of such agreements is one to five years. A portion of the maintenance agreements is cancelable upon 30 days notice. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining the renewal of existing leases or maintenance agreements, obtaining replacement leases or realizing the value of assets currently under leases that are not renewed. We expect our success in obtaining the renewal of existing leases or maintenance agreements or obtaining replacement leases will also be negatively impacted by the economic uncertainty arising from the impact of the coronavirus which has caused disruptions and extreme volatility in global financial markets and is expected to increase rates of default and bankruptcy, and impact levels of consumer and commercial spending. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations. WE ARE DEPENDENT ON OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND OTHER KEY PERSONNEL We believe that our Chief Executive Officer, Nicholas J. Fazio, plays a significant role in our success and the loss of his services could have an adverse effect on us. We have no employment agreement with Mr. Fazio and there can be no assurance that we would be able to find a suitable replacement for Mr. Fazio. We believe that in addition to Mr. Fazio, there is a core group of executives that also plays a significant role in our success. OUR INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS SUBJECT US TO POTENTIAL FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE RATES BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES DOLLAR AND FOREIGN CURRENCIES, AS WELL AS INTERNATIONAL LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, WHICH COULD IMPACT OUR PROFITABILITY Our financial condition, operating results and future growth could be significantly impacted by risks associated with our international activities, including specifically changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies and international tax rules. Because a portion of our business is transacted in Canada dollars, fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar could seriously impact our manufacturing and other costs, as well as overall profitability. The risks to our business related to fluctuations in currency exchange rates is further magnified by the current volatility in the currency markets that are characteristic of financial markets, and currency markets in particular. 5 

Table of Contents Compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our international operations, including import and export requirements, anti-corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), foreign exchange controls, anti-money laundering and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition regulations, increases the costs of doing business in foreign jurisdictions, and may subject us to additional costs which may arise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation. We have not implemented formal policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with all of these laws and regulations. Any such violations could individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition or operating results. OUR RELIANCE UPON THIRD-PARTY MANUFACTURERS IN CHINA COULD SUBJECT US TO POLITICAL AND LEGAL RISKS BEYOND OUR CONTROL Many components of our products are produced in China by third-party manufacturers. Our reliance on third-party Chinese manufacturers exposes us to risks that are not in our control, such as unanticipated cost increases, negative fluctuations in currency or the impact of the coronavirus on the ability of the third-party Chinese manufacturers to provide product and international commerce, which could negatively impact our results of operations and working capital. Any termination of or significant disruption in our relationship with our Chinese suppliers may prevent us from filling customer orders in a timely manner. Given the state of the Chinese political system, we cannot guaranty that our agreements with our Chinese suppliers will remain enforceable pursuant to Chinese law. Furthermore, we cannot guaranty that all rights to payment or performance under our agreements with our Chinese manufacturing partners will be enforceable and that all debts owing to us, whether in the form of cash or product, will be collectible. While we do not envision any adverse change to our international operations or suppliers, especially given the gradual move towards global integration by the Chinese government and financial markets, adverse changes to these operations as a result of political, governmental, regulatory, economic, exchange rate, labor, health-related, logistical or other factors could have a material adverse effect on our future operating results. SUPPLIERS MAY BE UNABLE OR UNWILLING TO FURNISH US WITH REQUIRED COMPONENTS, WHICH MAY DELAY OR REDUCE OUR PRODUCT SHIPMENTS AND NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS We design certain of our products to match components furnished by suppliers. If such suppliers were unable or unwilling to provide us with those components, we would have to contract with other suppliers to obtain replacement sources. In particular, we purchase most of the LEDs and LED module blocks used in our digital products from three main suppliers. We do not have long-term supply contracts with these suppliers. A change in suppliers of either LED module blocks or certain other components may result in engineering design changes, as well as delays in obtaining such replacement components. We believe that there are presently other qualified vendors of these components. Our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of certain components as required, or to develop alternative sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable time, could result in delays or reductions in product shipments that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations. CYBER-ATTACKS AND BREACHES COULD CAUSE OPERATIONAL DISRUPTIONS, FRAUD OR THEFT OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION Aspects of our operations are reliant upon internet-based activities, such as ordering supplies and back-office functions such as accounting and transaction processing, making and accepting payments, processing payroll and other administrative functions, etc. Although we have taken measures to protect our technology systems and infrastructure, including employee education programs regarding cybersecurity, a breach of the security surrounding these functions could result in operational disruptions, theft or fraud, or exposure of sensitive information to unauthorized parties. A significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems may have a significant impact on our operations, potentially resulting in service interruptions, security violations, regulatory compliance failures and other operational difficulties. In addition, any attack perpetrated against our information systems, including through a system failure, security breach or disruption by malware or other damage, could similarly impact our operations and result in loss or misuse of information, litigation and potential liability. Although we have taken steps intended to mitigate the risks presented by potential cyber incidents, it is not possible to protect against every potential power loss, telecommunications failure, cybersecurity attack or similar event that may arise. Moreover, the safeguards we use are subject to human implementation and maintenance and to other uncertainties. Any of these cyber incidents may result in a violation of applicable laws or regulations (including privacy and other laws), damage our reputation, cause a loss of customers and give rise to monetary fines and other penalties, which could be significant. Such events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 6 

Table of Contents INCREASED PRICES AND INFLATION COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS Though we believe that the rates of inflation in recent years have not had a significant impact on our operations, a continued increase in inflation, including inflationary pressure on labor and the goods and services we rely upon to deliver service to our customers, could result in increases to our operating costs, and we may be unable to pass these costs on to our customers. If inflation in these costs increases beyond our ability to control for them through measures such as implementing operating efficiencies, we may not be able to increase prices to sufficiently offset the effect of various cost increases without negatively impacting customer demand, thereby increasing our costs of doing business and reducing our margins. If such impacts are prolonged and substantial, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. WE ARE CURRENTLY OPERATING IN A PERIOD OF ECONOMIC UNCERTAINTY AND CAPITAL MARKETS DISRUPTION, WHICH HAS BEEN SIGNIFICANTLY IMPACTED BY GEOPOLITICAL INSTABILITY DUE TO THE ONGOING MILITARY CONFLICT BETWEEN RUSSIA AND UKRAINE. OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY ANY NEGATIVE IMPACT ON THE GLOBAL ECONOMY AND CAPITAL MARKETS RESULTING FROM THE CONFLICT IN UKRAINE OR ANY OTHER GEOPOLITICAL TENSIONS U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and globally and assessing its potential impact on our business. Additionally, Russia s prior annexation of Crimea, recent recognition of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent military interventions in Ukraine have led to sanctions and other penalties being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, including agreements to remove certain Russian financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system. Additional potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. Any of the abovementioned factors could affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Form 10-K. FAILURE TO MAINTAIN EFFECTIVE INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR ABILITY TO REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS ON A TIMELY AND ACCURATE BASIS Failure to maintain appropriate and effective internal controls over our financial reporting could result in misstatements in our financial statements and potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and could cause us to delay the filing of required reports with the SEC and our reporting of financial results. Any of these events could result in a decline in the market price of our Common Stock. Although we have taken steps to maintain our internal control structure as required, we cannot guarantee that a control deficiency will not result in a misstatement in the future. EFFECT OF CERTAIN ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS AND CONTROL BY EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (our Certificate of Incorporation contains certain provisions that could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of the Company. Such provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common Stock, thus making it less likely that a stockholder will receive a premium on any sale of shares of our Common Stock. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, each of which serves for a staggered three-year term, making it more difficult for a third party to gain control of our Board. Our Certificate of Incorporation also contains a provision that requires a four-fifths vote on any merger, consolidation or sale of assets with or to an Interested Person or Acquiring Person, as well as any amendment to the provision which divides the Board into three classes. 7 

Table of Contents Additionally, we are authorized to issue 2,500,000 shares of preferred stock, of which (i) 416,500 are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding, and (ii) 51,000 are designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding. The remaining unissued preferred stock, if issued, will contain such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as may be fixed by our Board of Directors, which may adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of Common Stock or delay, defer or prevent a change in control of the Company, or discourage bids for the Common Stock at a premium over its market price or otherwise adversely affect the market price of the Common Stock. These provisions and others that could be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our control or management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. These provisions may also limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. CONCENTRATION OF OWNERSHIP AMONG OUR PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS MAY LIMIT OUR OTHER STOCKHOLDERS FROM INFLUENCING SIGNIFICANT COMPANY DECISIONS As of March 30, 2023, one stockholder, Unilumin North America Inc. Unilumin , owns approximately 52.0 of our Common Stock and beneficially owns approximately 53.7 of our Common Stock. In addition, three of the Company s four directors are employed by Unilumin or other entities affiliated with Unilumin. Accordingly, such stockholder could exert significant control over any potential stockholder actions. The interests of this stockholder may not align with our interests or the interests of other stockholders and thereby could control our policies and operations, including the election of directors, the appointment of management, future issuances of our Common Stock or other securities, the incurrence or modification of debt by us, amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws, and the entering of extraordinary transactions, such as a merger or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, this majority stockholder will be able to cause or prevent a change of control of the Company and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of the Company. This concentration of ownership could deprive stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of Common Stock as part of a sale of the Company and ultimately might affect the market price of the Common Stock. WE DO NOT EXPECT TO PAY ANY DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE We currently expect to retain all future earnings, if any, for future operation, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends to holders of our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our operating results, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, we must comply with the covenants in our credit agreement in order to be able to pay cash dividends, and our ability to pay dividends generally may be further limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our Common Stock unless you sell our Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. OUR COMMON STOCK IS QUOTED ON OTC PINK AND MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITED TRADING VOLUME AND PRICE VOLATILITY Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink, an inter-dealer electronic quotation and trading system for equity securities. Quotation of our Common Stock on OTC Pink may limit the liquidity and price of our Common Stock more than if our Common Stock were quoted or listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market or another national exchange. Some investors may perceive our Common Stock to be less attractive because it is traded in the over-the-counter market. In addition, as an OTC Pink company, we do not attract the extensive analyst coverage that accompanies companies listed on national exchanges. Further, institutional and other investors may have investment guidelines that restrict or prohibit investing in securities traded on OTC Pink. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is not widely held and the volume of trading has been relatively low and sporadic. Accordingly, our Common Stock is subject to increased price volatility and reduced liquidity. There can be no assurance that a more active trading market for our Common Stock will develop or be sustained if it does develop. The market price of our Common Stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among other things, the factors described in the sections entitled Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995 and Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the general state of the securities markets and the market for similar stocks, changes in capital markets that affect the perceived availability of capital to companies in our industry, and governmental legislation or regulation, as well as general economic and market conditions. 8 

Table of Contents ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The Company s headquarters and principal executive offices are located in a leased facility at 254 West 31 st Street, 12 th Floor, New York, New York, at no annual rental cost (because it is additional space in a Unilumin office), which it uses as its primary executive, sales and administrative office. The Company leases a facility in Hazelwood, Missouri, at an annual rental of 348,000, which is being used for manufacturing operations. The Company leases a facility in Des Moines, Iowa, at an annual rental of 129,000, which is used for manufacturing, sales and administrative operations. The aggregate property rent expense was 477,000 and 395,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of its business and/or which are covered by insurance. The Company has accrued reserves individually and in the aggregate for such legal proceedings. Should actual litigation results differ from the Company s estimates, revisions to increase or decrease the accrued reserves may be required. There are no open matters that the Company deems material. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (a) The Company s Common Stock trades on the OTC Pink under the symbol TNLX. The Company had approximately 86 holders of record of its Common Stock as of March 30, 2023. The number of record holders does not include DTC participants or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names. The Board of Directors did not declare any cash dividends on Common Stock during 2022 and the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its Common Stock for the foreseeable future. In addition, the Company s loan agreement with Unilumin restricts the payment of dividends. (b) Not applicable. (c) The Company did not purchase any of its equity securities during any month of the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022. ITEM 6. REMOVED AND RESERVED 9 

Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview Trans-Lux is a leading supplier of LED technology for display applications. The essential elements of these systems are the real-time, programmable digital products that we design, manufacture, distribute and service. Designed to meet the digital signage solutions for any size venue s indoor and outdoor needs, these displays are used primarily in applications for the financial, banking, gaming, corporate, advertising, transportation, entertainment and sports markets. The Company operates in two reportable segments: Digital product sales and Digital product lease and maintenance. The Digital product sales segment includes worldwide revenues and related expenses from the sales of both indoor and outdoor digital product signage. This segment includes the financial, government/private, gaming, scoreboards and outdoor advertising markets. The Digital product lease and maintenance segment includes worldwide revenues and related expenses from the lease and maintenance of both indoor and outdoor digital product signage. This segment includes the lease and maintenance of digital product signage across all markets. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to uncollectible accounts receivable, slow-moving and obsolete inventories, rental equipment, income taxes, warranty reserve, warrants, pension plan obligations, contingencies and litigation. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management has discussed the development and selection of these accounting estimates and the related disclosures with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Management believes the following critical accounting policies involve its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its Consolidated Financial Statements: Uncollectible Accounts Receivable: The Company maintains allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Should non-payment by customers differ from the Company s estimates, a revision to increase or decrease the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable may be required. Slow-Moving and Obsolete Inventories: The Company writes down its inventory for estimated obsolescence equal to the difference between the carrying value of the inventory and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Rental Equipment: The Company evaluates rental equipment assets for possible impairment annually to determine if the 225,000 carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The Company uses a cash flow model to determine the fair value under the income approach, based on the remaining lengths of existing leases. Changes in the assumptions used could materially impact our fair value estimates. Assumptions critical to our fair value estimates are projected renewal rates and CPI rate changes. These and other assumptions are impacted by national and global economic conditions including changes in national and international interest rates, taxes, inflation, etc. and will change in the future based on period-specific facts and circumstances, thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge in the future. The December 31, 2022 impairment analysis included a renewal rate estimate of 74.5 and a CPI rate change of approximately 7.0 , which were the actual average rates for the two-year period ended December 31, 2022. Based on these assumptions, the cash flow model determined a fair value of 2.6 million, exceeding its carrying value by 1075 . Therefore there is no impairment of the Rental Equipment. For every 1-percentage-point change in the renewal rate, the valuation would change by approximately 48,000. For every 1-percentage-point change in the CPI rate, the valuation would change by approximately 53,000. 10 

Table of Contents Rental equipment is comprised of installed digital products on lease primarily used for indoor trading applications, time and temperature displays and other digital message displays and have estimated useful lives of 10-15 years. For example, the Company is party to contracts for equipment originally installed over 30 or 40 years ago in the 1970 s and 1980 s, as well as dozens of installations from the 1990 s still in operation. Current contracts have an average age of 24.4 years from their installation dates through the expiration of their current terms. Income Taxes: The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that it believes is more likely than not to be realized. While the Company has considered future taxable income and ongoing feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, in the event the Company were to determine that it would not be able to realize all or part of its net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to income in the period such determination was made. Likewise, should the Company determine that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase income in the period such determination was made. Warranty Reserve: The Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized. While the Company engages in product quality programs and processes, including evaluating the quality of the component suppliers, the warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates. Should actual product failure rates differ from the Company s estimates, revisions to increase or decrease the estimated warranty liability may be required. Pension Plan Obligations: The Company is required to make estimates and assumptions to determine the obligation of our pension benefit plan, which includes investment returns and discount rates. The Company recorded after-tax benefit in unrecognized pension liability of 352,000 and 1.1 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in other comprehensive income. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed annually with the assistance of external actuarial professionals and adjusted as circumstances change. Assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant will receive over their lifetime and the amount of liability and expense we recognize. At December 31, 2022, plan assets were invested 31.0 in fixed income contracts and 69.0 in equity and index funds. The investment return assumption takes the asset mix into consideration. The assumed discount rate reflects the rate at which the pension benefits could be settled. The Company utilizes a yield curve in lieu of a single weighted discount rate in determining liabilities and the interest cost for the following year. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average rates used for the computation of benefit plan liabilities were: investment returns, 8.00 and discount rate, 2.75 . The net periodic cost for 2023 will be based on the December 31, 2022 valuation. The defined benefit pension plan periodic benefit (cost) was 142,000 and 181,000) in 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, assuming no change in the other assumptions, a one-percentage point increase/(decrease) in the discount rate would have increased/(decreased) the net periodic cost by 40,000/( 50,000). As of December 31, 2003, the benefit service under the defined benefit pension plan had been frozen and, accordingly, there is no service cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The minimum required pension plan contribution for 2022 was 138,000, which the Company fully contributed. At this time, there are no minimum required contributions due in 2023. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements Pension Plan for further details. Contingencies and Litigation: The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of its business and/or which are covered by insurance. The Company has accrued reserves individually and in the aggregate for such legal proceedings. Should actual litigation results differ from the Company s estimates, revisions to increase or decrease the accrued reserves may be required. There are no open matters that the Company deems material. 11 

Table of Contents Results of Operations The following table presents our Statements of Operations data, expressed as a percentage of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

In thousands, except percentages 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Digital product sales 

20,386 

94.1 

9,418 

83.0 

Digital product lease and maintenance 

1,275 

5.9 

1,932 

17.0 

Total revenues 

21,661 

100.0 

11,350 

100.0 

Cost of revenues: 

Cost of digital product sales 

18,196 

84.0 

11,896 

104.8 

Cost of digital product lease and maintenance 

547 

2.5 

612 

5.4 

Total cost of revenues 

18,743 

86.5 

12,508 

110.2 

Gross profit (loss) from operations 

2,918 

13.5 

(1,158) 

(10.2) 

General and administrative expenses 

(3,307) 

(15.3) 

(3,075) 

(27.1) 

Operating loss 

(389) 

(1.8) 

(4,233) 

(37.3) 

Interest expense, net 

(410) 

(1.9) 

(578) 

(5.1) 

Gain (loss) on foreign currency remeasurement 

191 

0.9 

(18) 

(0.2) 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

- 

- 

77 

0.7 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

824 

3.8 

- 

- 

Pension benefit (expense) 

142 

0.7 

(181) 

(1.6) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

358 

1.7 

(4,933) 

(43.5) 

Income tax expense 

(35) 

(0.2) 

(35) 

(0.3) 

Net income (loss) 

323 

1.5 

(4,968) 

(43.8) 

2022 Compared to 2021 Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 10.3 million or 116.5 to 21.7 million from 11.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in Digital product sales, partially offset by a decrease in Digital lease and maintenance revenues. Digital product sales revenues increased 11.0 million or 116.5 to 20.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 9.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the large rebound in 2022 from the onset of the coronavirus pandemic in 2020. Digital product lease and maintenance revenues decreased 657,000 or 34.0 to 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the continued expected revenue decline in the older outdoor display equipment rental and maintenance bases acquired in the early 1990s. The financial services market continues to be negatively impacted by the current investment climate resulting in consolidation within that industry and the wider use of flat-panel screens for smaller applications. Total operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 3.8 million to 389,000 from 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, principally due to the increase in revenues and a decrease in the cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues, partially offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses. Digital product sales operating income (loss) increased 4.7 million to income of 394,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a loss of 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in revenues and a decrease in the cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues. The cost of Digital product sales increased 6.3 million or 53.0 , primarily due to the increase in revenues. The cost of Digital product sales represented 89.3 of related revenues in 2022 compared to 126.3 in 2021. General and administrative expenses for Digital product sales decreased slightly. Digital product lease and maintenance operating income decreased 483,000 or 37.7 to 799,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the reduction in revenues. The cost of Digital product lease and maintenance decreased 65,000 or 10.6 , primarily due to a decrease in depreciation expense. The cost of Digital product lease and maintenance revenues represented 42.9 of related revenues in 2022 compared to 31.7 in 2021. The cost of Digital product lease and maintenance includes field service expenses, plant repair costs, maintenance and depreciation. General and administrative expenses for Digital product lease and maintenance decreased 109,000, primarily due to a decrease in bad debt expenses. 12 

Table of Contents Corporate general and administrative expenses increased 352,000 or 28.6 to 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in employee expenses, partially offset by a decrease in consulting expense. Net interest expense decreased 168,000 or 29.1 to 410,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 578,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in the interest rate on the revolving credit loan, partially offset by an increase in the average outstanding long-term debt. There was no extinguishment of debt in the year ended December 31, 2022. The gain on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021 represented the gain on the extinguishment of 50,000 of Notes. The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was an expense (benefit) of 9.8 and (0.7) , respectively. In both 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized income tax expense of 35,000. The income tax expense in 2022 and 2021 is affected by income tax expense related to the Company s Canadian subsidiary and the valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets as a result of reporting pre-tax losses. Liquidity and Capital Resources Current Liquidity The Company has incurred recurring operating losses and continues to have a working capital deficiency. The Company recorded income of 323,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, which included the gain on forgiveness of the PPP loan of 824,000, and had a working capital deficiency of 9.3 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a working capital deficiency of 9.8 million. The decrease in the working capital deficiency as compared to December 31, 2021 is primarily due to increases in inventory and receivables, as well as a decrease in customer deposits, partially offset by decreases in prepaids and other assets and cash, as well as a decrease in accounts payable and the current portion of long-term debt. The Company is dependent on future operating performance in order to generate sufficient cash flows in order to continue to run its businesses. Future operating performance is dependent on general economic conditions, as well as financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. In order to more effectively manage its cash resources, the Company had, from time to time, increased the payment timetable of some of its payables, which had, from time to time, delayed certain product deliveries from our vendors, which in turn had, from time to time, delayed certain deliveries to our customers. The recent cash infusions have resolved these previous issues. Management believes there is substantial doubt as to whether we will have adequate liquidity, including access to the debt and equity capital markets, to operate our business over the next 12 months from the date of issuance of this Form 10-K. The Company continually evaluates the need and availability of long-term capital to meet its cash requirements and fund potential new opportunities. The Company used cash for operating activities of 2.0 million and 137,000 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has implemented several initiatives to improve operational results and cash flows over future periods, including reducing headcount, reorganizing its sales department and outsourcing certain administrative functions. The Company continues to explore ways to reduce operational and overhead costs. The Company periodically takes steps to reduce the cost to maintain the digital products on lease and maintenance agreements. Cash and cash equivalents decreased 476,000 in 2022. The decrease is primarily attributable to cash used in operating activities of 2.0 million and purchases of equipment of 18,000, partially offset by proceeds from long-term debt borrowings of 1.1 million and refund proceeds from loan forgiveness of 453,000. The current economic environment has increased the Company s trade receivables collection cycle, and its allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable, but collections continue to be favorable. Under various agreements, the Company is obligated to make future cash payments in fixed amounts. These include payments under the Company s long-term debt agreements, payments to the Company s pension plan, warranty liabilities and rental payments required under operating lease agreements. The Company has both variable and fixed interest rate debt. Interest payments are projected based on actual interest payments incurred in 2022 until the underlying debts mature. 13 

Table of Contents The following table summarizes the Company s fixed cash obligations as of December 31, 2022 over the next five fiscal years: In thousands 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Long-term debt, including interest 5,160 31 31 31 31 Pension plan payments - 702 364 323 298 Estimated warranty liability 301 93 67 55 38 Operating lease payments 452 146 149 152 13 Total 5,913 972 611 561 380 As of December 31, 2022, the Company still had outstanding 302,000 of Notes which matured as of March 1, 2012. The Company also still had outstanding 220,000 of Debentures which matured on December 1, 2012. The Company continues to consider future exchanges of the remaining Notes and Debentures, but has no agreements, commitments or understandings with respect to any further exchanges. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements Long-Term Debt for further details. The Company may still seek additional financing in order to provide enough cash to cover our remaining current fixed cash obligations as well as providing working capital. However, there can be no assurance as to the amounts, if any, the Company will receive in any such financing or the terms thereof. The Company has no agreements, commitments or understandings with respect to any such financings. To the extent the Company issues additional equity securities, it could be dilutive to existing shareholders. Pension Plan Contributions The minimum required pension plan contribution for 2022 was 138,000, which the Company fully contributed. At this time, there is no minimum contribution required in 2023. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements Pension Plan for further details. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements: The Company has no majority-owned subsidiaries that are not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements nor does it have any interests in or relationships with any special purpose off-balance sheet financing entities. Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statement that is not a statement of historical fact should be considered a forward-looking statement. We often use words or phrases of expectation or uncertainty like believe, anticipate, plan, expect, intent, project, future, may, will, could, would and similar words to help identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements regarding our future financial results, operating results, business strategies, projected costs, product development or future sales, competitive positions and plans and objectives of management for future operations. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. However, they are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, including the circumstances described in the section entitled Risk Factors in this report. Accordingly, our actual results or financial condition could differ materially and adversely from those discussed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The Company is subject to interest rate risk on its long-term debt. The Company manages its exposure to changes in interest rates by the use of variable and fixed interest rate debt. The fair value of the Company s fixed rate long-term debt is disclosed in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements Long-Term Debt. Every 1-percentage-point change in interest rates would result in an annual interest expense fluctuation of approximately 22,000. In addition, the Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk mainly as a result of investment in its Canadian subsidiary. A 10 change in the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a currency exchange expense fluctuation of approximately 248,000, based on dealer quotes, considering current exchange rates. The Company does not enter into derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and did not hold any derivative financial instruments at December 31, 2022. 14 

Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The following financial statements of Trans-Lux Corporation and its subsidiaries are included on the following pages: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 16 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 17 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 18 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 18 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 19 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 20 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 21 15 

Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Trans-Lux Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Trans-Lux Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ Marcum LLP ) We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. March 31, 2023 16 

Table of Contents 

TRANS-LUX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31 
 2022 

December 31 
 2021 

In thousands, except share data 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables, net 

Inventories 

Prepaids and other assets 

Total current assets 

Long-term assets: 

Rental equipment, net 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right of use assets 

Other assets 

Total long-term assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current lease liabilities 

Customer deposits 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Long-term lease liabilities 

Deferred pension liability and other 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Preferred Stock 

- 

- 

Preferred Stock Series A - stated value - shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding: in 2022 and 2021 

- 

- 

Preferred Stock Series B - stated value - shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding: in 2022 and 2021 

- 

- 

Common Stock - par value - shares authorized; shares issued: in 2022 and 2021; shares outstanding: in 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

) 

) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

) 

) 

Treasury stock - at cost - common shares in 2022 and 2021 

) 

) 

Total stockholders' deficit 

) 

) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

17 

Table of Contents TRANS-LUX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 12 Months Ended December 31 In thousands, except per share data 2022 2021 Revenues: Digital product sales Digital product lease and maintenance Total revenues Cost of revenues: Cost of digital product sales Cost of digital product lease and maintenance Total cost of revenues Gross income (loss) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) Operating loss ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) Gain (loss) on foreign currency remeasurement ) Gain on extinguishment of debt - Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan - Pension benefit (expense) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense ) ) Net income (loss) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 TRANS-LUX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 12 Months Ended December 31 In thousands 2022 2021 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized foreign currency translation (loss) gain ) Change in unrecognized pension costs Total other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive income (loss) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 18 

Table of Contents TRANS-LUX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Stock- holders' Deficit Preferred Stock Add'l Paid-in Capital Series A Series B Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock In thousands, except share data Shares Amt Shares Amt Shares Amt For the year ended December 31, 2022 Balance January 1, 2022 - - - - ) ) ) ) Net income - - - - - - - - - Issuance of options - - - - - - - - - Other comprehensive (loss) gain, net of tax: Unrealized foreign currency translation loss - - - - - - - - ) - ) Change in unrecognized pension costs - - - - - - - - - Balance December 31, 2022 - - - - ) ) ) ) For the 12 months ended December 31, 2021 Balance January 1, 2021 - - - - ) ) ) ) Net loss - - - - - - - ) - - ) Other comprehensive gain, net of tax: Unrealized foreign currency translation gain - - - - - - - - - Change in unrecognized pension costs - - - - - - - - - Balance December 31, 2021 - - - - ) ) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

TRANS-LUX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

12 Months Ended 
 December 31 

In thousands 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

) 

- 

Amortization of deferred financing fees and debt discount 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

- 

) 

(Gain) loss on foreign currency remeasurement 

) 

Amortization of stock options 

- 

Bad debt expense 

) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

) 

) 

Inventories 

) 

Prepaids and other assets 

) 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

) 

Operating lease liabilities 

) 

) 

Customer deposits 

) 

Deferred pension liability and other 

) 

) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

) 

) 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

) 

- 

Net cash used in investing activities 

) 

- 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Proceeds from forgiveness of PPP loan 

- 

Payments of long-term debt 

- 

) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

- 

- 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

- 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

20 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements per depositor per financial institution. At times, the amount of the deposits exceeds the FDIC limits. The portion of the deposits in excess of FDIC limits represents a credit risk of the Company. The Company has cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Provisions ) Write-offs ) ) Balance at end of year of the balance in Accounts receivable, net. At December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for of the balance in Accounts receivable, net. In 2022, one customer accounted for of our total revenues. In 2021, no customers accounted for at least of our total revenues. Outdoor rental equipment Machinery, fixtures and equipment Leaseholds and improvements 21 

Table of Contents and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in Cost of digital product sales. and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in General and administrative expenses. 22 

Table of Contents in the year ended December 31, 2022, which included the gain on forgiveness of the PPP loan of , and had a working capital deficiency of million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a working capital deficiency of million. Large customized products - - Subtotal Digital product lease and maintenance: Operating leases Maintenance agreements Subtotal Total . 23 

Table of Contents to years. A contract entered into by the Company with a customer may contain both lease and maintenance services (either or both services may be agreed upon based on the individual customer contract). Maintenance services may consist of providing labor, parts and software maintenance as may be required to maintain the customer s equipment in proper operating condition at the customer s service location. The Company concluded the lease and maintenance services represent a series of distinct services and the most representative method for measuring progress towards satisfying the performance obligation of these services is the input method. Additionally, maintenance services require the Company to stand ready to provide support to the customer when and if needed. As there is no discernable pattern of efforts other than evenly over the lease and maintenance terms, the Company will recognize revenue straight-line over the lease and maintenance terms of service. Allowance for bad debts Net receivables Contract liabilities and , respectively. 24 

Table of Contents Performance obligations satisfied in previous periods (for example, due to changes in transaction price) - - million and digital product lease and maintenance was million. 

 , and of the remaining performance obligations over the next months, to months and or more months, respectively. at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which was included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The carrying amounts of cash equivalents, receivables and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short maturities of these items. The fair value of the Notes, using observable inputs, was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value of the Debentures, using observable inputs, was at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of the Company s remaining long-term debt including current portion approximates its carrying value of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

Work-in-progress 

- 

- 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

25 

Table of Contents Less accumulated depreciation Net rental equipment million of fully depreciated rental equipment was written off. Depreciation expense for rental equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Leaseholds and improvements Less accumulated depreciation Net property, plant and equipment million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are pledged as collateral under various financing agreements. and , respectively, of fully depreciated property, plant and equipment was written off. Depreciation expense for property, plant and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Deposits 

- 

- 

Total other assets 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

- 

- 

State and local 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Income tax expense 

million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 20 21, respectively. Income (loss) before income taxes from Canadian operations was million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. as follows: State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) PPP debt forgiven ) - Foreign income taxed at different rates ) ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Section 382 adjustment to deferred net operating loss ) Other ) Effective income tax expense (benefit) rate ) 26 

Table of Contents Net pension costs Allowance for bad debts Other Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred income tax liability: Depreciation Other Net deferred income taxes - - million, which began to expire in 2019. Additionally, net operating losses created after 2020 do not expire. The operating loss carryforwards have been limited by changes in ownership of the Company in 2012 and 2019 as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The change in ownership as of June 26, 2012 limited our operating loss carryforwards at that time to per year aggregating million. The change in ownership as of April 10, 2019 limited our operating loss carryforwards at that time to per year aggregating million. Losses subsequent to April 10, 2019 have increased the operating loss carryforwards. Carryforward losses of have expired as of December 31, 2022. Interest payable Warranty reserve Deferred revenues Compensation and employee benefits Audit fees Current portion of pension liability (see Note 15 Pension Plan) - Other Provisions Deductions ) ) Balance at end of year of the Company s outstanding Common Stock and beneficially owns of the Company s outstanding Common Stock. In connection with the Unilumin Guarantee in the CMA, the Company issued warrants (the Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock to Unilumin USA at an exercise price of per share. The Warrants are exercisable until June 4, 2024. The Company calculated the fair value of the Warrants as utilizing the Black-Scholes method, using a volatility of and a risk free rate of . The Company recorded the entire expense of in general and administrative expenses at the date of issuance, so there were no related expenses recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 27 

Table of Contents 9 Subordinated debentures due 2012 Revolving credit line related party Term loans related party Term loans Total debt Less deferred financing costs and debt discount - Net debt Less portion due within one year Net long-term debt - - million at an interest rate of the Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal plus at December 31, 2022) on a revolving credit loan based on accounts receivable, inventory and equipment for general working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the balance outstanding under the Loan Agreement was million. The Loan Agreement also requires the payment of certain fees, including a facility fee, an unused credit line fee and a collateral monitoring charge. The Loan Agreement contains financial and other covenant requirements, including financial covenants that require the Company to attain certain EBITDA amounts for certain periods, including the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company was not in compliance with this covenant. The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. from Lender under the EIDL Program. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was outstanding. The loan matures on and carries an interest rate of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued and , respectively, of interest related to the Loan Note, which is included in Accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. from Lender under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP included in the SBA s CARES Act. In January 2022, the loan was forgiven in full and the payments that had previously been paid were refunded. loan from Carlisle Investments Inc. Carlisle at a fixed interest rate of , which matured on with a bullet payment of all principal due at such time. Interest is payable monthly. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the entire amount was outstanding and is included in current portion of long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued and , respectively, of interest related to this loan, which are included in accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Marco Elser, a former director of the Company, exercises voting and dispositive power as investment manager of Carlisle. loan from Carlisle at a fixed interest rate of , which matured on with a bullet payment of all principal due at such time (the Second Carlisle Agreement ). Interest is payable monthly. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the entire amount was outstanding and is included in current portion of long-term debt Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued and , respectively, of interest related to this loan, which are included in accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Under the Second Carlisle Agreement, the Company granted a security interest to Carlisle in accounts receivable, materials and intangibles relating to a certain purchase order for equipment issued in April 2017. of Notes. The Notes matured as of March 1, 2012 and are currently in default. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued and , respectively, of interest related to the Notes, which is included in Accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The trustee, by notice to the Company, or the holders of 25 of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare the outstanding principal plus interest due and payable immediately. On January 15, 2021, holders of of the Notes accepted the Company s offer to exchange each of principal, forgiving any related interest, for in cash, for an aggregate payment by the Company of . As a result of the transaction, the Company recorded a gain on the extinguishment of debt, net of expenses, of in 2021. 28 

Table of Contents of Debentures. The Debentures matured as of December 1, 2012 and are currently in default. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued and , respectively, of interest related to the Debentures, which is included in Accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The trustee, by notice to the Company, or the holders of 25 of the principal amount of the Debentures outstanding, by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare the outstanding principal plus interest due and payable immediately. -year lease period at an initial annual rental of approximately . On June 21, 2016, the Company entered into a lease for a manufacturing facility in Hazelwood, Missouri for a -year lease period at an initial annual rental of approximately . On December 23, 2019, the Company entered into a lease for office space in Urbandale, Iowa for a -year lease period, which was not renewed as of the end of the first term on December 31, 2022. Rent expense aggregated and for the ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. to years or more. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The primary leases we enter into with initial terms of 12 months or less are for equipment. Current lease liabilities Non-current lease liabilities Total lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate Future minimum lease payments: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter - Total Less: Imputed interest Total lease liabilities Less: Current lease liabilities Long-term lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. There was no short-term lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total operating lease expense and short-term lease expense was and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 29 

Table of Contents shares of preferred stock as of December 31, 2022, of which (i) shares were designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which were outstanding, (ii) shares were designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock SBCPS ), none of which were outstanding, and (iii) shares were not yet designated. The undesignated preferred stock would contain such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as may be fixed by our Board of Directors. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. million and million of unrecognized pension costs at December 31, 2022 and 20 21, respectively, and and of unrealized foreign currency translation gains at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

) 

Actuarial gain 

- 

Translation gain 

- 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

) 

) 

Actuarial gain 

- 

Translation loss 

- 

) 

) 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

) 

) 

of service and are based on years of service and final average salary. The Company s general funding policy is to contribute at least the required minimum amounts sufficient to satisfy regulatory funding standards, but not more than the maximum tax-deductible amount. The benefit service under the pension plan had been frozen since 2003 and, accordingly, there was no service cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In 2009, the compensation increments were frozen, and accordingly, no additional benefits are being accrued under the plan. For 2022 and 2021, the accrued benefit obligation of the plan exceeded the fair value of plan assets, due primarily to the plan s investment performance and updates to actuarial longevity tables. The Company s obligations under its pension plan exceeded plan assets by million at December 31, 2022. Fixed income funds Fixed income funds Total Level 1 Level 2 - - Level 3 - - Total pension plan assets 30 

Table of Contents 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

) 

) 

Settlements 

- 

) 

Benefits paid 

) 

) 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

) 

Company contributions 

Settlements 

- 

) 

Benefits paid 

) 

) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status (underfunded) 

) 

) 

Amounts recognized in other accumulated comprehensive loss: 

Net actuarial loss 

Weighted average assumptions as of December 31: 

Discount rate: 

Components of cost 

Benefit obligations 

Expected return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is determined based on long-term historical performance of plan assets, current asset allocation and projected long-term rates of return. of actuarial losses to pension expense. The accumulated benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The minimum required contribution in 2023 is expected to be , which is included in Accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The long-term pension liability is million and is included in Deferred pension liability and other in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. , which the Company fully contributed. There are no minimum required contributions owed to the pension benefit plan in 2023. If we are unable to fulfill our related obligations, the implementation of any such enforcement remedies would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 

Expected return on plan assets 

) 

) 

Recognized loss due to settlements 

- 

Amortization of net actuarial loss 

Net periodic pension (benefit) cost 

) 

Net actuarial loss ) ) Recognized loss ) ) Balance at end of year shares to executives and employees at an exercise price of per share, which become vested on March 28, 2023. The options were valued at the grant date using the Black-Scholes model with the following inputs: expiration date ; risk-free rate of return ; and volatility . shares of Common Stock were available for grant under the Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. 31 

Table of Contents 

- 

N/A 

Authorized 

- 

- 

- 

Expired 

- 

- 

- 

Granted 

- 

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 

Authorized 

- 

- 

- 

Expired 

- 

- 

- 

Granted 

- 

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

after the date of grant and the optionee must be a director of the Company at the time of exercise, except in certain cases as permitted by the Compensation Committee. Exercise periods are for from the date of grant and terminate at a stipulated period of time after an optionee ceases to be a director. At December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding options to purchase shares. stock options to certain employees on March 28, 2022. The options vested on March 28, 2023 and are exercisable until March 28, 2026 at a price of per share. ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding- basic Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share ) dividends accumulated on the Company s SBCPS. million and million shares of Common Stock, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share because their impact would have been anti-dilutive. of the Company s Common Stock and beneficially owns of the Company s Common Stock. Nicholas J. Fazio, Yang Liu and Yantao Yu, each directors of the Company, are each directors and/or officers of Unilumin. Mr. Fazio and Mr. Yu are both executive officers of the Company, but have not yet been added to the Company s payroll as of December 31, 2022; they have been compensated by Unilumin, with no charge to the Company. In 2023, Mr. Fazio and Mr. Yu were added to the Company s payroll at annual rates of compensation of and , respectively. The Company purchased million and million of product from Unilumin in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount payable by the Company to Unilumin, including accounts payable, accrued interest and long-term debt, was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In connection with the Unilumin Guarantee in the CMA, the Company issued Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock to Unilumin USA at an exercise price of per share (see Note 11). The Company occupies space in a New York office that is leased by Unilumin at no cost. 32 

Table of Contents reportable business segments: Digital product sales and Digital product lease and maintenance. Both design and produce large-scale, multi-color, real-time digital products. Both operating segments are conducted on a global basis, primarily through operations in the United States. The Company also has operations in Canada. The Digital product sales segment sells equipment and the Digital product lease and maintenance segment leases and maintains equipment. Corporate general and administrative items relate to costs that are not directly identifiable with a segment. There are no intersegment sales. of the Company s revenues for 2022 and 2021. The foreign operation does not manufacture its own equipment; the domestic operation provides the equipment that the foreign operation leases or sells. The foreign operation operates similarly to the domestic operation and has similar profit margins. Foreign assets are immaterial. 

Digital product lease maintenance 

Total revenues 

Operating income (loss): 

Digital product sales 

) 

Digital product lease maintenance 

Corporate general and administrative expenses 

) 

) 

Total operating loss 

) 

) 

Interest expense, net 

) 

) 

Gain (loss) on foreign currency 
 remeasurement 

) 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

- 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

- 

Pension benefit (expense) 

) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

) 

Income tax expense 

) 

) 

Net income (loss) 

) 

Assets: 

Digital product sales 

Digital product lease 
 maintenance 

Total identifiable assets 

General corporate 

Total assets 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Digital product sales 

Digital product lease 
 maintenance 

General corporate 

Total depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures: 

Digital product sales 

- 

Digital product lease 
 maintenance 

- 

- 

General corporate 

- 

- 

Total capital expenditures 

- 

33 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Accounting Officer (our principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). As a result of this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management (including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer) to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer have concluded these disclosure controls are effective as of December 31, 2022. (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred in the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. (c) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. The Company s management assessed its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013). Management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Accounting Officer, based on their evaluation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)), have concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 34 

Table of Contents ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE OF FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws the Company, the Board of Directors is divided into three separate classes of directors. The directors of the Corporation, their ages and the expiration of their respective terms are as follows: Name Age Expiration of Term Nicholas J. Fazio 43 2022 Yang Liu 33 2023 Yantao Yu 47 2022 Salvatore J. Zizza 77 2021 Directors: Nicholas J. Fazio was appointed a director of the Company on November 19, 2018. Mr. Fazio was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation on September 17, 2020, and previously was appointed Interim Chief Executive Officer on April 14, 2020. Mr. Fazio has been Director and Chief Executive Officer of Unilumin USA since 2017. Previously, he was Senior Product Manager for Christie Digital Systems USA from 2014 to 2017 and Vice President of Engineering of McCann Systems from 1997 to 2014. Mr. Fazio s strong business knowledge and extensive history and resources in the LED display arena allow him to provide valuable contributions to the Board. Yang Liu was appointed a director of the Company on November 19, 2018. Mr. Liu has been Director of Unilumin Sports since 2016. Previously, he was Director of Unilumin Visual from 2016 to 2017, Sales Manager of the Unilumin Amsterdam sales office from 2014 to 2016, and Sales Engineer for Unilumin Benelux from 2011 to 2013. Mr. Liu s strong business knowledge and extensive history and resources in the LED display arena allow him to provide valuable contributions to the Board. Yantao Yu was elected as a director of the Company on July 30, 2019. Mr. Yu was appointed Chief Operating Officer of the Company on August 1, 2021. Mr. Yu has been the Chief Financial Officer of Unilumin USA since September 2018. With over 25 years of financial experience, his background includes positions as Senior Accountant and/or Controller of The Quaker Oats Company; Bostik China (a subsidiary of Total S.A [TOT]); Eton Electric; and Airwell Air-conditioning Technology (China) Co., Ltd. and Airwell Fedders North America Inc (subsidiaries of Elco Holdings, Ltd. [TASE: ELCO]). From 1994 through 2012, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Lover Group and served as its Secretary of the Board from 2013 through August 2018. Mr. Yu holds an Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) degree from the University of Minnesota and his professional certifications include CPA, CGA, CMA and FCCA. Mr. Yu s extensive financial experience allows him to provide valuable contributions to the Board. Salvatore J. Zizza has served as an independent director since December 2009 and was elected Chairman of the Board (a non-executive position) of the Company on September 28, 2018. He had served as Vice Chairman of the Board (a non-executive position) of the Company since September 29, 2010. He currently serves as the Chairman of Zizza Associates, LLC. and previously served as Chairman of Bethlehem Advanced Materials until 2018. Additionally, Mr. Zizza serves as a Director of GAMCO Westwood Funds. He has been an Independent Trustee of GAMCO Global Gold, Natural Resources Income Trust by Gabelli since November 2005 and serves as a Director/trustee of 26 funds in the fund complex of Gabelli Funds, LLC. He had been Director of General Employment Enterprises Inc. from 2010 until 2012 and has been an Independent Trustee of Gabelli Dividend Income Trust since 2003. Mr. Zizza has been Independent Director of Gabelli Convertible Income Securities Fund Inc. since April 24, 1991 and has been a Director of Gabelli Equity Trust, Inc. since 1986 and a Trustee of Gabelli Utility Trust since 1999. Mr. Zizza has previously served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of General Employment Enterprises Inc. from December 23, 2009 until December 26, 2012. Mr. Zizza had served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Bion Environmental Technologies Inc. from January 13, 2003 until December 31, 2005. He served as Lead Independent Director of Hollis-Eden Pharmaceuticals from March 2006 to March 2009 and as a Director of Earl Scheib Inc. from March 1, 2004 to April 2009. Mr. Zizza received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and his Master of Business Administration in Finance from St. John's University, which also has awarded him an Honorary Doctorate in Commercial Sciences. Mr. Zizza s extensive experience and service to numerous other boards of directors allow him to provide valuable contributions to the Board. In addition, Mr. Zizza also serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee and is the audit committee financial expert as required under the rules of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 35 

Table of Contents Meetings of the Board of Directors and Certain Committees: The Board of Directors did not hold any meetings during 2022. All directors attended 75 or more of such meetings and of the committee meetings for which they were members. From time to time, the Board acts by Unanimous Written Consent. All directors attended the last Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2020. The Corporation does not have a formal policy regarding directors attendance at the Board meetings or the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, but strongly encourages and prefers that directors attend regular and special Board meetings as well as the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in person, although attendance by teleconference is considered adequate. The Corporation recognizes that attendance of the board members at all meetings may not be possible and excuses absences for good cause. There are currently no fees paid to board members. Fees for members of the Board and Committees are determined annually by the entire Board of Directors based on review of compensation paid by other similar size companies, the amounts currently paid by the Company, the overall policy for determining compensation paid to officers and employees of the Company and the general financial condition of the Company. Corporate Governance Policies and Procedures The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Guidelines (the Ethics Code that applies specifically to board members and executive officers. The Ethics Code is designed to promote compliance with applicable laws and regulations, to promote honest and ethical conduct, including full, fair, accurate and timely disclosure in reports and communications with the public. The Ethics Code is available for viewing on the Corporation s website at www.trans-lux.com. Any amendments to, or waivers from, the Ethics Code will be posted on the website. In addition, the Board of Directors adopted a Whistle Blowing policy, which provides procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Corporation regarding accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing matters, as well as the confidential, anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing practices. Corporate Leadership Structure The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate positions. Mr. Zizza serves as our Chairman and Mr. Fazio serves as our Chief Executive Officer. We separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in recognition of the differences between the two roles. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for setting our strategic direction and our day-to-day leadership and performance, while the Chairman of the Board provides guidance to the Chief Executive Officer and presides over meetings of the Board. We do not have a lead independent director. Risk Management Our Board of Directors and its Audit Committee are actively involved in risk management. Both the Board and Audit Committee regularly review the financial position of the Corporation and its operations, and other relevant information, including cash management and the risks associated with the Corporation s financial position and operations. The Board regularly receives reports from senior management on areas of material risk to our Company, including our liquidity, operational and legal and regulatory risks. Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee reviews our major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, and it also meets periodically with management to discuss policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. Communication with the Board of Directors Security holders are permitted to communicate with the members of the Board by forwarding written communications to the Corporation s Chief Accounting Officer at the Corporation s headquarters in New York, New York. The Chief Accounting Officer will present all communications, as received and without screening, to the Board at its next regularly scheduled meeting. 36 

Table of Contents Committees of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors has appointed a Compensation Committee, an Audit Committee, an Executive Committee and a Nominating Committee. Each committee operates under a charter approved by our Board. Copies of each committee s charter are posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.trans-lux.com . Compensation Committee The members of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors are Messrs. Fazio, Yu and Zizza, with Mr. Zizza serving as Chairman. The Compensation Committee operates under a formal written charter approved by the Compensation Committee and adopted by the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee reviews compensation and other benefits. The Compensation Committee did not hold any meetings in 2022. Messrs. Yu and Zizza are not and have not been an officer or employee of the Corporation. There are no Compensation Committee interlock relationships with respect to the Corporation. Members of the Compensation Committee do not receive any fees for their participation. Audit Committee Our Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Yu and Zizza, with Mr. Zizza serving as Chairman. Our Board has determined that Mr. Zizza is an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2022. Members of the Audit Committee do not receive any fees for their participation. Our Audit Committee s responsibilities include: appointing, compensating, retaining and overseeing the work of any public accounting firm engaged by us for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services; reviewing and discussing with management and the external auditors our audited financial statements; considering the effectiveness of our internal control system; reviewing and discussing with management the Company s major financial risk exposures and steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures and liabilities; establishing our policy regarding our hiring of employees or former employees of the external auditors and procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of accounting related complaints and concerns; meeting independently with our external auditors and management; reviewing and updating the Audit Committee Charter; and preparing the Audit Committee report required by the proxy rules of the SEC. Executive Committee The members of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors are Messrs. Fazio, Yu and Zizza. The Executive Committee operates under a formal written charter approved by the Committee and adopted by the Board of Directors. Mr. Zizza is independent, meeting the requirements of Section 952 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Mr. Zizza qualifies as a "non-employee director" for the purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and qualifies as an "outside director" for the purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended. The primary purpose of the Executive Committee is to provide the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with a confidential sounding board for insights and advice, and to provide the Board with a more active formal interface with management and its day to day policy and actions. Additionally, the secondary objective of the Executive Committee is to exercise the powers and authority of the Board, subject to certain limitations set forth in the charter, during the intervals between meetings of the Board, when, based on the business needs of the Company, it is desirable for the Board to meet but the convening of a special board meeting is not warranted as determined by the Chairman of the Board. It is the general intention that all substantive matters in the ordinary course of business be brought before the full Board for action, but the Board recognizes the need for flexibility to act on substantive matters where action may be necessary between Board meetings, which, in the opinion of the Chairman of the Board, should not be postponed until the next previously scheduled meeting of the Board. The Executive Committee held four meetings in 2022. Members of the Executive Committee do not receive any fees for their participation. 37 

Table of Contents Nominating Committee The members of the Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors are Messrs. Fazio, Yu and Zizza, with Mr. Fazio serving as Chairman. The Nominating Committee operates under a formal written charter approved by the Committee and adopted by the Board of Directors. The Nominating Committee recommends for consideration by the Board of Directors, nominees for election of directors at the Corporation s Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Director nominees are considered on the basis of, among other things, experience, expertise, skills, knowledge, integrity, understanding the Corporation s business and willingness to devote time and effort to Board responsibilities. The Nominating Committee did not hold any meetings in 2022. Members of the Nominating Committee do not receive any fees for their participation. The Nominating Committee does not have a separate policy regarding diversity of the Board. Corporate Governance Committee The Board of Directors has not established a corporate governance committee. The Board of Directors acts as the corporate governance committee. Independence of Non-Employee Directors While the Corporation s Common Stock is traded on the OTCQB, the Corporation follows the NYSE MKT Company Guide regarding the independence of directors. A director is considered independent if the Board of Directors determines that the director does not have any direct or indirect material relationship with the Corporation. Messrs. Liu, Yu and Zizza are non-employee directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Zizza is an independent director since they had no relationship with the Corporation other than their status and payment as non-employee directors and as stockholders. The Board of Directors has determined that its two Audit Committee members, Messrs. Yu and Zizza, are independent directors . Stockholder Communication with the Board The Board maintains a process for stockholders to communicate with the Board or with individual directors. Stockholders who wish to communicate with the Board or with individual directors should direct written correspondence to our Corporate Secretary at our Company s headquarters located at 254 West 31 st Street, 12 th Floor, New York, New York 10001. Any such communication must contain: a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of our capital stock; the name and address, as they appear on our books, of the stockholder sending such communication; and the class and number of shares of our capital stock that are beneficially owned by such stockholder. The Corporate Secretary will forward such communications to our Board or the specified individual director to whom the communication is directed unless such communication is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly inappropriate, in which case the Corporate Secretary has the authority to discard the communication or to take the appropriate legal action regarding such communication. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports The Corporation s executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders are required under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Copies of those reports must also be furnished to the Corporation. Based solely on a review of the copies of reports furnished to the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022, John Hammock and Yang Liu still needed to make their Form 3 filings, Salvatore Zizza still needed to make his Form 4 filing related to the warrants he received and Unilumin still needed to make their Form 4 filing related to the warrants they received. All of the Corporation s other executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders have complied with the Section 16(a) filing requirements. 38 

Table of Contents Executive Officers The Corporation s executive officers are as follows: Name Office Age Nicholas J. Fazio Chief Executive Officer 43 Yantao Yu Chief Operating Officer 47 John Hammock Senior Vice President and Chief Sales Marketing Officer 60 Todd Dupee Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 50 Mr. Fazio s and Mr. Yu s biographical information can be found at the beginning of Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Mr. Hammock became Senior Vice President and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer of the Corporation on September 28, 2018. He had been Chief Sales Officer since he had started with the Corporation in 2016. Mr. Hammock has extensive experience in international business development and sales with Fortune 500 accounts. Previously he was an Executive Vice President of Sales Marketing at Niagara Streaming Media. Mr. Hammock has held numerous high profile Senior Vice President roles in telecom, software and manufacturing companies including Newbridge Networks, Corvis and Voxpath Networks. As Vice President of Corvis, his team s sales efforts were responsible for 238 million during the two-year period preceding a successful 1.6 billion IPO. He has received numerous President Club and Circle of Excellence awards. Mr. Dupee became Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Corporation effective October 1, 2018. He had been Interim Chief Accounting Officer of the Corporation from April 26, 2018 until October 8, 2018 and Vice President of the Corporation from 2009 until October 8, 2018. He had previously been Controller since 2004 (except when he served as Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer from December 3, 2012 to May 29, 2014) and has been with the Corporation since 1994. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation of Executive Officers The following table provides certain summary information for the last two fiscal years of the Corporation concerning compensation paid or accrued by the Corporation and its subsidiaries to or on behalf of the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s two most highly compensated executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer: Summary Compensation Table Annual Compensation 

Name and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Change in 
 Pension Value 
 of Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings ) 

All Other 
 Compen- sation 
 ) (1) 

Total 
 ) 

Nicholas J. Fazio (2) 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

27,175 

- 

- 

- 

27,175 

Chief Executive 
 Officer 

2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

John Hammock 

2022 

208,394 

- 

- 

13,588 

- 

- 

- 

221,982 

Senior Vice President 
 and Chief Sales and 
 Marketing Officer 

2021 

182,434 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

182,434 

Todd Dupee 

2022 

151,591 

- 

- 

10,870 

- 

- 

6,000 

168,461 

Senior Vice President 
 and Chief Accounting Officer 

2021 

146,333 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

6,000 

152,333 

(1) See All Other Compensation for further details. (2) Mr. Fazio has compensated directly by Unilumin. 39 

Table of Contents All Other Compensation During 2022 and 2021, All Other Compensation consisted of director fees and other items. The following is a table of amounts per named individual: Name Year Director and/or Trustee Fees ) Other (1) ) Total All Other Compensation ) Nicholas J. Fazio 2022 - - - 2021 - - - John Hammock 2022 - - - 2021 - - - Todd Dupee 2022 - 6,000 6,000 2021 - 6,000 6,000 (1) Other consists of vehicle allowance. Stock Option Plans and Stock Options Defined Benefit Pension Plan In 2022, the Company made the minimum requirement contribution of 138,000 to the Company s defined benefit pension plan for all eligible employees and the eligible individuals listed in the Summary Compensation Table. The Company s defined benefit pension plan, prior to being frozen, covered all salaried employees over age 21 with at least one year of service who are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement to which the Company is a party. Retirement benefits are based on the final average salary for the highest five of the ten years preceding retirement. For example, estimated annual retirement benefits payable at normal retirement date, which normally is age 65, is approximately 15,000 for an individual with ten years of credited service and with a final average salary of 100,000; and approximately 120,000 for an individual with 40 years of credited service and with a final average salary of 200,000. Currently, 305,000 is the legislated annual cap on determining the final average annual salary and 265,000 is the maximum legislated annual benefit payable from a qualified pension plan. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2022 There were no unexercised options held by any of our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022. Employment Agreements The Corporation has no employment agreements with any employees. Potential Payments Upon Severance or Change in Control None. Director Compensation Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan The Board of Directors has previously established a Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan which, as amended, covers a maximum of 1,200 shares for grant. Such options are granted for a term of six years and are priced at fair market value on the grant date. The determination as to the amount of options to be granted to directors is based on years of service, and are calculated on a yearly basis as follows: a minimum of 20 stock options are granted for each director; an additional 20 stock options are granted if a director has served for five years or more; an additional 20 stock options are granted if a director has served for ten years or more; and an additional 40 stock options are granted if a director has served for twenty years or more. Such options are exercisable at any time upon the first anniversary of the grant date. The Corporation grants additional stock options upon the expiration or exercise of any such option if such exercise or expiration occurs no earlier than four years after date of grant, in an amount equal to the number of options that have been exercised or that have expired. 40 

Table of Contents Compensation of Directors The following table represents director compensation for 2022: Name Year Fees Earned ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Nicholas J. Fazio 2022 - - - - - - - Yang Liu 2022 - - - - - - - Yantao Yu 2022 - - - - - - - Salvatore J. Zizza 2022 - - - - - - - 41 

Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth information as of March 30, 2023 (or such other date specified) with respect to (A) the beneficial ownership of Common Stock or shares issuable within 60 days of such date by (i) each person known by the Corporation to own more than 5 of the Common Stock and who is deemed to be such beneficial owner of Common Stock under Rule 13d-3(a)(ii); (ii) each person who is a director of the Corporation; (iii) each named executive in the Summary Compensation Table and (iv) all persons as a group who are executive officers and directors of the Corporation, and (B) the percentage of outstanding shares held by them on that date: Name, Status and Mailing Address Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent Of Class ) 5 Stockholders : Unilumin North America Inc. 254 West 31 st Street New York, NY 10001 7,485,892 (1) 53.7 Gabelli Funds, LLC GAMCO Asset Management Inc. Teton Advisors, Inc One Corporate Center Rye, NY 10580-1434 4,092,500 (2) 30.4 Non-Employee Directors : Yang Liu - (3) Salvatore J. Zizza 624,970 (4) 4.5 Named Executive Officers : Nicholas J. Fazio 7,535,892 (3) (5) 53.8 Yantao Yu 50,000 (3) (5) John Hammock 35,000 (5) Todd Dupee 60,000 (5) All directors and executive officers as a group 8,160,862 (6) 56.9 Represents less than 1 of total number of outstanding shares. (1) Unilumin owns 6,985,892 shares, which is 52.0 of our outstanding shares. The stock ownership and percentage reflected in the above table also includes warrants to purchase 500,000 shares. (2) Based on Schedule 13D, as amended, dated November 25, 2020 by Mario J. Gabelli, Gabelli Funds, LLC, Teton Advisors, Inc., Gamco Investors, Inc., GGCP, Inc., and Gamco Asset Management Inc., which companies are parent holding companies and/or registered investment advisers. All securities are held as agent for the account of various investment company fund accounts managed by such reporting person. Except under certain conditions, Gabelli Funds, LLC has beneficial ownership of such shares. Based on such Schedule 13D amendment and Schedule 13G dated January 17, 2023, Gabelli Funds, LLC beneficially owns 1,625,000 shares of Common Stock, GAMCO Asset Management Inc. beneficially owns 102.500 shares of Common Stock and Teton Advisors, Inc. beneficially owns 2,365,000 shares of Common Stock. (3) Mr. Fazio is Director and Chief Executive Officer of Unilumin North America Inc., which owns 6,985,892 shares and has warrants to purchase 500,000 shares, so he may be deemed a beneficial owner of the shares owned by Unilumin North America Inc. Mr. Fazio has no pecuniary interest in these shares and disclaims any beneficial interest. The share ownership with respect to Messrs. Liu and Yu does not include the shares held by Unilumin North America Inc. (4) Mr. Zizza disclaims any interest in the shares set forth in footnote 2 above. This includes warrants to purchase 499,970 shares. (5) The share ownerships with respect to Messrs. Fazio, Yu, Hammock and Dupee include stock options to purchase 50,000, 50,000, 25,000 and 20,000 shares, respectively. (6) See footnotes 3, 4 and 5 above. 42 

Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan Information December 31, 2022 Securities to be issued upon exercise Weighted average exercise price Securities available for future issuance Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders - - 800 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Certain Transactions Except as described below, there has not been, nor is there currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or are a party in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of our total assets and in which any of our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements with directors and executive officers and the transactions described or referred to below. For a description of the Company s transactions with related parties, please see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements Related Party Transactions. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Independent Auditor Services: All audit services provided by Marcum LLP Marcum for 2022 and 2021 were approved by the Audit Committee in advance of the work being performed. Audit Fees : Marcum audit fees were 180,000 in 2022 and 180,000 in 2021. Marcum audit fees include fees and expenses associated with the annual audit of the Company s financial statements. Audit-Related Fees: Marcum did not provide any audit-related serviced services in 2022 or 2021. Tax Fees: Marcum did not provide any tax services in 2022 or 2021. All Other Fees : Marcum did not provide any non-audit services in 2022 or 2021. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 1 Consolidated Financial Statements of Trans-Lux Corporation: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as of December 31, 2022 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 2 Financial Statement Schedules: Not applicable. 3 Exhibits: 43 

Table of Contents 3(a) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K dated July 2, 2012). (b) Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed February 9, 2019). (c) Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Form 8-K filed March 9, 2012). 4(a) Indenture dated as of December 1, 1994 (form of said indenture is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6 of Schedule 13E-4 Amendment No. 2 filed December 23, 1994). (b) Indenture dated as of March 1, 2004 (form of said indenture is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 12(d) of Schedule TO filed March 2, 2004). (c) Description of the Company s securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act on 1934. 10.1 Form of Indemnity Agreement - Directors (form of said agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registration No. 333-15481). 10.2 Form of Indemnity Agreement - Officers (form of said agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registration No. 333-15481). 10.3 Amended and Restated Pension Plan dated January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 10-K filed March 29, 2016). 10.4 Promissory note in favor of Carlisle Investments Inc. Carlisle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Form 10-K/A filed April 29, 2016). 10.5 Credit Agreement with Carlisle dated as of November 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2017). 10.6 Loan and Security Agreement with MidCap Business Credit LLC dated as of September 16, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed September 20, 2019). 10.7 1st Modification Agreement to Loan and Security Agreement with MidCap Business Credit LLC dated as of June 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed June 9, 2020). 10.8 2nd Modification Agreement to Loan and Security Agreement with MidCap Business Credit LLC dated as of December 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed December 21, 2020). 10.9 Assignment Without Recourse of Loan Agreement with MidCap Business Credit LLC to Unilumin USA dated as of July 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 10-Q filed August 13, 2021). 
 10.10 1st Modification Agreement to Loan and Security Agreement with Unilumin USA dated as of March 20, 2023 and effective December 31, 2022, filed herewith. 
 
 10.11 Loan note with Enterprise Bank and Trust dated as of April 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed May 4, 2020). 10.12 Form of stock options granted March 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 10-K filed April 14, 2022). 21 List of Subsidiaries, filed herewith . 31.1 Certification of Nicholas J. Fazio, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 44 

Table of Contents 31.2 Certification of Todd Dupee, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 32.1 Certification of Nicholas J. Fazio, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith . 32.2 Certification of Todd Dupee, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith . 101 The following interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T from Trans-Lux Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 are formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as online XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 191. Furnished herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the interactive data files in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and is deemed not filed for purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 45 

Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized: 

TRANS-LUX CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/ Nicholas J. Fazio 

Nicholas J. Fazio 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 

/s/ Todd Dupee 

Todd Dupee 

Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

Trans-Lux Corporation, and each of the undersigned, do hereby appoint Nicholas J. Fazio and Todd Dupee, and each of them severally, its or his/her true and lawful attorney to execute on behalf of Trans-Lux Corporation and the undersigned any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission; each of such attorneys shall have the power to act hereunder with or without the other. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated: 

/s/ Salvatore J. Zizza 

March 31, 2023 

Salvatore J. Zizza, Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Nicholas J. Fazio 

March 31, 2023 

Nicholas J. Fazio, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Yang Liu 

March 31, 2023 

Yang Liu, Director 

/s/ Yantao Yu 

March 31, 2023 

Yantao Yu, Director and Chief Operating Officer 

/s/ Todd Dupee 

March 31, 2023 

Todd Dupee, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

46 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 tnlx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 3
 tnlx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 tnlx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 tnlx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 tnlx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-10.10>
 7
 exhibit10_10.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

Exhibit 10.10 Exhibit 10.10 LOAN AND sECURITY AGREEMENT THIS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of December 31, 2022, by and between Unilumin USA LLC, a Florida limited liability company Lender ), and Trans-Lux Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and Fairplay Corporation, an Iowa corporation (Trans-Lux Corporation and Fairplay Corporation each a Borrower and jointly, severally and collectively, Borrowers ). RECITALS A. Lender acquired a loan to Borrowers originally extended by MidCap Business Credit LLC pursuant to a Loan and Security Agreement dated September 16, 2019, a Revolving Time Note dated September 16, 2019, and other related documents MidCap Loan ). B. Lender extended other loans to Borrowers and, together with the MidCap Loan (collectively, the Loan ), the aggregate amount owed to Lender by Borrowers under the Loan as of the date hereof is 2,246,417.67 (the Loan Principal ). C. Lender and Borrowers wish to set forth the terms and conditions of Borrowers repayment of the Loan Principal and payment of accrued interest, as provided below. NOW THEREFORE, for consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Evidence of Indebtedness . The Loan will to be evidenced by this Agreement and a promissory note in the form attached as Exhibit A Promissory Note (together with this Agreement, the Loan Documents ). 2. Interest . Borrowers agrees to pay interest on the outstanding Loan Principal at the Prime Rate as published in The Wall Street Journal plus 4.75 per annum. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year. In no event shall Borrowers be obligated to pay any amount under this Agreement that exceeds the maximum amount allowable by law. If any sum is collected in excess of the applicable maximum amount allowable by law, the excess collected shall be applied to reduce the Loan Principal. 3. Security . As security for payment of Borrowers obligations hereunder, Trans-Lux Corporation hereby grants to Lender a security interest in and to the collateral described in that certain Financing Statement File Number 2019 6210384 filed in the State of Delaware, and Fairplay Corporation grants to Lender a security interest in and to the collateral described in that certain Financing Statement File Number P19005819-5 filed in the State of Iowa (together, the Financing Statements ). Borrowers hereby authorize Lender at any time and from time to time to file continuations of such Financing Statements. 1 
 
 4. Payments . 4.1 Payment Schedule . Borrowers shall pay interest on the Loan Principal quarterly, as calculated in Lender s invoice to Borrower. Interest shall be due and payable on the first day of each calendar quarter, with the first interest payment due on April 1, 2023. Borrowers shall pay the entire Loan Principal and any accrued interest outstanding under the Loan on or before the 1 st anniversary of this Agreement. 4.2 Currency, Place and Dates of Payments . Payments shall be made in United States dollars at the offices of Lender or at such other place as Lender shall have designated by written notice to Borrowers. 4.3 Evidence of Repayment . Lender s records evidencing the dates and the amounts of all repayments of the Loan Principal and payments of interest on the Loan shall constitute prima facie evidence of payment. 4.4 Application of Payments . Payments under this Agreement may be applied by Lender to the indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement in any manner Lender deems appropriate. The priority of application elected by Lender on any one occasion shall not determine any such election in the future. 5. Representations and Warranties . Each Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Lender, which representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Agreement and continue so long as Borrowers are indebted to Lender under the Loan Documents, and until payment in full of the Loan: 5.1 Organization . Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and has the lawful power to own its properties and to engage in the business it conducts. 5.2 No Breach . The execution and performance of the Loan Documents will not immediately, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both: (a) Violate any law or result in a default under any contract, agreement, or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower or its property is bound; or (b) Result in the creation or imposition of any security interest in, or lien or encumbrance on, any of the assets of Borrower, except in favor of Lender. 5.3 Authorization . Borrower has the power and authority to incur and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and Borrower has taken all action necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents. 5.4 Validity . The Loan Documents when executed by Borrowers will be, legal, valid, binding, and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms. 6. Events of Default . An event of default Event of Default will be deemed to have occurred if: 2 
 
 6.1 Borrower fails to pay any amount when due under this Agreement and such amount remains unpaid for ten (10) days after the applicable due date; or 6.2 Borrower (i) applies for, or consents to, the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or liquidator of all or a substantial part of its assets, (ii) is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent, or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, (iii) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) files a petition or answer seeking reorganization or rearrangement with creditors, or to take advantage of any insolvency law, or (v) files an answer admitting the material allegations of, or default in answering any, petition filed in any bankruptcy, reorganization, or insolvency proceeding. 7. Rights in Event of Default . If an Event of Default occurs, Lender shall have, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies available to Lender under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, the following additional rights and remedies: 7.1 The right to deny to Borrowers any further loans; 7.2 The right, at the option of Lender, to declare, without notice, the entire Loan Principal and accrued interest, plus any fees and charges reasonably incurred by Lender under any of the Loan Documents, immediately due and payable; and 7.3 The right to charge interest on any amount outstanding under this Agreement at the Prime Rate as published in The Wall Street Journal plus 10 per annum. 8. Waiver and Release by Borrowers . To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Borrowers: 8.1 Waive notice and opportunity to be heard, after acceleration of the indebtedness evidenced by the Loan Documents , before exercise by Lender of any remedy or procedure permitted under the Loan Agreements or applicable law; 8.2 Waive presentment , demand for payment, notice of dishonor, and any and all other notices or demands in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, or enforcement of the Loan Documents; and 8.3 Release Lender and its managers, directors, officers, agents and employees from all claims for loss or damage caused by any act or omission in connection with the Loan Documents on the part of any of them except willful misconduct. 9. Miscellaneous . 9.1 Entire Agreement . The Loan Documents constitute the entire contract between the parties with respect to the subject matter of the Loan Documents and supersede all previous agreements and understandings between the parties with respect thereto, including all agreements and documents related to the MidCap Loan (other than the Financing Statements which, as assigned to Lender, remain in full force and effect). Except as explicitly permitted in the Loan Documents, Loan Documents may not be amended, changed or modified except by a writing duly executed by the parties. 3 
 
 9.2 Notices . Any notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be effective upon actual receipt when delivered by (a) registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (b) personal delivery, (c) an overnight courier of recognized reputation, or (d) transmission by e-mail or facsimile. 9.3 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 9.4 Attorneys Fees . In the event of legal action between the parties arising in connection with this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled receive its reasonable attorneys fees. 9.5 Assignment . Borrowers shall have no right to assign any of its rights or obligations under the Loan Documents without the prior written consent of Lender. 9.6 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, no other provision of this Agreement shall be affected thereby, and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable. 9.7 Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and do not interpret, limit or amplify the scope, extent or intent of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 9.8 Waiver . The failure of Lender at any time to enforce its rights under any provision of the Loan Documents shall not be construed as having created a custom in any way or manner contrary to specific provisions of the Loan Documents or as having in any way or manner modified or waived the same. All rights and remedies of Lender are cumulative and concurrent and the exercise of one right or remedy shall not be deemed a waiver or release of any other right or remedy . 9.9 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 9.10 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 4 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. Unilumin USA LLC By: __/s/ Emily Li____________ Name: Emily Li Title: Senior Accountant Trans-Lux Corporation By: __/s/ Todd Dupee________ Name: Todd Dupee Title: SVP CAO Fairplay Corporation By: _/s/ Todd Dupee_________ Name: Todd Dupee Title: SVP CAO 5 
 
 EXHIBIT A PROMISSORY NOTE 2,246,417.67 Effective as of December 31, 2022 For consideration received, the undersigned, Trans-Lux Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and Fairplay Corporation, an Iowa corporation (Trans-Lux Corporation and Fairplay Corporation each a Borrower and jointly, severally and collectively, Borrowers ), hereby promise to pay to Unilumin USA LLC, a Florida limited liability company Lender ), the principal sum of TWO MILLION TWO HUNDRED FORTY SIX THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED SEVENTEEN and 67/100 United States Dollars (US 2,246,417.67), plus interest, in accordance with the Loan Agreement between Borrowers and Lender of even date herewith Loan Agreement ). 1. Payments and Interest . Borrowers shall pay principal and interest in accordance with the Loan Agreement. 2. Prepayment . This Promissory Note may be prepaid, either in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty and without the prior consent of Lender, on the condition that Borrowers shall concurrently pay all accrued interest on the amount of principal outstanding at the time of each prepayment and any other charges then due. 3. Default . If an Event of Default occurs, Lender may exercise any rights and remedies as may be available to Lender at law or in equity and under the Loan Agreement. 4. Application of Payments . All payments made on this Promissory Note shall be applied first to any costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, Lender may have incurred in procuring Borrower's performance hereunder, then to the payment of any accrued interest, and the remainder of such payments shall be applied to the reduction of unpaid principal. All payments shall be made in currency of the United States of America without presentment or surrendering of this Promissory Note. Payments made by check will not be deemed made until good funds for such check are received by Lender. 5. Remedies Cumulative . The rights or remedies of Lender in connection with this Promissory Note shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued singly, successively, or together against Borrowers and any other funds held by Lender for the payment hereof or otherwise at the sole discretion of Lender. 6. Waiver . Borrower waives notice of nonpayment, diligence in collection, notice of commencement of suit, notice of protest, and protest of this Promissory Note and all other notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Promissory Note, and agrees that Borrower s liability will not be in any manner affected by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Lender. 6 
 
 7. Forbearance . Any forbearance of Lender in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or otherwise afforded by applicable law shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy. The acceptance by Lender of payment of any sum payable hereunder shall not be a waiver of Lender's right to either require prompt payment when due of all other sums payable hereunder or to declare a default for failure to make prompt payment. Lender shall at all times have the right to proceed against Borrowers in such order and in such manner as Lender may deem fit, without waiving any its rights. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right under this Promissory Note. 8. Governing Law . This Promissory Note shall be construed according to the laws of the State of New York. 9. Time . Time is of the essence with regard to the performance of the obligations of Borrowers under this Promissory Note and each and every term, covenant and condition herein by or applicable to Borrowers. 10. Assignment . This Promissory Note and the obligations of Borrowers hereunder may not be transferred or assigned without the prior written consent of Lender. Trans-Lux Corporation By: ___/s/ Todd Dupee______________ Name: Todd Dupee Title: SVP CAO Fairplay Corporation By: __/s/ Todd Dupee_______________ Name: Todd Dupee Title: SVP CAO 7 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21>
 8
 exhibit21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY A. As of December 31, 2022, the following are subsidiaries more than 50 owned (included in the consolidated financial statements): Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Percentage Owned Trans-Lux Canada Ltd. Canada 100 Trans-Lux Commercial Corporation Utah 100 Trans-Lux Display Corporation Delaware 100 Trans-Lux Energy Corporation Connecticut 100 Fairplay Corporation Iowa 100 Trans-Lux Investment Corporation Delaware 100 Trans-Lux Southwest Corporation New Mexico 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exhibit31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 EXHIBIT 31.1 TRANS-LUX CORPORATION CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Nicholas Fazio, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Trans-Lux Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. /s/ Nicholas Fazio Date: March 31, 2023 Nicholas Fazio Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exhibit31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 EXHIBIT 31.2 TRANS-LUX CORPORATION CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Todd Dupee, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Trans-Lux Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. /s/ Todd Dupee Date: March 31, 2023 Todd Dupee Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exhibit32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), I, Nicholas Fazio, Chief Executive Officer of Trans-Lux Corporation (the "Registrant"), do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge that: (1) The Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. This Certification accompanies this Form 10-K as an exhibit, but shall not be deemed as having been filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or as a separate disclosure document of the Registrant or the certifying officer. /s/ Nicholas Fazio Date: March 31, 2023 Nicholas Fazio Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 exhibit32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), I, Todd Dupee, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Trans-Lux Corporation (the "Registrant"), do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge that: (1) The Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. This Certification accompanies this Form 10-K as an exhibit, but shall not be deemed as having been filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or as a separate disclosure document of the Registrant or the certifying officer. /s/ Todd Dupee Date: March 31, 2023 Todd Dupee Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

