<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1036848_0001213900-23-025519.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6930686</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223667</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1309747</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1721886</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1750615</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1727329</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025519.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163114
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025519
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mega Matrix Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001036848
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		IRS NUMBER:				943263974
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13387
		FILM NUMBER:		23788321

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 CHAPIN AVE STE 310
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6503401888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 CHAPIN AVENUE SUITE 310
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AEROCENTURY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970610

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AEROMAX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025519.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_megamatrixcorp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered American Exchange LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed all documents and reports required to be fi led by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter (based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock as of such date, as
reported by the NYSE American Exchange) was million. Shares of common stock held by the registrant s officers and
directors and beneficial owners of 10 or more of the outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock have been excluded
from the calculation of this amount because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant; however, the treatment of
these persons as affiliates of the registrant for purposes of this calculation is not, and shall not be considered, a determination
as to whether any such person is an affiliate of the registrant for any other purpose. 

The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2023 was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: None. 

CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any statement in this report other than
statements of historical fact may be a forward-looking statement for purposes of these provisions, including any statements of our plans
and objectives for future operations, our future financial condition or economic performance (including known or anticipated trends),
and the assumptions underlying or related to the foregoing. Statements that include the use of terminology such as may, 
 will, expects, plans, anticipates, estimates, potential, 
 projected, intends, believes, or continue, or the negative thereof, or other
comparable terminology, are forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements in this report include
statements about the following matters, although this list is not exhaustive: 

the ongoing development
 of our staking as a services and our ability to continue development of crypto-related business model outside of the United States; 

the possibility that our new lines of businesses do not perform
 or operate as anticipated 

our ability to continue
 to be in compliance with the development of applicable regulatory regulations in connection with blockchain, digital asset and the
 crypto-related industry; 

the impact of certain industry
 trends on our performance; 

our ability and our customers 
 ability to comply with applicable government and regulatory requirements in the numerous jurisdictions in which we and our
 customers operate; 

our cyber vulnerabilities
 and the anticipated effects on us if a cybersecurity threat or incident were to materialize; 

general economic, market,
 political and regulatory conditions, including anticipated changes in these conditions and the impact of such changes on customer
 demand and other facets of our business; and 

the impact of any of the
 foregoing on the prevailing market price and trading volume of our common stock. 

All of our forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected or assumed by such forward-looking
statements. Among others, the factors that could cause such differences include: the ability to develop a new staking as a service business;
acceptance by our customers using our staking as a service business model; the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or any other
public health emergencies; our ability to raise debt or equity financing when needed on acceptable terms and in desired amounts, or at
all; any noncompliance by our customers, including payment obligations; any economic downturn or other financial crisis; any inability
to compete effectively with our better capitalized competitors; limited trading volume in our stock; potential changes in the legislative
and regulatory environment; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could affect our ability to continue successful
development of our digital assets staking business model; the possibility that we may not succeed in developing its new lines of businesses
due to, among other things, changes in the business environment, competition, changes in regulation, or other economic and policy factors;
and the possibility that the Company s new lines of business may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive
factors. In addition, we operate in a competitive and evolving industry in which new risks emerge from time to time, and
it is not possible for us to predict all of the risks it may face, nor can it assess the impact of all factors on its business or the
extent to which any factor or combination of factors could cause actual results to differ from expectations. As a result of these and
other potential risks and uncertainties, our forward-looking statements should not be relied on or viewed as predictions of future events. 

This cautionary statement should be read as qualifying
all forward-looking statements included in this report, wherever they appear. We urge you to consider the limitations on, and risks associated
with, forward-looking statements and not unduly rely on the accuracy of forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements and
descriptions of risks included in this report are made as of the date hereof based on information available to us as of the date hereof,
and except as required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement or risk for any reason.
You should, however, consult the risks and other disclosures described in the reports we file from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC after the date of this report for updated information. 

Use of Certain Defined
Terms 

On March 25, 2022, the Company changed its name
from AeroCentury Corp to Mega Matrix Corp. All references to the Company, or AeroCentury 
refers to AeroCentury Corp. together with its consolidated subsidiaries prior to March 25, 2022 and renamed Mega Matrix Corp. 
commencing on March 25, 2022. 

Except where the context otherwise requires
and for the purposes of this report only, references to: 

the Company, we, us, and
 our refer to the combined business of Mega Matrix Corp., formerly known as AeroCentury Corp, a Delaware corporation and
its consolidated subsidiaries, except where expressly noted otherwise or the context otherwise requires; 

Exchange Act 
 refers the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

JetFleet 
 refers to the Company s majority-owned subsidiary JetFleet Management Corp., a California corporation and formerly known
 as JetFleet Holding corporation. 

JV
 Company refers to the Company s majority-owned subsidiary Marsprotocol Technologies Pte. Ltd., a Singapore exempt
 private company limited by shares. 

SEC refers
 to the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act 
 refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SDP refers to the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary
Saving Digital Pte. Ltd., a Singapore exempt private company limited by shares; and 

StaaS refers
 to staking as a service. 

Discrepancies in any
table between the amounts identified as total amounts and the sum of the amounts listed therein are due to rounding. 

This annual report on
Form 10-K includes our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 17 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 17 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 17 

PART II 

18 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 18 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved ] 
 
 19 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 23 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 23 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 23 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 23 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 24 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevents Inspections 
 
 24 

PART III 
 
 25 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 25 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 28 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 31 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 32 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 32 

PART IV 
 
 33 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 
 33 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 35 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a Delaware
corporation incorporated in 1997. Through our emergence from bankruptcy on September 30, 2021, and new investors and management, we
became a holding company located in Palo Alto, California, with the following subsidiaries: Mega Metaverse Corp., a California
corporation, JetFleet Management Corp, a California corporation and formerly known as JetFleet Holding Corporation, Saving Digital
Pte. Ltd., a Singapore corporation, and Marsprotocol, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company. 

Previously, we have historically
provided leasing and financing services to regional airlines worldwide and have been principally engaged in leasing mid-life regional
aircraft to customers worldwide under operating leases and finance leases. In addition to leasing activities, we have also sold aircraft
from our operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies, and airlines. Our
operating performance was driven by the composition of its aircraft portfolio, the terms of its leases, and the interest rate of its debt,
as well as asset sales. 

Through Saving Digital
Pte. Ltd, our wholly-owned subsidiary, we are currently engaged in solo-staking and provide proof-of-stake technology tools in
Singapore for the Ethereum network. To a lesser extent, we are engaged in the provision of aircraft advisory and management services
since September 30, 2021. We are currently exploring other crypto-related business models
outside of the United States. 

Recent Developments 

On October
20, 2021, we set up Mega Metaverse Corp. Mega ), a wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in California. In December 2021,
we launched our NFT business in the metaverse ecosystem through Mega, and released our first NFT game Mano on March 25,
2022. Due to regulatory challenges, the Company decided to suspend the Mano game and the alSpace platform, and on November 4, 2022,
we discontinued the Mano game and the alSpace platform. 

On January 1, 2022, JetFleet Management Corp. JMC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of JetfFleet Holding Corporation JHC ), was merged with and into JHC, with
JHC being the surviving entity. As part of the merger, JHC changed its name to JetFleet Management Corp Jetfleet ). 

Effective March 25, 2022, we changed our name from Aerocentury Corp.
to Mega Matrix Corp. (the Name Change to better reflect our expansion into Metaverse and the NFT gaming business. In connection
with the Name Change, we changed our ticker symbol from ACY to MTMT on the NYSE American Exchange, which became
effective on March 28, 2022. 

On August 31, 2022, we acquired all of the equity
interest in Saving Digital Pte, Ltd., a Singapore corporation SDP with no operations and approximately 3,800 in cash,
from our chairman Yucheng Hu for a nominal consideration of 10,000. 

On
December 7, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement related to a proposed
merger transaction with MarsProtocol Inc., an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our wholly-owned
subsidiary MTMT Cayman for the purpose of
redomiciling the corporation from Delaware to the Cayman Islands. The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth therein, we will merge with and into MTMT Cayman (the Redomicile Merger ), with MTMT Cayman being the
surviving company in the Redomicile Merger. Following the Redomicile Merger, MTMT Cayman, together with its subsidiaries, will own and
continue to conduct our business in substantially the same manner as is currently being conducted by us and our subsidiaries. The Merger
Agreement contains customary closing conditions, including, among others, approval of the Redomicile Merger by our stockholders, the effectiveness
of the registration statement on Form F-4 filed by MTMT Cayman related to the Redomicile Merger and receipt of required regulatory approvals.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, our Board of Directors (the Board may exercise its discretion to terminate the Merger
Agreement, and therefore abandon the Redomicile Merger, at any time prior to the effective time, including after the adoption of the Merger
Agreement by the Company s stockholders. As of the date of this report, the Merger Agreement has not been adopted by our stockholders
and we have not yet set a date for a special meeting of stockholders seeking such approval. 

Effective February 6, 2023, we changed our ticker
symbol from MTMT to MPU on the NYSE American Exchange to more closely align with our MarsProtocol brand for
our digital assets staking business. 

On March 1, 2023, in connection
with a newly formed joint venture, SDP and Bit Digital Singapore Pte. Ltd. Bit Digital entered into a shareholders 
agreement (the Shareholders Agreement with Marsprotocol Technologies Pte. Ltd. (the JV Company ), to provide
staking technology tools in digital assets through the staking platform MarsProtocol, an individual and institutional grade
designed staking platform (the Joint Venture ). Pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement, SDP will own 60 and Bit Digital
will own 40 of the JV Company. 

Business of the Company 

Through SDP, we are engaged
in solo-staking and as a provider proof-of-stake technology tools in Singapore for the Ethereum network, and we plan to continue exploring
other crypto-related business models outside of the United States. In addition, to a lesser extent, we are engaged in the provision of
aircraft advisory and management services since September 30, 2021 through JetFleet. 

1 

On September 19, 2022, SDP purchased 37 Ether (ETH) for the purpose
of exploring Ethereum staking opportunities following the transition by Ethereum on September 15, 2022 from proof-of-work (PoW) to a proof-of-stake
(PoS) consensus mechanism referred to as the Merge. Prior to the Merge, Ethereum utilized a PoW validation method for digital
asset transactions. Following the Merge, Ethereum shifted to a PoS validation system where validators stake their ETH into a smart contract
on Ethereum to serve as collateral that can be destroyed if the validator behaves dishonestly or lazily. The validator (selected randomly)
is then responsible for processing the blockchain transactions, storing data and adding new blocks to the blockchain. Validators receives
a transaction fee on their staked coins in ETH as a reward for their active participation in the network. To become a validator on Ethereum,
a participant must stake 32 ETH. Till quarter ending December 31, 2022, SDP explored Solo-Staking by staking 160 ETH to become five (5)
validators to Ethereum to earn ETH rewards and yield. Solo-Staking enables SDP to utilize its ETH treasury to stake on the Ethereum beacon
chain and to earn ETH-denominated rewards directly from the Ethereum protocol. 

Through MarsProtocol, the Joint Venture will seek
to provide non-custodial staking tools whereby users private keys are not stored in its database to ensure the safety of its users 
digital assets. As of the date of this report, such services will not be available to U.S. residents. 

The following diagram summarizes our MarsProtocol StaaS Platform: 

The Joint Venture will provide our customers with a right-of-way to access our MarsProtocol platform after they
have completed the registration process and the know-your-customer (KYC) verification process. Once registered, the customer can connect
their third-party trusted wallet with the nodes to stake their ETH on the Ethereum beacon chain to earn ETH-denominated rewards directly
from the Ethereum protocol. Customers can review their transactions and rewards each node produces through the asset dashboard. The Joint
Venture or the Marsprotocol platform will not have any access to the Customer s digital wallet. All decisions to stake will be made
by the customer. 

Our
belief that the ETH and other digital assets that we hold are not securities based
on a risk assessment and not a legal standard nor binding on the SEC or any other regulators. If USDC, USDT, or ETH are deemed to be securities
under the laws of any U.S. federal, state, or foreign jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of law or otherwise, it may have adverse
consequences for such digital asset. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business A particular
digital asset s status, such as an ETH, as a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of
uncertainty and if a regulator disagrees with our characterization of the ETH and other stable cryptocurrencies, we may be subject to
regulatory scrutiny, investigation, fines and penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
A determination that an ETH or stable cryptocurrencies is a security may adversely affect the value of those ETH, stable
cryptocurrencies and our business. 

Competition 

Staking as a Services
(StaaS) providers offer a convenient and accessible way for users to stake their ETH without having to go through the technical process
of running their own staking nodes. These providers typically charge a fee for their services, which can vary depending on the provider
and the level of service offered. 

The market for Ethereum
StaaS is relatively new, but it is already competitive, with several providers vying for market share. Some of the larger competitors
in this space include Coinbase, Binance, Kraken, and Bitfinex, which may have better established names, have a broader range of crypto
related services, and have larger capital resources. 

Competition in the StaaS
market is primarily driven by factors such as the fee structure, reliability and uptime of the staking nodes, the user interface and user
experience of the platform, and the level of customer support provided. Providers may also differentiate themselves by offering additional
features such as staking pools, which allow users to pool their Ethereum with other stakers to increase their chances of earning rewards. 

As the Ethereum network
continues to evolve and attract more users, it is likely that the StaaS market will become even more competitive, with new providers entering
the market and existing providers expanding their offerings to stay ahead of the competition. 

2 

Ethereum Rewards 

From the inception of our
solo-staking business in October 2022 through December 31, 2022, we earned an aggregate of 1.5 ETH as rewards. 

The following table presents our ETH activities for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Number of ETH 
 Amount (1) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Receipt of ETH as staking reward 
 1.5 
 1,800 
 
 Exchange of cash and stable coins into ETH 
 300.7 
 396,500 
 
 Borrowings of ETH from a third party 
 32.0 
 41,600 
 
 Payment of charges 
 (0.0 
 (100 
 
 Impairment of ETH 
 - 
 (70,600 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 334.2 
 369,200 

(1) Receipt
of digital assets from staking reward are the product of the number of ETH received multiplied by the ETH price obtained from Coinmarketcap,
calculated on a daily basis. Sales of digital assets are the actual amount received from sales. 

In addition, through our 51.0 ownership in JetFleet as of December
31, 2022, we will continue to focus on third-party management service contracts for aircraft operations. We believe that as passive investor
interest in aircraft assets has increased, there has been increasing demand from aircraft investors for professional third-party aircraft
leasing and portfolio management. We intend to take advantage of our reputation, experience and expertise in this aircraft management
area. JetFleet conducts all of its operations from its office located at 1818 Gilbreth Rd., Suite 243, Burlingame, California, United
States. 

Bankruptcy 

The Company and its then subsidiaries, JHC and JMC (collectively, the
 Debtors ), filed on March 29, 2021, a voluntary petition for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code. The filing was made in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court Case No. 21-10636
(the Chapter 11 Case ). The Company also filed motions with the Bankruptcy Court seeking authorization to continue to operate
our business as debtor-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 

On August 16, 2021, in the Bankruptcy Court, the Debtors filed unexecuted
drafts of its Plan Sponsor Agreement to be entered into between us, Yucheng Hu, TongTong Ma, Qiang Zhang, Yanhua Li, Yiyi Huang, Hao Yang,
Jing Li, Yeh Cheng and Yu Wang, and identifying such individuals, collectively, as Plan Sponsors (the Plan Sponsor
Agreement ), and related agreements and documents required thereunder (collectively, with the Plan Sponsor Agreement, the Plan
Sponsor Documents ). The Plan Sponsor Documents were intended to cover the transactions contemplated by an investment term sheet
entered into with Yucheng Hu and are part of the Debtors plan of reorganization as reflected in the Combined Disclosure Statement
and Plan filed with the Bankruptcy Court as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Plan ). On August 31, 2021, the
Bankruptcy Court entered an order, Docket No. 0296 (the Confirmation Order ), confirming the Plan as set forth in the Combined
Plan Statement and Plan Supplement. 

On September 30, 2021 and
pursuant to the Plan Sponsor Agreement, the Company entered into and consummated the transactions contemplated by a Securities Purchase
Agreement with the Plan Sponsor, and Yucheng Hu, in the capacity as the representative for the Plan Sponsor thereunder, pursuant to which
the Company issued and sold, and the Plan Sponsor purchased, 14,354,635 (adjusted for the Forward Stock Split) shares of our common stock
at 0.77 (adjusted for the Forward Stock Split) for each share of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 11,053,069. 

Also on September 30, 2021,
and pursuant to the Plan Sponsor Agreement, the Company entered into and consummated the transactions contemplated by a Series A Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement (the JHC Series A Agreement with JHC, pursuant to which JHC issued and sold, and the Company
purchased, 104,082 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, no par value, at 19.2156 per share of JHC Series A Preferred Stock, for an aggregate
purchase price of 2 million. 

Each share of JHC Series
A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one (1) vote on any matter that is submitted to a vote or for the consent of the shareholders
of JHC. The JHC Series A Preferred Stock provides the Company with 74.83 voting control over JHC immediately following its issuance. 

On January 1, 2022, JMC,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of JHC, was merged with and into JHC, with JHC being the surviving entity. As part of the merger, JHC changed
its name to JetFleet Management Corp. 

Change In Control 

As a condition to the closing
of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Michael G. Magnusson resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer; Harold M. Lyons resigned
as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Senior Vice President, Finance and Secretary; and Michael G. Magnusson, Toni M. Perazzo, Roy E.
Hahn, Evan M. Wallach and David P. Wilson resigned as directors of the Company effective October 1, 2021. In connection with the resignations,
effective as on October 1, 2021, Yucheng Hu, Florence Ng, Jianan Jiang, Qin Yao and Siyuan Zhu (the Incoming Directors were appointed to serve as members on our Board of Directors. The Incoming Directors were designated by the Plan Sponsor pursuant to
the Plan Sponsor Agreement to hold office until our next annual meeting. The Incoming Directors appointed Mr. Hu to serve as Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer; Ms. Ng to serve as Vice President of Operations; and Qin (Carol) Wang to serve as its Chief Financial
Officer, Secretary and Treasurer the Company. 

3 

Government Regulation 

Related to our StaaS Business 

U.S Government Regulations 

Government regulation of blockchain and digital
assets is being actively considered by the United States federal government via a number of agencies and regulatory bodies, as well as
similar entities in other countries. State government regulations also may apply to our activities and other activities in which we participate
or may participate in the future. Other regulatory bodies are governmental or semi-governmental and have shown an interest in regulating
or investigating companies engaged in the blockchain or cryptocurrency business. 

Digital assets are assets issued and transferred
using distributed ledger or blockchain technology. They are often referred to as crypto assets, cryptocurrency, or digital tokens, among
other terminology. Digital assets can be securities, currencies, properties, or commodities, and depending on their characteristics,
participants of digital assets must adhere to applicable laws and regulations. For example, the SEC treats some digital assets as securities, 
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) treats some digital assets as commodities, and the Internal Revenue Service
treats some digital assets as property. State regulators oversee digital assets through state money transfer laws, and
the Department of the Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) monitors digital assets for anti-money laundering
purposes. 

Businesses that are engaged in the transmission
and custody of digital assets that is not a security non-security digital assets such as Bitcoin and ETH, including brokers
and custodians, can be subject to U.S. Treasury Department regulations as money services businesses as well as state money transmitter
licensing requirements. Non-security digital assets are subject to anti-fraud regulations under federal and state commodity laws, and
digital asset derivative instruments are substantively regulated by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Certain jurisdictions,
including, among others, New York and a number of countries outside the United States, have developed regulatory requirements specifically
for digital assets and companies that transact in them. 

In addition, since transactions
in non-security digital assets such as Bitcoin and ETH provide a reasonable degree of pseudo anonymity, they are susceptible to misuse
for criminal activities, such as money laundering. This misuse, or the perception of such misuse (even if untrue), could lead to greater
regulatory oversight of non-security digital asset platforms, and there is the possibility that law enforcement agencies could close
such platforms or other related infrastructure with little or no notice and prevent users from accessing or retrieving non-security digital
assets via such platforms or infrastructure. For example, in her January 2021 nomination hearing before the Senate Finance Committee,
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen noted that cryptocurrencies have the potential to improve the efficiency of the financial system but
that they can be used to finance terrorism, facilitate money laundering, and support malign activities that threaten U.S. national security
interests and the integrity of the U.S. and international financial systems. Accordingly, Secretary Yellen expressed her view that federal
regulators needed to look closely at how to encourage the use of cryptocurrencies for legitimate activities while curtailing their use
for malign and illegal activities. Furthermore, in December 2020, FinCEN proposed a new set of rules for cryptocurrency-based exchanges
aimed at reducing the use of cryptocurrencies for money laundering. These proposed rules would require filing reports with FinCEN regarding
cryptocurrency transactions in excess of 10,000 and also impose record-keeping requirements for cryptocurrency transactions in excess
of 3,000 involving users who manage their own private keys. In January 2021, the Biden Administration issued a memorandum freezing federal
rulemaking, including these proposed FinCEN rules, to provide additional time for the Biden Administration to review the rulemaking that
had been proposed by the Trump Administration. As a result, it remains unclear whether these proposed rules will take effect. 

Digital assets that meet the definition of a
 security under the federal securities laws digital assets security are regulated by federal securities
regulations such as the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Investment Company Act of 1940, and the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940. 

In addition, businesses that provides a trading
platform or exchanges for digital assets that are deemed securities may be required to register with the SEC as a national securities
exchange unless an exemption is available. However, if such platform offers trading in digital assets that are not securities, it may
have to register as a money-transmission service (MTS) instead of a SEC-regulated national securities exchange. MTSs are money transfer
or payment operations that are mainly subject to state regulations, rather than federal regulations but may have to register with FinCEN
and face certain reporting requirements. 

All of the Company solo-staking and StaaS activities
are conducted in Singapore, and the Company does not currently intend to make StaaS available to U.S. residents. In addition, the Company
does not consider its holdings of ETH and other digital assets as securities based on a risk assessment, but this is not a legally binding
standard recognized by the SEC or other regulators. If USDC, USDT, or ETH are deemed to be securities under the laws of any U.S.
federal, state, or foreign jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of law or otherwise, it may have adverse consequences for such
digital asset. For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our business,
see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 

4 

Singapore Government Regulations 

Singapore has a robust regulatory framework for
financial services, which is overseen by the Monetary Authority of Singapore MAS ). The MAS is responsible for ensuring that
the financial services industry operates in a safe and sound manner and maintains the stability of the financial system. 

In Singapore, based on legal advice received
from local counsel, ETH is considered a digital payment token DPT and regulated under the Payment Services Act 2019 PSA ).
Currently, the PSA regulates services dealing in DPTs or facilitating the exchange of DPTs. The StaaS business is not considered a regulated
activity under the PSA, as it does not involve buying or selling of DPTs or facilitating the exchange of DPTs. 

However, the Payment Services (Amendment) Act
2021 (PSAA21) has been passed by Singapore s parliament and may expand the scope of regulation for DPT services in the future, although
it has not yet come into effect. 

In terms of Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know
Your Customer (KYC) requirements, financial institutions in Singapore are required to implement robust measures to prevent money laundering
and financing of terrorism. This includes conducting customer due diligence, ongoing monitoring of transactions, and reporting of suspicious
transactions to the relevant authorities. The MAS works closely with financial institutions to ensure compliance with AML and KYC requirements,
and has the power to impose penalties for non-compliance. As the StaaS business is currently not considered a regulated activity under
the PSA, these specific requirements for licensed institutions do not apply to SDP apart from the general duty to report suspicious transactions.
However, the regulatory landscape may change with the introduction of the PSAA21 and future amendments. 

Related to our Aircraft Management Service 

JHC is subject to compliance with federal, state
and local government regulations. As a company engaged in international trade, these regulations include the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, and various export control, money laundering, and anti-terrorism laws and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Commerce
and the Department of Treasury. 

Intellectual Property 

The protection of our technology and intellectual
property is an important aspect of our business. We currently rely upon a combination of trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, nondisclosure
contractual commitments, and other legal rights to establish and protect our intellectual property. 

As of December 31, 2022, we held one (1) registered
trademark and six (6) pending trademark applications in the United States and two (2) in Singapore. We will evaluate our development
efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. To the extent that it is feasible, we will file new patent
applications with respect to our technology and trademark applications with respect to our brands. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As of March 15, 2023, we had 4 full-time employees,
including CEO, CFO, COO and CMO in Singapore. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining
agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Corporate Office 

Our headquarters are located at 3000 El Camino Real, Bldg. 4, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA. Our main telephone number is (650) 340-1888. 

Other Information 

Our website is located at: https://www.megamatrix.io/.
We make available on our website our reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).
Other than the information expressly set forth in this annual report, the information contained, or referred to, on our website is not
part of this annual report. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding issuers, such as us, that file electronically with the SEC. 

5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our common stock involves risks.
Prior to making a decision about investing in our common stock, you should consider carefully the risks together with all of the other
information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and in our subsequent filings with
the SEC. Each of the referenced risks and uncertainties could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition,
as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. Additional risks not known to us or that we believe are immaterial
may also adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and the value of an investment in our securities. 

Risks Related to our Business 

A particular digital
asset s status, such as an ETH, as a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty
and if a regulator disagrees with our characterization of the ETH and other stable cryptocurrencies , we may be subject to regulatory
scrutiny, investigation, fines and penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. A determination
that an ETH or stable cryptocurrencies is a security may adversely affect the value of those ETH, stable cryptocurrencies
and the Company s business. 

The SEC and its staff have taken the position that certain digital
assets may fall within the definition of a security under U.S. federal securities laws. The legal test for determining whether
any given digital asset is a security is a highly complex, fact-driven analysis that may evolve over time, and the outcome is difficult
to predict. The Company s determination that ETH and other stable cryptocurrencies that the Company holds are not securities is
a risk-based assessment and not a legal standard or one binding on regulators. The SEC generally does not provide advance guidance or
confirmation on the status of any particular digital asset as a security. Furthermore, the SEC s views in this area have evolved
over time and it is difficult to predict the direction or timing of any continuing evolution. It is also possible that a change in the
governing administration or the appointment of new SEC commissioners could substantially impact the views of the SEC and its staff. For
example, Chair Gary Gensler has repeatedly remarked on the need for further regulatory oversight on crypto assets, crypto trading, and
lending platforms by the SEC. Public statements made in the past by senior officials at the SEC have indicated that the SEC does not intend
to take the position that Bitcoin or Ethereum are securities (in their current form). In May 2022, the Chair of the U.S. Commodity Futures
Trading Commission (the CFTC ), Rostin Behnam, stated that Bitcoin and Ethereum are commodities. However, in June 2022, Mr.
Gensler suggested that Bitcoin is a commodity but did not opine on the status of other crypto assets. In September 2022, Mr. Gensler suggested
that he believes a vast majority of cryptocurrencies are securities. However, in March 2023, Mr. Behnam contradicted Mr. Gensler s
position by stating his opinion in front of the Senate Agricultural Committee that Ethereum is a commodity. Such statements by officials
at the CFTC and SEC are not official policy statements by these agencies and reflect only the speakers views, which are not binding
on any agency or court and cannot be generalized to any other crypto asset. 

The classification of
a digital asset as a security under applicable law has wide-ranging implications for the regulatory obligations that flow from the offer,
sale, trading, and clearing of such assets. For example, a digital asset that is a security may generally only be offered or sold pursuant
to a registration statement filed with the SEC or in an offering that qualifies for an exemption from registration. Persons that effect
transactions in digital assets that are securities may be subject to registration with the SEC as a broker or dealer. 
Platforms that bring together purchasers and sellers to trade digital assets that are securities are generally subject to registration
as national securities exchanges, or must qualify for an exemption, such as by being operated by a registered broker-dealer as an alternative
trading system ATS ), in compliance with rules for ATSs. Persons facilitating clearing and settlement of securities may
be subject to registration with the SEC as a clearing agency. 

In addition, several foreign jurisdictions have taken a broad-based
approach to classifying crypto assets as securities, while other foreign jurisdictions, such as Switzerland, Malta, and
Singapore, have adopted a narrower approach. As a result, certain crypto assets may be deemed to be a security under the
laws of some jurisdictions but not others. Various foreign jurisdictions may, in the future, adopt additional laws, regulations, or directives
that affect the characterization of crypto assets as securities. 

The Company analyzes
whether the ETH and other stable cryptocurrencies that it holds could be deemed to be a security under applicable laws.
The Company analysis does not constitute a legal standard, but rather represent its management s assessment regarding the
likelihood that a particular digital asset could be deemed a security under applicable laws. Regardless of the Company s
conclusions, the Company could be subject to legal or regulatory action in the event the SEC or a court were to determine that ETH and
other stable cryptocurrencies that it hold may be deemed a security under applicable laws. 

There can be no assurances
that the Company will properly characterize any given digital asset as a security or non-security or that the SEC, or a court, if the
question was presented to it, would agree with our assessment. The Company could be subject to judicial or administrative sanctions for
failing to offer or sell digital assets in compliance with the registration requirements, or for acting as a broker or dealer without
appropriate registration. Such an action could result in injunctions, cease and desist orders, as well as civil monetary penalties, fines,
and disgorgement, criminal liability, and reputational harm. For instance, all transactions in such supported digital asset would have
to be registered with the SEC, or conducted in accordance with an exemption from registration, which could severely limit its liquidity,
usability and transactability. Further, it could draw negative publicity and a decline in the general acceptance of the digital asset.
Also, it may make it difficult for such digital asset to be traded, cleared, and custodied as compared to other digital assets that are
not considered to be securities. Due to regulatory challenges, the Company has discontinued the Mano game and the alSpace platform on
November 3, 2022. The Company is currently engaging in Solo-Staking in Singapore through SDP and provider of staking technology through
the JV Company. Both of these staking activities are conducted in Singapore and StaaS will currently not be made available to U.S. residents.
In addition, the Company plans to continue exploring other crypto-related business models outside of the United States. 

6 

The Company plans
to continue to explore other opportunities in the crypto-related business to expand our business model. 

Due to regulatory challenges,
on November 3, 2022, we have decided to discontinue the Mano game and the alSpace platform. The Company is currently engaging in solo-staking
through SDP and a provider of staking technology through the JV Company. Both of these staking activities are conducted in Singapore
and StaaS will currently not be made available to U.S. residents. In addition, the Company plans to continue exploring and developing
other opportunities in the crypto-related business. However, the Company may not be successful in identifying a new crypto-related business
model that is acceptable to the Company, which will adversely affect the Company s business objective. 

Expansion of the
Company s operations into new products, services and technologies, including content categories, is inherently risky and may subject
it to additional business, legal, financial and competitive risks. 

Historically, the Company s
operations have been focused on third-party management service contracts for aircraft operations. Further expansion of the Company s
operations and its marketplace into additional products and services, such as crypto-related businesses involve numerous risks and challenges,
including potential new competition, increased capital requirements and increased marketing spent to achieve customer awareness of these
new products and services. Growth into additional content, product and service areas may require changes to the Company s existing
business model and cost structure and modifications to its infrastructure and may expose the Company to new regulatory and legal risks,
any of which may require expertise in areas in which the Company has little or no experience. There is no guarantee that the Company
will be able to generate sufficient revenue from sales of such products and services to offset the costs of developing, acquiring, managing
and monetizing such products and services and the Company s business may be adversely affected. 

If the Company
cannot continue to innovate technologically or develop, market and sell new products and services, or enhance existing technology and
products and services to meet customer requirements, the Company s ability to grow our revenue could be impaired. 

The Company s
growth largely depends on its ability to innovate and add value to its existing creative platform and to provide its customers and contributors
with a scalable, high-performing technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased customer and contributor
usage globally, as well as the deployment of new features. For example, PoS business require additional capital and resources. Without
improvements to the Company s technology and infrastructure, our operations might suffer from unanticipated system disruptions,
slow performance or unreliable service levels, any of which could negatively affect its reputation and ability to attract and retain
customers and contributors. The Company is currently making, and plan to continue making, significant investments to maintain and enhance
the technology and infrastructure and to evolve our information processes and computer systems in order to run our business more efficiently
and remain competitive. The Company may not achieve the anticipated benefits, significant growth or increased market share from these
investments for several years, if at all. If the Company is unable to manage its investments successfully or in a cost-efficient
manner, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We rely on systems
and services provided by third parties, primarily by Amazon Web Services(AMS), and any failures, errors, defects or disruptions in these
systems or services could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating
results and growth prospects. The third-party platforms upon which these systems and software are made available could contain undetected
errors. 

Our technology infrastructure
is critical to the performance of our services and to user satisfaction. We rely on Amazon Web Services(AWS) to provide cloud servers.
However, the systems provided by AWS, on which we rely, may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy
to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We cannot assure you that the measures we take, in connection
with providing proof-of-stake technology tools, to prevent or hinder cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data and user information
and to prevent outages, data or information loss, fraud and to prevent or detect security breaches, including a disaster recovery strategy
for server and equipment failure and back-office systems and the use of third parties for certain cybersecurity services, will provide
absolute security. As our StaaS platform is new, we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance
problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. Such disruptions
including, but not limited to, unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering with our computer systems and technological
infrastructure, or those of third parties, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, each of which could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

7 

Additionally, our platform or software provided by Tbit Global Limited, may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted
data, and these defects may only become apparent after their launch. Furthermore, programming errors, defects and data corruption could
disrupt our operations, adversely affect the experience of our users, harm our reputation, cause our users to stop utilizing our services,
divert our resources and delay market acceptance of our services, any of which could result in legal liability to us or harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects . 

We believe that if our
users have a negative experience with our staking service, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected, users may be less inclined
to continue or resume utilizing our StaaS platform or to recommend our services to other potential users. As such, a failure or significant
interruption in our service could harm our reputation, business and operating results. 

Information technology
and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. 

We receive, process,
store and use personal information and other customer data. There are numerous federal, state and local laws regarding privacy and the
storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other data. Any failure or perceived failure
by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, or our privacy-related
legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information
or other player data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy
groups or others and could cause our customers to lose trust in us which could have an adverse impact on our business. The costs of compliance
with these types of laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation or changes in law. Any failure on our part
to comply with these types of laws may subject us to significant liabilities. 

Third parties we work
with may violate applicable laws or our policies, and such violations may also put our customers information at risk and could
in turn have an adverse impact on our business. We will also be subject to payment card association rules and obligations under each
association s contracts with payment card processors. Under these rules and obligations, if information is compromised, we could
be liable to payment card issuers for the associated expense and penalties. If we fail to follow payment card industry security standards,
even if no customer information is compromised, we could incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in payment card
transaction costs. 

Security breaches, computer
malware and computer hacking attacks have become more prevalent. Any security breach caused by hacking which involves efforts to gain
unauthorized access to information or systems, or to cause intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software, hardware
or other computer equipment, and the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses could harm our business. Though it is difficult to
determine what harm may directly result from any specific interruption or breach, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security
and availability of our network infrastructure to the satisfaction of our players may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing
players and attract new players. 

Because the techniques
used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently and often are not recognized until
launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 

We are subject
to risks related to holding cryptocurrencies and accepting cryptocurrencies as a form of payment. 

We accept Bitcoin, ETH
or other cryptocurrencies from our customers as a form of payment for our staking services. 

Cryptocurrencies are
not considered legal tender or backed by any government and have experienced price volatility, technological glitches and various law
enforcement and regulatory interventions. The use of cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin has been prohibited or effectively prohibited in
some countries. If we fail to comply with any such prohibitions that may be applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement
actions and potential fines and other consequences. 

Cryptocurrencies have
in the past and may in the future experience periods of extreme volatility. Fluctuations in the value of any cryptocurrencies that we
hold may also lead to fluctuations in the value of our common stock. In addition, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the future
legal and regulatory requirements relating to cryptocurrency or transactions utilizing cryptocurrency. For instance, governments may
in the near future curtail or outlaw the acquisition, use or redemption of cryptocurrencies. In such case, ownership of, holding or trading
in cryptocurrencies may then be considered illegal and subject to sanction. These uncertainties, as well as future accounting and tax
developments, or other requirements relating to cryptocurrency, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The value of stablecoins
that we hold may be subject to volatility and risk of loss. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 2.97 million in USDC issued by Circle Internet Financial Public Limited Company Circle and 0.09 million in USDT issued by Tether Limited Inc. Tether ). Stablecoins such as USDC are usually backed by the U.S.
Dollar and other short-dated U.S. government obligations, and are usually pegged to the U.S. dollar. On March 9, 2023, as a result of
the closure of Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), Circle announced that 3.3 billion of its roughly 40 billion USDC reserves were
held at SVB. As a result, Circle depegged the USDC from its 1.00 peg, trading as low as 0.87. This risk may result in the sell-off of
USDC and volatility as to the value of stablecoins, which would expose us to risk of potential loss and could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to raise new funding and on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. 

8 

We cannot be certain
that our StaaS platform and staking services will maintain regulatory approval, and without regulatory approval we may not be able to
market and grow our business around the world. 

Our StaaS platform and
staking services are located in Singapore and are currently not subject to any licensing requirements in Singapore. However, future changes
to Singapore s PSA may introduce new licensing requirements. Any license, permit, approval or finding of suitability may not be
granted, granted with delay, revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. We may be unable to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations,
licenses, permits or approvals, and could incur fines or experience delays related to the licensing process which could adversely affect
our operations. The regulators in Singapore may refuse to issue or renew a registration or impose conditions which may adversely affect
our StaaS business. 

While we do not believe
that we are required to obtain any license or permit in the United States and/or other jurisdictions, we currently plan to limit our
Marsprotocol platform to non-U.S. residents. If it is determined that a license, permit or approval is required in a jurisdiction in
which we do not have any license to operate, we will need to obtain such license, permit or approval, or block access from such jurisdiction
through IP address filtering. Violations of laws in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action and/or fines. Licenses, approvals
or findings of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned. In sum, we may not be able to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations,
licenses, permits or approvals. The licensing process may result in delays or adversely affect our operations, and our efforts to comply
with any new licensing regulations will increase our costs. 

We are subject
to various laws relating to foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect its operations, reputation, business,
prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

We
are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States, including exposure to complex foreign and U.S. regulations
such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws which generally prohibit U.S. companies
and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Violations
of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions and other penalties. It may be difficult
to oversee the conduct of any contractors, third-party partners, representatives or agents who are not our employees, potentially exposing
us to greater risk from their actions. If our employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or company policies governing our
international operations, we may face legal proceedings and actions which could result in civil penalties, administration actions and
criminal sanctions. Any determination that we have violated any anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Violations
of these laws and regulations could result in significant fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees. Additionally,
any such violations could materially damage our reputation, brand, international expansion efforts, ability to attract and retain employees
and our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

Historically,
we have dealt with significant amounts of cash in our operations, which have subjected us to various reporting and anti-money laundering
regulations. Any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations by us could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Risks Related to Ethereum 

Risks Associated
with Staking on Ethereum 2.0. 

The Company has deposited
ETH to the Ethereum beacon chain with a view to earning an ETH-denominated return thereon. By running a validator node, the Company will
be exposed to the risk of loss of its staked ETH if it fails to operate the node in accordance with applicable protocol rules, as the
Company s digital assets may be slashed or inactivity penalties may be applied if the validator node double
signs or is offline for a prescribed period of time. The Company intends to mitigate this risk by monitoring the staking activities. 

9 

Speculative and
Volatile Nature of ETH. 

To
date, the Company has deployed a small portion of its capital into
ETH. The price of ETH is subject to significant volatility. In addition, there is no guarantee that the Company will be able to sell its
ETH at prices quoted on various cryptocurrency trading platforms or at all if it determines to do so. In addition, the supply of ETH is
currently controlled by the source code of the Ethereum platform, and there is a risk that the developers of the code and the participants
in the Ethereum network could develop and/or adopt new versions of the Ethereum software that significantly increase the supply of ETH 
 in circulation, negatively impacting the trading price of ETH. Any significant
decrease in the price of ETH may materially and adversely affect
the value of the Company s securities and, in turn, the Company s business and financial condition. 

The ETH markets are
sensitive to new developments, and since volumes are still maturing, any significant changes in market sentiment (by way of sensationalism
in the media or otherwise) can induce large swings in volume and subsequent price changes. Such volatility can adversely affect the business
and financial condition of the Company. 

Momentum pricing typically
is associated with growth stocks and other assets whose valuation, as determined by the public, accounts for anticipated future appreciation
in value. The Company believes that momentum pricing of ETH has resulted, and may continue to result, in speculation regarding future
appreciation in the value of ETH, inflating and making more volatile the value of ETH. As a result, ETH may be more likely to fluctuate
in value due to changing investor confidence in future appreciation, which could adversely affect the business and financial condition
of the Company. 

Underlying Value
Risk. 

ETH represents a new
form of digital value that is still being digested by society. Its underlying value is driven by its utility as a store of value, means
of exchange, and unit of account, and notably, the demand for ETH within various use cases of the Ethereum network. Just as oil is priced
by the supply and demand of global markets, as a function of its utility to, for instance, power machines and create plastics, so too
is ETH priced by the supply and demand of global markets for its own utility within Ethereum s use cases. 

Development of
the Ethereum Platform. 

The Ethereum platform
is an open-source project being developed by a network of software developers, including Vitalik Buterin, a founder of Ethereum. Mr.
Buterin or another key participant within the core development group could cease to be involved with the Ethereum platform. Factions
could form within the Ethereum community, resulting in different and competing versions of Ethereum being adopted by network participants.
Furthermore, network participants running the Ethereum software may choose not to update their versions of the software, resulting in
different versions of the Ethereum software running on the network. Any of the foregoing developments could have a significant negative
impact on the viability and overall health of the Ethereum platform, the value of ETH and the Company s business model and assets. 

Uncertainty Regarding
the Growth of Blockchain and Web 3 Technologies 

The further development
and use of blockchain, Web 3 technologies and digital assets are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate and predict,
many of which are beyond the Company s control. The slowing of or stopping of the development or acceptance of blockchain networks,
specifically Ethereum, and blockchain assets would be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Furthermore, blockchain
and Web 3 technologies, including Ethereum, may never be implemented to a scale that provides identifiable economic benefit to blockchain-based
businesses, including the Company. 

The Ethereum network
and ETH as digital asset have a limited history. Due to this short history, it is not clear how all elements of ETH will unfold over
time, specifically with regard to governance between miners, developers and users, as well as the long-term security model as the rate
of inflation of ETH decreases. Since the ETH community has successfully navigated a considerable number of technical and political challenges
since its inception, the Company believes that it will continue to engineer its way around future challenges. The history of open-source
software development would indicate that vibrant communities are able to change the software under development at a pace sufficient to
stay relevant. The continuation of such vibrant communities is not guaranteed, and insufficient software development or any other unforeseen
challenges that the community is not able to navigate could have an adverse impact on the business of the Company. 

10 

Smart Contract
Risk 

The Ethereum network
is based upon the development and deployment of smart contracts, which are self-executing contracts with the terms of the agreement written
into software code. There are thousands of smart contracts currently running on Ethereum network. Like all software code, smart contracts
are exposed to risk that the code contains a bug or other security vulnerability, which can lead to loss of assets that are held on or
transacted through the contract. The smart contract deployed on Ethereum and, as such, may contain a bug or other vulnerability that
may lead to the loss of digital assets held in the wallet. The Ethereum developer community audits widely used smart contracts frequently
and publishes the results of such audits on public forums. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee against a bug or other vulnerability leading
to a loss of digital assets. 

Dependence on
Ethereum Network Developers 

While many contributors
to the Ethereum network s open-source software are employed by companies in the industry, most of them are not directly compensated
for helping to maintain the protocol. As a result, there are no contracts or guarantees that they will continue to contribute to the
Ethereum network s software (https://github.com/ether and https://github.com/orgs/ether/people). 

Issues with the
Cryptography Underlying the Ethereum Network 

Although the Ethereum
network is one of the world s most established digital asset networks, the Ethereum network and other cryptographic and algorithmic
protocols governing the issuance of digital assets represent a new and rapidly evolving industry that is subject to a variety of factors
that are difficult to evaluate. In the past, flaws in the source code for digital assets have been exposed and exploited, including flaws
that disabled some functionality for users, exposed users personal information and/or resulted in the theft of users digital
assets. The cryptography underlying ETH could prove to be flawed or ineffective, or developments in mathematics and/or technology, including
advances in digital computing, algebraic geometry and quantum computing, could result in such cryptography becoming ineffective. In any
of these circumstances, a malicious actor may be able to take the ETH held by the Company. Moreover, functionality of the Ethereum network
may be negatively affected such that it is no longer attractive to users, thereby dampening demand for ETH. Even if digital assets other
than ETH were affected by similar circumstances, any reduction in confidence in the source code or cryptography underlying digital assets
generally could negatively affect the demand for digital assets and therefore adversely affect the business of the Company. 

Disputes on the
Development of the Ethereum Network may lead to Delays in the Development of the Network 

There can be disputes
between contributors on the best paths forward in building and maintaining the Ethereum network s software. Furthermore, the miners
and/or stakers supporting the network and other developers and users of the network can disagree with the contributors as well, creating
greater debate. Therefore, the Ethereum community often iterates slowly upon contentious protocol issues, which many perceive as prudently
conservative, while others worry that it inhibits innovation. It will be important for the community to continue to develop at a pace
that meets the demand for transacting in ETH, otherwise users may become frustrated and lose faith in the network. As a decentralized
network, strong consensus and unity is particularly important to respond to potential growth and scalability challenges. 

The Ethereum Blockchain
may Temporarily or Permanently Fork and/or Split 

The Ethereum network s
software and protocol are open source. When a modification is released by the developers and a substantial majority of participants consent
to the modification, the change is implemented and the Ethereum network continues uninterrupted. However, if a change were activated
with less than a substantial majority consenting to the proposed modification, and the modification is not compatible with the software
prior to its modification, the consequence would be what is known as a hard fork (i.e., a split) of the Ethereum network
(and the blockchain). One blockchain would be maintained by the pre-modification software and the other by the post-modification software.
The effect is that both blockchain algorithms would be running parallel to one another, but each would be building an independent blockchain
with independent native assets. 

11 

A hard fork could present
problems such as two copies of a token for the same NFT. It could also present a problem for a customer having to choose to provide services
with respect to digital assets resulting from a fork. In addition, digital asset loan agreements often dictate when and how each of the
lender or the borrower of a digital asset pledging a certain digital asset gets the benefit of forked coins in the event of a hard fork.
Similarly, derivative counterparties using ISDA-based contractual documentation may be subject to hard fork-related termination events. 

Although forks are likely to be addressed
by a community-led effort to merge the two groups, such a fork could still adversely affect ETH s viability. 

Risks Related to our Company 

Our filing of bankruptcy may adversely
affect our business and relationships . 

On August 31, 2021, the Bankruptcy Court entered
its Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law and Order Approving and Confirming the Combined Disclosure Statement and Joint Chapter 11 Plan
of AeroCentury Corp., and its Affiliated Debtors. The Effective Date of the Plan occurred on September 30, 2021. Each condition precedent
to consummation of the Plan has been satisfied and/or waived. 

As a result of our bankruptcy filing: 

suppliers, vendors or other
 contract counterparties may require additional financial assurances or enhanced performance from us; 

our ability to compete
 for new business may be adversely affected; 

our ability to attract,
 motivate and retain key executives and employees may be adversely affected; 

our employees may be distracted
 from performance of their duties or more easily attracted to other employment opportunities; and 

we may have difficulty
 obtaining the capital we need to operate and grow our business. 

The occurrence of one or more of these events
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 

Upon our emergence from Chapter 11, the
composition of our stockholder base has changed significantly. 

As a result of the concentration of our equity
ownership, our future strategy and plans may differ materially from those in the past. Upon our emergence from Chapter 11, the Plan Sponsors
collectively held approximately 65.0 of our common stock, while holders of our legacy equity interests held approximately 35.0 of our
common stock. Therefore, the Plan Sponsors have significant control on the outcome of matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including,
but not limited to, electing directors and approving corporate transactions. As a result, our future strategy and plans may differ materially
from those of the past. Circumstances may occur in which the interests of the Plan Sponsors could be in conflict with the interests of
other stockholders, and the Plan Sponsors would have substantial influence to cause us to take actions that align with their interests.
Should conflicts arise, there can be no assurance that the Plan Sponsors would act in the best interests of other stockholders or that
any conflicts of interest would be resolved in a manner favorable to our other stockholders. 

12 

The composition of our board of directors has changed significantly . 

Pursuant to the Plan, the composition of our
board of directors changed significantly. Upon our emergence from Chapter 11, our board of directors consisted of five directors, none
of whom had previously served on our board of directors. The new directors have different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives from
those who previously served on our board of directors and thus may have different views on the issues that will determine our future.
There can be no assurance that our new board of directors will pursue, or will pursue in the same manner, our previous strategy and business
plans. 

Certain information contained in our historical
financial statements are not comparable to the information contained in our financial statements after the adoption of fresh start accounting. 

Upon our emergence from Chapter 11, we adopted
fresh start accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 852 and became a new entity for financial reporting purposes. As a result, we revalued
our assets and liabilities based on our estimate of our enterprise value and the fair value of each of our assets and liabilities. These
estimates, projections and enterprise valuation were prepared solely for the purpose of the bankruptcy proceedings and should not be
relied upon by investors for any other purpose. At the time they were prepared, the determination of these values reflected numerous
estimates and assumptions, and the fair values recorded based on these estimates may not be fully realized in periods subsequent to our
emergence from Chapter 11. 

The consolidated financial statements after our
emergence from bankruptcy will not be comparable to the consolidated financial statements on or before that date. This will make it difficult
for stockholders to assess our performance in relation to prior periods. 

We have a limited operating history in
our post-bankruptcy new focus business, so there is a limited track record on which to judge our business prospects and management. 

We have limited operating history in providing
staking services upon which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. You must consider the risks and difficulties we face
as a small operating company with limited operating history. Further, our StaaS platform is new service, to which we have no experience
and will rely upon our third party developers to develop and maintain the StaaS platform. 

We will need to
raise additional capital or financing to continue to execute and expand our business. 

We will need to raise
additional capital to support our new operations and execute on our business plan by issuing equity or convertible debt securities. In
the event we are required to obtain additional funds, there is no guarantee that additional funds will be available on a timely basis
or on acceptable terms. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, our shareholders
may experience additional dilution and such financing may involve restrictive covenants. Newly issued securities may include preferences,
superior voting rights, and the issuance of warrants or other convertible securities that will have additional dilutive effects. We cannot
assure that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable
to us. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely impact our
financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such factors as the weakness
of capital markets, and the fact that we have not been profitable, which could impact the availability and cost of future financings.
If such funds are not available when required, management will be required to curtail investments in additional sales and marketing and
product development, which may have a material adverse effect on future cash flows and results of operations. 

Our business depends on the continuing
efforts of our management. If it loses their services, our business may be severely disrupted. 

Our business operations depend on the efforts
of our new management, particularly the executive officers named in this document. If one or more of our management were unable or unwilling
to continue their employment with us, it might not be able to replace them in a timely manner, or at all. We may incur additional expenses
to recruit and retain qualified replacements. Our business may be severely disrupted, and our financial condition and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our management may join a competitor or form a competing company. As a result,
our business may be negatively affected due to the loss of one or more members of our management. 

13 

We may not be able to prevent or timely
detect cyber security breaches and may be subject to data, security and/or system breaches which could adversely affect our business
operations and financial conditions. 

We rely on information
technology networks and systems, including the use of third-party communications systems over the Internet, to process, transmit and
store electronic information, and to manage or support our business activities. These information technology networks and systems may
be subject to security breaches, hacking, phishing, or spoofing attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to our business information
and financial accounts. A cyberattack, unauthorized intrusion, or theft of personal, financial or sensitive business information could
have a material adverse effect of on our business operations or our clients information, and could harm our operations, reputation
and financial situation. In addition, due to an increase in the types of cyberattacks, our employees could be victim to such scams designed
to trick victims into transferring sensitive company data or funds, that could compromise and/or disrupt our business operations. 

We were a victim of
a business email compromise scam (BEC) in December 2021. BEC scams involve using social engineering to cause employees to wire funds
to the perpetrators in the mistaken belief that the requests were made by a company executive or established vendor. As a result of the
BEC scam, we have enhanced BEC awareness within our organization, established additional controls to help detect BEC scams when they
occur, and require additional confirmations for large money transactions. In addition, we seek to detect and investigate all cybersecurity
incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude, duration, and effects.
While we take every effort to train our employees to be cognizant of these types of attacks and to take appropriate precautions, and
have taken actions and implemented controls to protect our systems and information, the level of technological sophistication being used
by attackers has increased in recent years, and may be insufficient to protect our systems or information. Any successful cyberattack
against us could lead to the loss of significant company funds or result in in potential liability, including litigation or other legal
actions against us, or the imposition of penalties, which could cause us to incur significant remedial costs. Further, we cannot ensure
that our efforts and measures taken will be sufficient to prevent or mitigate any damage caused by a cybersecurity incident, and our
networks and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches, hacking, phishing, spoofing, BEC, employee error or manipulation, or other
adverse events. 

Due to the evolving
nature and increased sophistication of these cybersecurity threats, the potential impact of any future incident cannot be predicted with
certainty; however, any such incidents could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, especially
if we fail to maintain sufficient insurance coverage to cover liabilities incurred or are unable to recover any funds lost in data, security
and/or system breaches, and could result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2021, our internal control
over financial reporting was ineffective, and if we continue to fail to improve such controls and procedures, investors could lose confidence
in our financial and other reports, the price of our common stock may decline, and we may be subject to increased risks and liabilities. 

As a public company, we are subject to the
reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual reports with respect to our business and financial
condition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we include a report of our management on our
internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to include certifications of our management regarding the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. We previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting relating to our tax review control for complex transactions. We are in the process of enhancing our tax review
control related to unusual transactions that we may encounter, but that control has not operated for a sufficient time to determine
if the control was effective as of December 31, 2022. If we cannot effectively maintain our controls and procedures, we could
suffer material misstatements in our financial statements and other information we report which would likely cause investors to lose
confidence. This lack of confidence could lead to a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 

14 

Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require us to have such system audited by an independent
registered public accounting firm. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny,
civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business.
Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate
controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could
have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. 

The trading prices of our common stock
could be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to our shareholders and investors. 

The trading prices of our common stock could
be volatile and could fluctuate widely due to factors beyond our control. This may happen because of broad market and industry factors,
like the performance and fluctuation in the market prices or the underperformance or deteriorating financial results of other similarly
situated companies that have listed their securities in the U.S. in recent years. The securities of some of these companies have experienced
significant volatility including, in some cases, substantial price declines in the trading prices of their securities. In addition, securities
markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to our operating performance,
such as the large decline in share prices in the United States and other jurisdictions. 

In addition to market and industry factors, the
price and trading volume for our common stock may be highly volatile for factors specific to our own operations including the following: 

variations in our revenues,
 earnings and cash flow; 

announcements of new product
 and service offerings, investments, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 

changes in the performance
 or market valuation of our company or our competitors; 

changes in financial estimates
 by securities analysts; 

changes in the number of
 our users and customers; 

fluctuations in our operating
 metrics; 

failures on our part to
 realize monetization opportunities as expected; 

additions or departures
 of our key management and personnel; 

detrimental negative publicity
 about us, our competitors or our industry; 

market conditions or regulatory
 developments affecting us or our industry; and 

potential litigations or
 regulatory investigations. 

Any of these factors may result in large and
sudden changes in the trading volume and the price at which our common stock will trade. In the past, shareholders of a public company
often brought securities class action suits against the listed company following periods of instability in the market price of that company s
securities. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert a significant amount of our management s attention and
other resources from our business and operations, which could harm our results of operations and require us to incur significant expenses
to defend the suit. Any such class action suit, whether or not successful, could harm our reputation and restrict our ability to raise
capital in the future. In addition, if a claim is successfully made against us, we may be required to pay significant damages, which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

15 

If our common stock becomes subject to
the SEC s penny stock rules, broker-dealers may experience difficulty in completing customer transactions, and trading activity
in our securities may be adversely affected. 

If at any time we have net tangible assets of
 5,000,001 or less and our common stock has a market price per share of less than 5.00, transactions in our common stock may be subject
to the penny stock rules promulgated under the Exchange Act. Under these rules, broker-dealers who recommend such securities
to persons other than institutional accredited investors must: 

make a special written
 suitability determination for the purchaser; 

receive the purchaser s
 written agreement to the transaction prior to sale; 

provide the purchaser with
 risk disclosure documents which identify certain risks associated with investing in penny stocks and which describe
 the market for these penny stocks as well as a purchaser s legal remedies; and 

obtain a signed and dated
 acknowledgment from the purchaser demonstrating that the purchaser has actually received the required risk disclosure document before
 a transaction in a penny stock can be completed. 

If our common stock becomes subject to these
rules, broker-dealers may find it difficult to effectuate customer transactions and trading activity in our securities may be adversely
affected. As a result, the market price of our common stock may be depressed, and you may find it more difficult to sell our common stock. 

An active trading market for our common
stock may not develop, and you may not be able to easily sell your common stock. 

An active trading market for shares of our common
stock following our emergence from bankruptcy may never develop or be sustained. If an active trading market does not develop, you may
have difficulty selling your shares of common stock or at all. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling
our common stock, and it may impair our ability to attract and motivate our employees through equity incentive awards and our ability
to acquire other companies by using our common stock as consideration. 

If we do not continue to satisfy the NYSE
American continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted. 

The listing of our common stock on NYSE American
is contingent on our compliance with the NYSE American s conditions for continued listing. 

Should we fail to meet the NYSE American s
continuing listing requirements, we may be subject to delisting by the NYSE America. In the event our common stock is no longer listed
for trading on the NYSE American, our trading volume and share price may decrease and we may experience difficulties in raising capital
which could materially affect our operations and financial results. Further, delisting from the NYSE American could also have other negative
effects, including potential loss of confidence by partners, lenders, suppliers and employees. Finally, delisting could make it harder
for us to raise capital and sell securities. 

16 

Sales of a significant number of our common
stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. 

In connection with a private placement of 2,870,927
(14,354,635 post-split) shares of common stock that closed on September 30, 2021, we have filed a registration statement allowing the
holders thereof to resell the common stock. The sales of those shares of common stock in the public market could depress the market price
of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We cannot predict the effect
that future sales of our common stock would have on the market price of our common stock. 

If we acquire
digital securities, even unintentionally, we may violate the Investment Company Act of 1940 and incur potential third-party liabilities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 3.1 million stable cryptocurrencies, which is primarily USDC and 0.4 million in ETH. The
Company intends to comply with the 1940 Act in all respects. To that end, if holdings of cryptocurrencies are determined to constitute
investment securities of a kind that subject the Company to registration and reporting under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the
 1940 Act ), the Company will limit its holdings to less than 40 of its assets. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act defines
 investment company to mean any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the
value of such issuer s total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Section 3(a)(2)
of the 1940 Act defines investment securities to include all securities except (A) Government securities, (B) securities
issued by employees securities companies, and (C) securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries which (i) are not investment
companies and (ii) are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company in section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940
Act. As noted above, the SEC has not stated whether stable cryptocurrencies such as USDC and USDT and other cryptocurrency such as ETH
is an investment security, as defined in the 1940 Act. 

Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2.
Properties. 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not
own any real property, plant or materially important physical properties. The Company leases its principal executive office space at
3000 El Camino Real, Building 4, Suite 200 Palo Alto, California 94306 on a month to month basis. JHC conducts all of its operations
from its office located at 1818 Gilbreth Rd., Suite 243, Burlingame, California, United States under a lease agreement that expires on
November 30, 2023 The Company leases its Singapore office at 103, Tampines Street 86, #03-06, the ALPS Residences, Singapore
528576 on a month to month basis. The Company considers it office space suitable and adequate for the purpose for which they are used
for. 

Item 3. Legal
Proceedings. 

The Company from time to time engages in ordinary
course litigation incidental to the business. Although the Company cannot predict the impact or outcome of any of these proceedings, including,
among other things, the amount or timing of any liabilities or other costs it may incur, none of the pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or any of its property is subject is anticipated to have a material effect on the Company s business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for
Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

The
Company s common stock is traded on the NYSE American under
the symbol MPU. 

Number of Holders 

According to the Company s transfer agent, the Company had approximately
394 stockholders of record as of March 15, 2023. Because brokers and other institutions and nominees hold many of the Company s
shares of Common Stock on behalf of beneficial owners, the Company is unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners represented
by those nominees. 

Dividends 

In connection with the Company s exit from
Chapter 11 reorganization, as set forth in the Combined Disclosure Statement and Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of AeroCentury
Corp., and Its Affiliated Debtors Docket No. 0282 (the Plan which was previously approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the District of Delaware on August 31, 2021, the previously approved special cash dividend of 0.6468 per share was paid to stockholders
that held shares of Common Stock of the Company as of the effective date of the Plan prior to the sale and issuance of Common Stock of
the Company to the plan sponsor investors led by Yucheng Hu on October 13, 2021. The record date for the Dividend and the effective date
of the Plan was September 30, 2021. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides certain information with respect to our equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2022: 

Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, and 
 settlement 
 of RSUs 
(a) 
 Weighted- 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, and 
 issuance 
 price of 
 RSUs 
(b) 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column a) 
I 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans approved by security holders (1) 
 1,100,000 
 
 1,100,000 
 
 Total 
 1,100,000 1 
 
 1,100,000 

(1) Consists of 2,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for
issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan which was approved by our shareholders on December 29, 2021.
As of December 31, 2022, no awards were granted under the 2021 Plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On December 23, 2022,
we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors named in the
Purchase Agreement (collectively, the Purchasers ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell up to an aggregate of 5,280,000 shares
of our common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock at a purchase price of 1.30 per share, or 6.9 million
(the Private Placement ). 

On January 20, 2023,
we completed an initial sale of 4,314,615 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Private Placement to certain Purchasers for an aggregate
purchase price of 5.6 million, or 1.30 per share. 

On February 15, 2023, we completed the final sale
of 765,384 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Private Placement to a Purchaser for an aggregate purchase price of 1.0 million, or
 1.30 per share, for combined total issuance of 5,079,999 shares of Common Stock for gross proceeds of approximately 6.6 million under
the Private Placement, before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by us. 

Use of Proceeds 

The following Use
of Proceeds information relates to the registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File Number 333-262217) relating to
the resale of an aggregate of 2,397,305 shares of our Common Stock that were issued in connection with a private placement we completed
on September 30, 2021. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholder of the common stock. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

Neither we nor any affiliated purchaser, 
as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Act, purchased any of our equity securities during the period covered by this annual report. 

18 

Item 6.
[Reserved] 

Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read together with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this report. This
discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. Please see the cautionary note regarding these statements at the beginning
of this report. 

Recent Corporate Developments 

On October 20, 2021, the Company set up Mega Metaverse
Corp. Mega ), a wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in California. In December 2021, the Company launched the NFT business
in the metaverse ecosystem through Mega, and released the first NFT game Mano on March 25, 2022. Mano is a competitive idle
role-playing game (RPG) deploying the concept of NFTs based on blockchain technology, with a Play-to-earn business model
that the players can earn while they play in Mega s metaverse universe alSpace . 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
received approximately 0.3 million of BNB in revenue for the services. Due to regulatory challenges, the Company decided to suspend the
Mano game and the alSpace platform, and on November 4, 2022, the Company discontinued the Mano game and the alSpace platform. 

On August 31, 2022, the Company acquired all of
the equity interest in Saving Digital Pte. Ltd., a Singapore exempt private company limited by shares SDP with no operations
and approximately 3,800 in cash, from the chairman Yucheng Hu for a nominal consideration of 10,000. The Company intend to use SDP to
explore other crypto related business in Singapore. 

On September 19, 2022, through SDP, the Company purchased 37 Ether
(ETH) for the purpose of exploring Ethereum staking opportunities following the transition by Ethereum on September 15, 2022 from proof-of-work
(PoW) to a proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism referred to as the Merge. Prior to the Merge, Ethereum utilized a PoW
validation method for digital asset transactions. Following the Merge, Ethereum shifted to a PoS validation system where validators stake
their ETH into a smart contract on Ethereum to serve as collateral that can be destroyed if the validator behaves dishonestly or lazily.
The validator (selected randomly) is then responsible for processing the blockchain transactions, storing data and adding new blocks to
the blockchain. Validators receives a transaction fee on their staked coins in ETH as a reward for their active participation in the network.
To become a validator on Ethereum, a participant must stake 32 ETH. Till quarter ending December 31, 2022, SDP explored the Solo-Staking
by staking 160 ETH to become five (5) validators to Ethereum to earn ETH rewards and yield. Solo-Staking enables SDP to utilize its ETH
treasury to stake on the Ethereum beacon chain and to earn ETH-denominated rewards directly from the Ethereum protocol. 

On September 29, 2022, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors named in the Purchase Agreement
(collectively, the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell an aggregate of 4,400,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock at a purchase price of 1.00 per share (the Private Placement ).
The gross proceeds of the Private Placement were 4.4 million, before deducting offering expenses payable by the Company. The Purchase
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties, and the closing is subject to customary closing
conditions. The closing of the Private Placement occurred on October 18, 2022. As of September 30, 2022, the Company received advanced
subscription fees of 2.2 million from certain Purchasers, among which 2.2 million were in cash and 0.75 million were in USDC. The closing
of the Private Placement occurred on October 18, 2022. 

On December 23, 2022, the Company entered into
another Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors named in the Purchase Agreement
(collectively, the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell up to an aggregate of 5,280,000 shares of the
Company s common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock at a purchase price of 1.30 per share, or 6.9
million (the Private Placement ). On January 20, 2023, the Company completed an initial sale of 4,314,615 shares of Common
Stock pursuant to the Private Placement to certain Purchasers for an aggregate purchase price of 5.6 million, or 1.30 per share. On
February 15, 2023, the Company completed the final sale of 765,384 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Private Placement to a Purchaser
for an aggregate purchase price of 1.0 million, or 1.30 per share, for combined total issuance of 5,079,999 shares of Common Stock for
gross proceeds of approximately 6.6 million to the Company under the Private Placement, before deducting estimated offering expenses
payable by the Company. 

In
addition, on March 3, 2023, in connection with a newly formed joint venture, SDP and Bit Digital Singapore Pte. Ltd. Bit Digital ),
entered into a shareholders agreement (the Shareholders Agreement with Marsprotocol Technologies Pte. Ltd. (the
 JV Company ), to provide proof-of-stake technology tools for digital assets through the staking platform MarsProtocol ,
an institutional grade non-custodial staking technology (the Joint Venture ). Through MarsProtocol, the Joint Venture will
seek to provide non-custodial staking tools whereby users private keys are not stored in its database to ensure the safety of its
users digital assets. Currently the services will not be available to U.S. residents. Pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement, SDP
will own 60 and Bit Digital will own 40 of the JV Company. 

The
Company believe that the ETH and other digital assets that the Company hold are not securities is a risk-based assessment and not a
legal standard or binding on the SEC or any other regulators. If USDC, USDT, or ETH are deemed to be securities under the laws of
any U.S. federal, state, or foreign jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of law or otherwise, it may have adverse
consequences for such digital asset. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business A particular
digital asset s status, such as an ETH, as a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree
of uncertainty and if a regulator disagrees with our characterization of the ETH and other stable cryptocurrencies, the Company may
be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigation, fines and penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. A determination that an ETH or stable cryptocurrencies is a security may adversely affect the
value of those ETH, stable cryptocurrencies and our
business. 

19 

Bankruptcy 

On September 30, 2021, the Company emerged from
bankruptcy with a restructured balance sheet, a new management team, and a new purpose to focus on new lines of business other than the
aircraft leasing business. 

On September 30, 2021 (the Effective Date and pursuant to the Plan Sponsor Agreement, the Company entered into and consummated the transactions contemplated by a Securities Purchase
Agreement with the Plan Sponsor, and Yucheng Hu, in the capacity as the representative for the Plan Sponsor thereunder, pursuant
to which the Company issued and sold, and the Plan Sponsor purchased, 14,354,635 shares of common stock (given effect to five for one
forward stock split), par value 0.001 per share, of the Company (the ACY Common Stock at 0.77 (given effect to five for
one forward stock split) for each share of Common Stock, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 11,053,100 (the Purchase
Price ). The Securities Purchase Agreement contained customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties to such
agreement. 

The principal terms of the Plan Sponsor Agreement
are below: 

Plan Sponsor Equity Investment . The Plan Sponsor Agreement provides for the issuance by the Company of 14,354,635 shares of common stock (given effect to five for one forward stock split) New ACY Shares at a purchase price equal to 0.77 (given effect to five for one forward stock split), for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 11 million. The New ACY Shares issuance would result in post-issuance pro forma ownership percentages of the Company common stock of (a) 65 held by the Plan Sponsor, and (b) 35 held by existing shareholders of the Company on the Effective Date (the Legacy ACY Shareholders ). 

Refundability of the Deposit. In the event the purchase of the New ACY Shares does not close as a result of Plan Sponsor s failure to comply with the terms of Plan Sponsor Agreement, the Deposit will be forfeited to the Company. In the event the purchase of the New ACY Shares does not close as a result of Debtors failure to comply with the terms of the Plan Sponsor Agreement or the failure of the conditions precedent set forth in the Plan Sponsor Agreement, the Deposit will be refunded to Plan Sponsor. If Bankruptcy Court or any regulatory authority having the authority to block the consummation of the purchase of the New ACY Shares do not approve of the purchase of the New ACY Shares, the Deposit will be refunded to Plan Sponsor. 

Breakup Fee. If the Bankruptcy Court accepts and approves an exit financing transaction for the Company with a party other than the Plan Sponsor (an Alternative Transaction then the Company shall pay Plan Sponsor, upon the closing of such Alternative Transaction, in addition to the return of the Deposit, a breakup fee equal to 1,000,000. 

New Capital Structure for JetFleet Holding Corp. JHC . On the Effective Date, the following transactions relating to JHC equity ownership shall be executed: 

a) 
 Cancellation of the
 Company s Equity in JHC . All outstanding stock of JetFleet Holding Corp. JHC currently held 100 by the
 Company, was canceled. 

b) 
 JHC Common Stock Issuance
 to Plan Sponsor and JHC Management . Plan Sponsor shall acquire 35,000 shares of common stock of JHC, and certain employees
 of JHC JHC Management who will be appointed to continue the legacy aircraft leasing business of the Company
 through JHC shall have the right to acquire 65,000 shares of common stock of JHC. All shares of common stock of JHC will be purchased
 at a price of 1 per share. In January 2022, JHC Management completed the purchase of 65,000 shares of common stock of JHC. 

c) 
 JHC Series A Preferred
 Stock Issuance to the Company . The Company will use 2 million of its proceeds from the Plan Sponsor s purchase of New
 ACY Shares to purchase 104,082 shares of JHC Series A Preferred Stock from JHC. The JHC Series A Preferred Stock shall carry a dividend
 rate of 7.5 per annum, shall be non-convertible and non-transferable, shall be redeemable by JHC at any time, but shall only be
 redeemable by the Company after 7 years. As of December 31, 2021, the JHC Series A Preferred Stockholders shall in the aggregate
 constitute 74.83 of the voting equity of JHC, voting as a single class together with the outstanding JHC Common Stock. 

d) 
 Distribution of Trust
 Interest in JHC Series B to Legacy ACY Shareholders . A trust Legacy Trust will be established for
 the benefit of the Legacy ACY Shareholders, and JHC will issue new JHC Series B Preferred Stock to the Legacy Trust. The JHC Series
 B Preferred Stock issued to the Legacy Trust will have an aggregate liquidation preference of 1, non-convertible, non-transferable,
 non-voting, will not pay a dividend, and will contain a mandatory, redeemable provision. The JHC Series B Preferred Stock will be
 redeemable for an aggregate amount equal to (i) 1,000,000, if the JHC Series B Preferred Stock is redeemed after the first fiscal
 year for which JHC reports positive EBITDA for the preceding 12-month period, or (ii) 0.001 per share, if the JHC Series B Preferred
 Stock is redeemed prior the first fiscal year for which JHC reports positive EBITDA for the preceding 12-month period. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues and Other Income 

Revenues and other income decreased by 4.2 million,
or 68 to 1.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily
a result of a decrease of 6.2 million in operating lease revenues to 0.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.3 million
in the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by income of (i) 0.3 million from GameFi business , and (ii) 1.5 million from
reversal of accounts and other payable, which the Company expected it would not make payments. However the Company discontinued the NFT
gaming business due to regulatory challenges since November 2022. The Company is exploring other crypto-related business models outside
of the United States. 

20 

Expenses 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had total operating expenses of 5.8 million and 19.2 million, respectively.
The changes in expenses were primarily caused by changes in impairment in value of aircraft, interest, professional fees and other general
and administrative expenses, depreciation expenses, and impairment of intangible assets. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not record impairment charges against aircraft. During the year ended December 31,
2021, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling 4.2 million on seven aircrafts held
for sale, based on appraised values or expected sales proceeds. 

The
Company s interest expense decreased by 2.4 million, or 95 to 0.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from
 2.5 million in 2021, as a result of the Company s emergence from bankruptcy in September 2021 and the Company was not obliged
to debts and related interest expenses. 

Professional fees, general and administrative
and other expenses decreased by 4.7 million, or 68 to 2.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.9 million in the
year ended December 31, 2021, primarily because the Company incurred less consulting expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022
as the Company completed its emergence from bankruptcy in September 2021. 

Depreciation expense decreased by 1.2 million,
or 100 to nil million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily as a result
of the emergence from bankruptcy and the Company did not have aircraft for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Impairment expenses of intangible assets increased
by 0.9 million, or 100 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as the Company discontinued the Mano game and the alSpace platform, and
the Company abandoned the related software in November 2022. Accordingly, the Company provided full impairment against the software. 

Impairment of goodwill 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded full impairment of 4.7 million against goodwill arising from fresh accounting because of the underperformance of the aircraft
leasing business. 

Reorganization gains, net 

Effective
on September 30, 2021, we completed our emergence from bankruptcy. We adopted fresh start accounting and recognized reorganization
gains of 27.7 million from our previous leasing and financing services to regional airlines for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Income tax (benefits) provision 

The
Company recorded income tax benefit of 48,900 for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 0.52 of pre-tax loss, compared to 18,000 income
tax expense, or 0.12 of pre-tax loss in the same period of 2021. The
difference in the effective federal income tax rate from the normal statutory rate in the year of 2022 was primarily related to release
of the reserve on the Company s unrecognized tax benefits due to the lapse of statute of limitations in 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On September 30, 2021, the Company emerged from
bankruptcy with a restructured balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total net assets of approximately 7.0 million. 

As the Company has disclosed in Note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company settled the liabilities subject to compromise with aircraft included in the assets held
for sale. 

On September 30, 2021 and pursuant to the Plan
Sponsor Agreement, the Company closed the transactions with the Plan Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold, and the Plan
Sponsor purchased, 14,354,635 shares of common stock (given effect to five for one forward stock split), par value 0.001 per share, of
the Company at 0.77 (given effect to five for one forward stock split) for each share of Common Stock, for an aggregate purchase price
of approximately 11,053,100. The Plan Sponsor made the payments before September 30, 2021. 

On October 18, 2022, the Company closed a private
placement by offering 4,400,000 shares of common stock, at per share price of 1.0. The Company received gross proceeds of 4.4 million
from the private placement. 

21 

On
January 20, 2023 and February 15, 2023, the Company closed private placements by offering 4,314,615 shares of common stock and
765,384 shares of common stock, respectively. The per share price was 1.30. The received gross proceeds aggregating 6.6
million. 

On September 30, 2021, the Company emerged from
bankruptcy with a restructured balance sheet. Since its emergence through December 31, 2022, the Company incurred recurring net losses.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported net losses of 9.3 million and cash outflows from operating activities of 5.9
million. These conditions raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s liquidity is based on its
ability to generate cash from operating activities and obtain financing from investors to fund its general operations and capital expansion
needs. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on management s ability to successfully execute its
business plan, which includes increasing revenue while controlling operating cost and expenses to generate positive operating cash flows
and obtain financing from outside sources. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had working
capital of 7.0 million, among which the Company held cash of 7.3 million, stable coins of 3.1 million and digital assets of 0.4 million,
which were highly liquid and easily convertible into cash over the market. On the other hand, the Company had current liabilities of 5.6
million, which comprised of a non-cash item of 5.2 million, representing advance of subscription fees from investors. The advance was
classified to equity upon closing of private placements in January and February 2023. Given the financial condition of the Company and
its operating performance, and the advance of subscription receivable mentioned above, the Company assesses current working capital is
sufficient to meet its obligations for the next 12 months from the issuance date of this report. Accordingly, management continues to
prepare the Company s consolidated financial statements on going concern basis. 

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and (iii) the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Estimates and judgments are
used when accounting for the application of fresh start accounting, realization of goodwill, current value of the Company s assets
held for sale, the amount and timing of future cash flows associated with each asset that are used to evaluate whether assets are impaired,
accounting for income taxes, and the amounts recorded as allowances for doubtful accounts. 

Cash Flow 

Because the Company just emerged from bankruptcy
on September 30, 2021, the cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to provision and usage by the predecessor of
the Company for the period from January 1, 2021 through September 29, 2021, and provision and usage by the successor of the Company for
the period from September 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 

Since emerging from bankruptcy to date, the Company
financed the operations primarily through cash flow from operations and capital injections from the sponsors. The Company plans to support
the future operations primarily from cash generated from the operations and cash on hand. 

On October
18, 2022, the Company completed a private placement to certain accredited investors, of an aggregate of 4,400,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, 0.001 par value per share, at a price of 1.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 4.4
million. 

On December 23, 2022, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors named in the Purchase Agreement
(collectively, the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell up to an aggregate of 5,280,000 shares of the
Company s common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock at a purchase price of 1.30 per share, or 6.9
million (the Private Placement ). 

On January 20, 2023, the Company completed an
initial sale of 4,314,615 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Private Placement to certain Purchasers for an aggregate purchase price
of 5.6 million, or 1.30 per share. 

On February 15, 2023, the Company completed the
final sale of 765,384 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Private Placement to a Purchaser for an aggregate purchase price of 1.0
million, or 1.30 per share, for combined total issuance of 5,079,999 shares of Common Stock for gross proceeds of approximately 6.6
million to the Company under the Private Placement, before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 

The following is a discussion of historical cash
flows from operating, investing and financing activities: 

Operating activities 

The
Company s net cash outflow from operations was 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was mainly attributable
to payment of 2.0 million for salaries and welfare, and payment of 2.2 million for professional fees and legal expenses with our launch
of our GameFi business, 0.8 million for the maintenance cost for the Marsprotocol platform. 

The Company s net cash outflow from operations
was 1.1 million for the period from September 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, which was mainly attributable to payment of 1.3 million
for professional fees and legal expenses with respect to the Company s Chapter 11 Cases and restructuring and recapitalization effort. 

The Company s net cash outflow from operations
was 1.3 million for the period from January 1, 2021 through September 29, 2021, which was mainly attributable collection of finance lease
income of 1.1 million, against payment of 2.4 million for professional fees and legal expenses with respect to the Company s Chapter
11 Cases and restructuring and recapitalization effort. 

22 

Investing activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased digital assets of 46,300 and
acquired a subsidiary at cost of 10,000. 

For the period from September 30, 2021 through
December 31, 2021, the Company made a deposit of 1.0 million to a third-party vendor for development of Mano, the Company s first
NFT game. 

For the period from January 1, 2021 through September
29, 2021, the Company received net cash of 12.0 million from asset sales. 

Financing activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received subscription fees of 2.4 million from investors for the private placement that
closed in October 2022, and subscription fees of 3.4 million advanced from investors for the private placement closed in January and
February 2023. 

For the period from September 30, 2021 through
December 31, 2021, the Company paid special dividends of 999,800 to stockholders that held shares of Common Stock of the Company as of
the effective date of the Plan prior to the sale and issuance of Common Stock of the Company to the plan sponsor investors. 

For the period from January 1, 2021 through September
29, 2021, the Plan Sponsor contributed 11.0 million to the Company to subscribe for 14,354,635 shares of common stock (given effect to
five for one forward stock split), and repaid notes payable of 16.5 million 

During 2021, the Company borrowed 2.5 million
in the form of paid-in-kind interest that was added to the outstanding principal balance under the MUFG Indebtedness and Drake Indebtedness. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments
and Estimates 

The Company s discussion and analysis of
its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements included in this report, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these
financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements or during the applicable
reporting period. In the event that actual results differ from these estimates or the Company adjusts these estimates in future periods,
the Company s operating results and financial position could be materially affected. For a further discussion of Critical Accounting
Policies, Judgments and Estimates, refer to Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

Disclosure under this item has been omitted pursuant
to the rules of the SEC that permit smaller reporting companies to omit this information. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The financial statements required by this item
begin on page F-1 with the index to financial statements followed by the financial statements. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Act of 1934. Our disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be included in our SEC reports is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, relating to the Company, including our consolidated
subsidiaries, and was made known to them by others within those entities, particularly during the period when this report was being prepared.
Based upon that evaluation, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded
that, due to the material weakness described below, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.
 We will continue undertaking the remedial steps to address
the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described below in the section titled Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

23 

The management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurances with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Additionally, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act. As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting
based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). A
Material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) Auditing Standard
No. 2) or a combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Based on such assessment, management concluded that as of December
31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Management has identified the following material weakness: 

ineffective
oversight of the Company s internal control over financial reporting relating to our tax review control for complex transactions;
and 

lack
of segregation of duties as the Company only has four (4) employees, three of whom are executive officers. 

We
are implementing measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate material weaknesses, including
the following: 

We are in the process of enhancing our tax
 review control related to unusual transactions that we may encounter, but that control has not operated for a sufficient time to
 determine if the control was effective as of December 31, 2022; and 

The
Company plans to enhance the staffing and competency level within the accounting and finance department. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting, as such report is not required due to the Company s status as a smaller reporting company. 

Change in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

24 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Significant
Employees 

The following table and text set forth the names
and ages of our current directors, executive officers and significant employees as of December 31, 2022. Our Board of Directors is comprised
of only one class. All of the directors will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are elected
and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. There are no family relationships among any of the directors
and executive officers. Our directors have received compensation in the form of cash for their services on the Board. 

Name

Age 
 
 Position 

Yucheng Hu 
 
 37 
 
 Chairman, President, Chief
 Executive Officer, and Director 

Yunheng (Brad) Zhang (1) 
 
 30 
 
 Chief Operating Officer
 and Director 

Qin (Carol) Wang 
 
 33 
 
 Chief Financial Officer,
 Treasurer and Secretary 

Siyuan Zhu (2)(3) 
 
 39 
 
 Director 

Jianan Jiang (2)(4) 
 
 37 
 
 Director 

Qin Yao (2)(5) 
 
 40 
 
 Director 

(1) Mr. Zhang was appointed Chief Operating Officer and a director on October
1, 2022. 

(2) Independent Director 

(3) Chairperson of the Audit Committee and Member of the Compensation
Committee 

(4) Chairperson of the Compensation Committee and Member of the
Audit Committee 

(5) Member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee 

There are no arrangements
or understandings between our directors and executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any director or officer was or
is to be selected as a director or officer. 

Business Experience 

Executives 

Mr.
Yucheng Hu, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer . Mr. Yucheng Hu has been our president and chief executive officer since
September 30, 2021, and our director since October 1, 2021. Mr. Hu is the founder of Chengdu Quleduo Technology Co., Ltd., and has served
as its Chief Executive Officer since 2011. Mr. Hu is a successful entrepreneur with over 15 years of experience in the internet industry.
Mr. Hu established the Xiyou online mobile game platform (www.x52xiyou.com),
which is a popular online gaming platform in China. Mr. Hu has also formed various software programming studios, such as the Mengqu studio,
and has developed various mini-programs for social media applications such as the click-and-play application for instant
on-line games access. Mr. Hu brings a wealth of management experience to the Board, including several executive positions within the
internet and online gaming industry. 

Yunheng
(Brad) Zhang, Chief Operating Officer and Director . Mr. Zhang served as the finance manager
of the Company from October 2021 to September 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhang was a product manager with Nengfan
Technology Co. from 2020 to 2021. Mr. Zhang also served as the financial accountant of Midea Australia, an appliance company, from
December 2018 to November 2019. Mr. Zhang received his master s degree in professional accounting from Monash University in
Australia in 2018 and received his bachelor s degree in product quality engineering from Xinhua University. 

25 

Ms.
Qin (Carol) Wang, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Ms. Qin (Carol) Wang has been our chief financial officer, secretary
and treasurer since September 30, 2021. Ms. Wang has been an independent financial consultant since June 2020, specializing in M A
transactions for companies listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market and New York Stock Exchange. Prior to that, Ms. Wang served as the finance
controller and financial advisor of TD Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: GLG) from February 2018 to May 2020. Through July 2016 to January 2018,
Ms. Wang served as a senior investment manager for Yikuan Asset Management Company. Ms. Wang began her career at Ernst Young where
she served as a senior auditor from September 2012 to June 2015. She is skilled at M A transactions, US GAAP and IFRS financial reporting,
implementing new accounting standards, corporate financial management and planning. Ms. Wang holds a Master s degree in Finance
from Renmin University of China and a Bachelor s degree in Economics from Donghua University. Ms. Wang is a certified public accountant
and is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of Association of International Accountants. 

Non-Employee Directors 

Ms.
Siyuan Zhu, Director . Ms. Siyuan Zhu has been our director since October 1, 2021. Ms. Zhu is currently a senior finance manager of
Asia Region of IAC (Shanghai) Management Co., Ltd. since 2016. From 2013 to 2015, Ms. Zhu has served as a finance manager in IAC (Shanghai)
Automotive Component Technology Co., Ltd. Prior to 2013, Ms. Zhu held various positions at KPMG Huazhen for a total of seven years and
served as a program manager from 2011 to 2013. Ms. Zhu has served as an independent director of TD Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: GLG) from
May 2019 to April 2021. Ms. Zhu holds a Bachelor s degree in Foreign Language and Literature from Shanghai International Studies
University. Ms. Zhu is a certified public accountant in China and has served as an independent director on another Nasdaq listed company,
which, the Company believes, makes Ms. Zhu qualified to be on the Board. 

Mr. Jianan Jiang, Director.
 Mr. Jianan Jiang has been our director since October 1, 2021. Since February 2019, Mr. Jiang has been serving as the lead data scientist
for Stori Card in Washington, DC, which is a fast-growing Fintech company using Artificial Intelligence technology to provide better
financial products for the underserved community in Latin America. Prior to that, he worked as data analyst and data science manager
for Capital One from October 2014 to January 2019. Mr. Jiang served as co-founder and chief executive office of Schema Fusion LLC from
May 2013 to September 2014. Mr. Jiang received his Bachelor s degree in Civil Engineering from Qingdao Technological University
in 2008, and received his Master of Science in Management Science and Engineering from Tongji University in 2011, and received his Master
of Science in Engineering and Technology Innovation Management from Carnegie Mellon University in 2013. The Board believes that Mr. Jiang
brings a long history of technical experience to the Board which qualifies him to serve on the Board. 

Ms. Qin Yao, Director .
Ms. Qin Yao has been our director since October 1, 2021. Ms. Yao is currently an information engineer at Tencent Holdings Co., Ltd (stock
code: 00700), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and responsible for the products and market expansion of Tencent s
industrial Internet Sector since 2017. From 2010 to 2017, Ms. Yao served as an electronic information engineer in China United Network
Communications Co., Ltd. Ms. Yao has more than 10 years of investment experience in the field of cloud computing, big data, artificial
intelligence and technology information services. She also has profound knowledge of financial planning, financial budgeting and financial
risk management related to the cloud business. Ms. Yao holds a Bachelor s degree in Electronic Information Engineering from the
University of Electronic Science and Technology in Chengdu in 2004. The Board believes Ms. Yao brings a long history of product and market
expansion experience to the Board, which qualifies her to serve on the Board. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, during the past
ten years, none of our directors or executive officers were involved in any of the following: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or
against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two
years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement
in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),
the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or
commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Family Relationships and Arrangements 

There are no family relationships among any of
our directors or named executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings with any other person under which our directors
and officers was elected or appointed as a director or named executive officer. 

26 

Board Committees and Independence 

During
the period between January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the board of directors held 4 meetings. During that period, the
incumbent directors attended all of the meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees on which he or she served that were held
during the period in which he or she was a director. The Company has an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and an Executive Committee
of the Board of Directors, each of which is discussed below. Our Board of Directors has determined that all committee members are independent
under applicable NYSE and SEC rules for committee memberships. 

Board Independence.
 A majority of the Board of Directors of the Company, consisting of Ms. Zhu, Mr. Jiang and Ms. Yao, are independent directors,
as defined in Section 803A of the NYSE American Company Guide. In addition, each of Ms. Zhu, Mr. Jiang and Ms. Yao are members of the
Board s audit, compensation and nominating and governance committees. 

Audit
Committee . The Audit Committee operates under a charter adopted and approved by the board of directors, which is
available on the Company s website at https://file.mtmtgroup.com/uploads/files/468db0660db4a73f43ede24115b704e2.pdf. The Audit
Committee meets with the Company s management and its independent registered public accounting firm to review internal
financial information, audit plans and results, and financial reporting procedures. The current Audit Committee consists of Siyuan
Zhu (Chair), Qin Yao, and Jianan Jiang. The board of directors has determined that Siyuan Zhu, Qin Yao and Jianan Jiang are
independent within the meaning of Sections 803A and 803B(2) of the NYSE American Company Guide, and that Ms. Zhu is an audit
committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. The Audit Committee
held 4 meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Compensation Committee . The
Compensation Committee assists the board of directors in discharging its responsibilities relating to compensation of the Company s
directors and officers and complying with disclosure requirements regarding such compensation, if and when required and in accordance
with applicable SEC and stock exchange rules and regulations. The Compensation Committee operates under a charter adopted and approved
by the board of directors, which is available on the Company s website at https://file.mtmtgroup.com/uploads/files/f09b1d6dab27ee8822047a3ff459de31.pdf.
The current Compensation Committee consists of Jianan Jiang (Chair), Siyuan Zhu, and Qin Yao. The board of directors has determined that
Siyuan Zhu, Jianan Jiang, and Qin Yao are independent within the meaning of Section 803A and 805(c) of the NYSE American Company Guide
and Rule 10C-1(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act. The Compensation Committee held 2 meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Nominating and
Governance Committee . The Company does not have a formal nominating committee. The independent directors separately consider
and make recommendations to the full board of directors regarding any candidate being considered to serve on the board of directors,
and the full board of directors reviews and makes determination regarding such potential candidates. In light of this practice, which
is similar to the practices of many boards of directors that have a standing nominating committee, the board of directors believes it
is unnecessary to formally establish such a committee. 

Although the Company s
board of directors does not have a formal policy with respect to board of directors diversity, it strives to constitute the board of
directors with directors who bring to our Company a variety of perspectives, cultural sensitivity, life experiences, skills, expertise,
and sound business understanding and judgment derived from a broad range of business, professional, community involvement, and finance
experiences, as well as directors who have skills and experience that are relevant and helpful to the Company s industry and operations
and who have the desire and capacity to actively serve. 

Executive Committee . The
Executive Committee has the authority to acquire, dispose of and finance investments for the Company and execute contracts and agreements,
including those related to the borrowing of money by the Company, and generally exercises all other powers of the board of directors
except for those which require action by all of the directors or the independent directors under the Certificate of Incorporation or
the Bylaws of the Company, or under applicable law or stock exchange requirements. The current Executive Committee consists of only two
(2) directors, Yucheng Hu and Yunheng (Brad) Zhang, The Executive Committee did not meet during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

27 

Indemnification Agreements 

The Company executed a standard form of indemnification
agreement Indemnification Agreement with each of its Board members and executive officers (each, an Indemnitee ). 

Pursuant to and subject to the terms, conditions
and limitations set forth in the Indemnification Agreement, the Company agreed to indemnify each Indemnitee, against any and all expenses
incurred in connection with the Indemnitee s service as our officer, director and or agent, or is or was serving at the Company s
request as a director, officer, employee, agent or advisor of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability
company, or other entity or enterprise but only if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to our best interest, and in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
unlawful. In addition, the indemnification provided in the indemnification agreement is applicable whether or not negligence or gross
negligence of the Indemnitee is alleged or proven. Additionally, the Indemnification Agreement establishes processes and procedures for
indemnification claims, advancement of expenses and costs and contribution obligations. 

Delinquent Section 16 Filings. 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s directors and officers and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity
securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities
of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company
with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely upon a review of the copies of such reports furnished to the Company
and written representations that no other reports were required, the Company believes the Company s officers, directors and greater
than ten percent beneficial owners complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them in the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Code of Ethics. 

The Company has adopted a code of business conduct
and ethics, or the code of conduct. The code of conduct applies to all of the Company s employees, including its
executive officers, and non-employee directors, and it qualifies as a code of ethics within the meaning of Section 406
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder. A copy of the code of conduct is available on the Company s
website at https://file.mtmtgroup.com/uploads/files/ab7adf9a1974a8d7e34a8f1577d01657.pdf or upon written request to
the Investor Relations Department, 3000 El Camino Real, Bldg. 4, Suite 200, Palo Alto, California 94306. To the extent required by law,
any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code of conduct will be promptly disclosed publicly. To the extent permitted
by such requirements, the Company intends to make such public disclosure on its website in accordance with SEC rules. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all forms of compensation earned by our named executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2022 for services provided to the
Company and its subsidiary. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Yucheng Hu, 
 2022 
 48,000 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer(1) 
 2021 
 48,000 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 
 
 Florence Ng, 
 2022 
 130,625 
 - 
 - 
 130,625 
 
 Former Chief Operating Officer(2) 
 2021 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 Qin (Carol) Wang, 
 2022 
 120,000 
 - 
 - 
 120,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary(3) 
 2021 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 30,000 

(1) Mr.
Hu was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer on September 30, 2021. 

(2) Ms.
Ng resigned as Chief Operating Officer on September 30, 2022. 

(3) Ms.
Wang was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary on September 30, 2021. 

28 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

The compensation paid to our named executive
officers consists solely of base salary plus cash bonus payments, if any. No named executive officer of the Company receives equity compensation. 

Named Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

Yucheng Hu . In
connection with Mr. Hu s appointment as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and as an executive director of the Company,
Mr. Hu entered into the Company s standard form of employment agreement, effective as of October 1, 2021, and amended on December
16, 2021. In addition, Mr. Hu shall be eligible to receive an annual target cash bonus and equity-based incentive compensation, as determined
by the board of directors and the Compensation Committee of the board of directors, employee benefits as may be determined by the Company
in its sole discretion, and reimbursement of expenses in the course and scope of authorized Company business. On October 25, 2022, the
Board approved the increase to Mr. Hu s annual base salary from 1.00 to 192,000, effective as of October 16, 2022. Mr. Hu s
employment is at-will and may be terminated at any time for any reason. 

Yunheng (Brad) Zhang .
In connection with Mr. Zhang s appointment as Chief Operating Officer, and as an executive director of the Company, Mr. Zhang entered
into the Company s standard form of employment agreement, dated October 25, 2022, for a term of three (3) years, which provides
for an annual base salary of 150,000, effective as of October 16, 2022. In addition, Mr. Zhang shall be eligible to receive an annual
target cash bonus and equity-based incentive compensation, as determined by the board of directors and the Compensation Committee of
the board of directors, employee benefits as may be determined by the Company in its sole discretion, and reimbursement of expenses in
the course and scope of authorized Company business. 

Qin (Carol) Wang .
In connection with Ms. Wang s appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, Ms. Wang
entered into the Company s standard form of employment agreement, effective as of October 1, 2021, for a term of three (3) years, which
provides for an annual base salary of 120,000. In addition, Ms. Wang shall be eligible to receive an annual target cash bonus and equity-based
incentive compensation, as determined by the board of directors and the Compensation Committee of the board of directors, employee benefits
as may be determined by the Company in its sole discretion, and reimbursement of expenses in the course and scope of authorized Company
business. 

Florence
Ng. In connection with Ms. Ng s appointment as General Counsel and Vice President of Operations, and as an executive director
of the Company, Ms. Ng entered into an employment agreement, effective as of October 1, 2021, for a term of three (3) years, which provided
for an annual salary of 165,000 and a one-time signing fee of 18,750, plus reimbursement of expenses. Ms. Ng was covered under an insurance
policy that the Company maintained providing directors and officers liability insurance. In addition, Ms. Ng was also eligible
for participation in any health insurance coverage plan that existed. On November 1, 2021, Ms. Ng entered into an Amendment to Employment
Agreement, to change Ms. Ng s title from General Counsel and Vice President of Operations to Vice President
of Operations and Business Development as a result of Ms. Ng s relocation to the Company s headquarters in Palo Alto,
California from Hong Kong at the request of the Company to head the Company s operations and business development. On March 25,
2022, the Company amended the existing employment agreement with Ms. Ng to reflect her new appointment as Chief Operating Officer. Ms.
Ng did not receive additional compensation for serving as the Company s Chief Operating Officer and the remaining material terms
of Ms. Ng s original employment agreement were unchanged. On September 16, 2022, the Board
received the resignation of Ms. Ng as Chief Operating Officer and director, effective as of September 30, 2022, in connection with a termination
agreement dated September 16, 2022 entered into by the Company with Ms. Ng pursuant to which the Company and Ms. Ng mutually agreed to
terminate Ms. Ng s employment agreement. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

On December 29, 2021, our shareholders approved
our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan authorizes the issuance of awards for up to 1,100,000 shares of
our common stock in the form of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units,
restricted stock awards and unrestricted stock awards to officers, directors and employees of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company
or its affiliates. No awards were granted under the 2021 Plan during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31,
2022, there are no outstanding options, stock appreciation rights or long-term incentive awards outstanding. 

29 

Director Compensation 

Director Compensation Table 

Below is summary of compensation accrued or paid
to our non-executive directors during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Hu, our chairman, chief executive officer and president,
Ms. Ng., our former Chief Operating Officer, and Mr. Zhang, our current chief operating officer, received no compensation for their service
as directors and are not included in the table. The compensation Mr. Hu, Ms. Ng and Mr. Zhang received as an employee of the Company is
included in the section titled Executive Compensation. 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock
 Awards (2) 
 ) 
 Option 
Awards (3) 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Siyuan Zhu(1) 
 2022 
 18,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 18,000 

2021 
 4,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,500 

Jianan Jiang(1) 
 2022 
 18,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 18,000 

2021 
 4,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,500 

Qin Yao (1) 
 2022 
 18,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 18,000 

2021 
 4,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,500 

(1) Appointed
on October 1, 2021. 

30 

Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock as of March 15, 2023 by: (i) each person or entity that is known to the
Company to own beneficially more than five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock; (ii) each director
of the Company; (iii) each named executive officer; and (iv) all directors and named executive officers of the Company as a group. 

Name(1) 
 No. of Shares(2) 
 Percentage of Common Stock(3) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Yucheng Hu, Director,
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 5,593,700 
 17.72 

Yunheng (Brad) Zang, Director
 and Chief Operating Officer 
 0 

Qin (Carol) Wang, Chief Financial
 Officer, Company Secretary and Treasurer 
 0 

Jianan Jiang, Director 
 0 

Siyuan Zhu, Director 
 0 

Qin Yao, Director 
 0 

All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 
 5,593,700 
 17.72 

Less
than 1 

(1) Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Mega Matrix Corp., 3000 El Camino Real, Bldg. 4, Suite 200,
Palo Alto, California 94306. 

(2) Except
as indicated in the footnotes to this table, the stockholders named in the table are known to the Company to have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable.
Beneficial ownership of shares is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes any shares over which a person
exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or of which a person has the right to acquire ownership within sixty (60) days after
March 15, 2023. 

(3) For
purposes of calculating percentages, 31,564,054 shares, consisting of all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (excluding Company
treasury stock) outstanding as of March 15, 2023. 

31 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

Transactions with Related Parties 

The Company did not enter into any related party
transaction required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 

Director Independence 

A majority of our Board of Directors are independent
directors, see the discussion above under the section Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Director
Independence. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm was Audit Alliance LLP AA ). 

Fees Paid to Principal Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

The aggregate fees billed by our independent
registered public accounting firms, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees(1) 
 220,800 
 267,000 
 
 Audit related fees(2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees(3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees(4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 220,800 
 267,000 

(1) Audit
fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and the review
of our quarterly financial statements and those services normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements
including comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC matters. This information is presented as of the latest practicable
date for this annual report. 

(2) Audit-related
fees represent fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and not reported above under Audit Fees. No such fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

(3) 

 Our independent registered public accounting firms did not provide
us with tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services. No such fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
or 2021. 

(4) All
other fees include fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firms for products or services other than as described
in the immediately preceding three categories. No such fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and
Procedures . The retainer agreements between the Company and the independent public accounting firms setting forth the terms
and conditions of and estimated fees to be paid to the independent public accounting firms for audit and tax return preparation services
were pre-approved by the Audit Committee at the beginning of the respective engagements. Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee s
policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent public accounting firm, except as may be permitted
by applicable law. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is
generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally
subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated pre-approval authority to its Chair when expedition of services is necessary.
The independent public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent
of services provided by the independent public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed
to date. None of the services rendered by the independent public accounting firm in 2021 or 2020 were rendered pursuant to the de
minimis exception established by the SEC, and all such services were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

32 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this annual report on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements 

The following financial statements of the Company,
and the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms, are included at the end of this report beginning on page F-1: 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Audit Alliance LLP; Singapore, Singapore; PCAOB ID# F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 4 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

(2) Financial Statement
Schedules 

All schedules have been omitted because the required
information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto or because they are not required. 

(3) Exhibits 

The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation
S-K are listed in subparagraph (b) below. 

33 

(b) Exhibits: 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of AeroCentury Corp. and Its Debtor Affiliates. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Order of the Bankruptcy Court, as incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Mega Matrix Corp. and MarsProtocol Inc., dated December 7, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022). 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AeroCentury Corp (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of AeroCentury Corp. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 
 3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AeroCentury Corp. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of AeroCentury Corp (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022). 
 
 4(vi) 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(vi) to the registrant s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Plan Sponsor Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2021, by and among AeroCentury Corp., JetFleet Holding Corp., and JetFleet Management Corp. and Yucheng Hu, Hao Yang, Jing Li, Yeh Cheng, Yu Wang, TongTong Ma, Qiang Zhang, Yanhua Li, and Yiyi Huang. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and among AeroCentury Corp, the Plan Sponsor, and Yucheng Hu, in the capacity as the representative for the Plan Sponsor. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and between JetFleet Holding Corp. and AeroCentury Corp. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between AeroCentury Corp and Florence Ng, dated as of October 1, 2021 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Alspace Metaverse Project Entrusted Development Agreement between Feng Yue Technology Limited and AeroCentury Corp., dated as of October 1, 2021 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022). 

34 

10.8+ 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between AeroCentury Corp. and Florence Ng, dated as of November 1, 2021 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between AeroCentury Corp and Yucheng Hu, dated as of December 16, 2021 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between AeroCentury Corp. and Florence Ng, dated as of March 25, 2022 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022). 
 
 10.15+ 
 
 Termination Agreement by and between Mega Matrix Corp. and Florence Ng, dated September 16, 2022 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Mega Matrix Corp. and Florence Ng, dated September 16, 2022 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Mega Matrix Corp. and FNC Advisory Limited, dated September 16, 2022 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 29, 2022 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2022). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 23, 2022 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27, 2022). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Shareholders Agreement dated March 1, 2023 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2023). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Mega Matrix Corp. 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of Audit Alliance LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Yucheng Hu, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Qin (Carol) Wang, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Yucheng Hu, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Qin (Carol) Wang, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

These
certificates are furnished to, but shall not be deemed to be filed with, the SEC. 

Schedules
and other similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. The signatory hereby
undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules and attachments upon request by the SEC. 

+ Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

In
accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K, certain portions of this exhibit will be omitted because they are not material and would
likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if disclosed. The registrant agrees to provide an unredacted copy of the exhibit on a
supplemental basis to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Mega Matrix
 Corp. 

Dated: March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yucheng Hu 

Yucheng Hu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Yucheng Hu 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yucheng Hu 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Qin (Carol) Wang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Qin (Carol) Wang 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Yunheng (Brad) Zhang 
 
 Director and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Jianan Jiang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jianan Jiang 

/s/ Qin Yao 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Qin Yao 

/s/ Siyuan Zhu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Siyuan Zhu 

36 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and board of directors
of Mega Matrix Corp.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Mega Matrix Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Successor
Company) and September 30, 2021 (Predecessor Company), and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes
in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the three months ended December 31, 2021 (Successor
Company), for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 (Predecessor Company), and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial positions
of the Company as of December 31, 2022, 2021 (Successor Company) and September 30, 2021 (Predecessor Company), and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the three months ended December 31, 2021 (Successor Company),
and for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 (Predecessor Company), in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Basis of Accounting 

As discussed in Note 1 and 3 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company filed a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on March
29, 2021 . The Company's plan of reorganization became effective and the Company emerged from bankruptcy protection on September
30, 2021 . In connection with its emergence from bankruptcy, the Company adopted the guidance for fresh start accounting in conformity
with FASB ASC Topic 852, Reorganizations, effective as of September 30, 2021 .
Accordingly, the Company's consolidated financial statements prior to September 30, 2021 
are not comparable to its consolidated financial statements for periods after September 30, 2021 . 

Critical Audit
Matter 

The critical audit matters
communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate. 

F- 1 

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets 

As described in Note 2 and Note 8 to the financial
statements, the Company recorded its Mano game software and alSpace platform as intangible asset, with a carrying amount of 0.9 million
The Company made a full impairment against the carrying amount after deciding to discontinue the Mano game and alSpace platform on November
4, 2022 due to regulatory challenges. The Company reviews long-lived asset for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of an asset may no longer be recoverable. The recoverability of an asset that is held and used is tested by initially
comparing the carrying value of the asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by that asset. If it
is determined that an asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount by which the asset s carrying value
exceeds its fair value. 

The determination of whether an impairment indicator
has occurred involves the evaluation of subjective factors by management to assess what constitutes an event or change in circumstance
that indicates a software technology should be tested for recoverability, and therefore auditing the valuation of intangible assets involved
especially subjective judgment. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s long-lived assets impairment assessment for a held and used
asset for which management identified impairment indicators, including controls over (1) testing the effectiveness of controls over the
development of principal assumptions used in the undiscounted cash flow model, and the determination of the recoverable amount of the
software, (2) evaluating the appropriateness of the undiscounted cash flow model, and the reasonableness of the principal assumptions
used by management and (3) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the model. 

Goodwill Impairment 

As disclosed in Note
4 to the financial statements, due to the underperformance of its aircraft leasing business, the Company recognized a goodwill impairment
charge of 4.69 million relating to one reporting unit, JetFleet Management Corp. JMC , formerly as JetFleet Holding Corp.)
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company's evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value
of reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting unit primarily using the income approach
(including discounted cash flows). With respect to the income approach, management makes significant estimates and assumptions related
to forecasts of future performance, including revenues, cost of revenue, and operating expenses and risk-adjusted discount rates. 

The principal considerations
for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment assessment on goodwill relating to reporting unit under JMC
is a critical audit matter are the significant judgments and estimates made by management when determining the fair values of this reporting
unit, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures. 

Addressing the matter
involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s impairment assessment on goodwill
relating to reporting unit under JMC, including controls relating to fair value determination of this reporting unit. These procedures
also included, among others, testing the fair values of this reporting unit as determined by management, which included (1) evaluating
the effectiveness of controls relating to management s impairment assessment on goodwill relating to reporting unit and fair value
determination of reporting unit; and (2) evaluating management s process for developing the fair value of the reporting unit, which
included (a) the appropriateness of the valuation methods; (b) the completeness, mathematical accuracy and relevance of the key underlying
data adopted in the valuation; and (c) the reasonableness of the significant assumptions. 

/s/ 

, March 31,
2023 

We have served as the
Company s auditor since 2021. 

F- 2 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Rounded
to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except for share and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Successor 
 Successor 
 Predecessor 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 September 29, 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Stable coins 
 
 -
 
 -

Digital assets 
 
 -
 
 -

Finance leases receivable, net 
 -
 
 -

Taxes receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Assets held for sale 
 -
 
 -

Total current assets 

Non-current Assets: 

Goodwill 
 -

-

Deposit for intangible assets 
 -

-

Total non-current assets 
 -

-

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Subscription fee advanced from the shareholders 
 
 -
 
 -

Subscription fee advanced from the Plan Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

Liabilities subject to compromise 
 -
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 

Equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, , and shares authorized, , and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and September 29, 2021, respectively 

Paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock at cost, , and shares at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and September 29, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Total Mega Matrix Corp. (formerly AeroCentury Corp. stockholders equity (deficit) 

Non-controlling interests 

-

Total Equity (Deficit) 

Total liabilities and equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS) 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Successor 

Successor 

Predecessor 

Year ended
 December 31, 2022 

September 30, 
 2021 through December 31, 2021 

Period
 from January 1, 2021 through September 29, 2021 

Revenues and other income: 

Operating
 lease revenue 

Gamefi revenue 

- 

- 

Revenue from solo staking 

- 

- 

Net loss on disposal
 of assets 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Other
 income 

Cost of revenues 

() 

- 

- 

Gross
 (loss) profit 

Expenses: 

Impairment of digital
 assets 

- 

- 

Impairment of intangible
 assets 

- 

- 

Impairment in value
 of aircraft 

- 

- 

Interest 

Professional fees, general
 and administrative and other 

IT expenses 

- 

- 

Depreciation 

- 

- 

(Reversal) provision
 of bad debt expense 

() 

Salaries and employee
 benefits 

Insurance 

PPP Loan forgiveness 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Maintenance 

- 

- 

Other
 taxes 

- 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Impairment of goodwill 

() 

- 

- 

Reorganization
 gains, net 

- 

- 

(Loss)
 Income before income tax provision/(benefit) 

() 

() 

Income tax benefits
 (provision) 

() 
 
 Net
 (loss) income 

() 

() 

Less:
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

- 

Net
 (loss) income attributable to Mega Matrix Corp. (formerly AeroCentury Corp. s shareholders 

() 

() 

(Loss)
 earnings per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted
 average shares used in (loss) earnings per share computations: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net (loss) income 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive
 income (loss): 

Reclassification of net
 unrealized losses on derivative instruments to interest expense 

- 

- 

Tax
 expense related to items of other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income 

- 

- 

Total
 comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Less:
 comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

- 

Total
 comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Mega Matrix Corp. (formerly AeroCentury Corp. s shareholders 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
(DEFICIT) 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Mega Matrix Corp. (formerly AeroCentury Corp. Stockholder s Equity 

Common Stock 
 
 Retained 
 
 Accumulated Other 
 Non- 

Number of Stocks 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Earnings/ (Deficit) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Comprehensive Loss 
 Controlling Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Contribution into JetFleet Holding Corp. JHC 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance, September 29, 2021 (Predecessor) 

-
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Cancellation of predecessor equity 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance, September 29, 2021 (Predecessor) 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stocks to the Plan Sponsor 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Declaration and payment of dividends 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 (Successor) 

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stocks pursuant to private placement 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Acquisition of a subsidiary under common control 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 (Successor) 

-
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, unless
otherwise stated) 

Successor 
 Successor 
 Predecessor 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 September 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 
 Period from January 1, 2021 through September 29, 2021 
 
 Operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Net loss on disposal of assets 
 -
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 -

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 -
 
 -

Impairment of digital assets 
 
 -
 
 -

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 -
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 
 -
 
 -

Gain of digital assets from Gamefi revenue 
 
 -
 
 -

Gain from reversal of accounts and other payables 
 
 -
 
 -

Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 
 -
 
 -

Provision for bad debts 
 -

Non-cash interest 
 -
 
 -

Deferred income taxes 
 -

PPP loans forgiveness 
 -
 
 -

Reorganization gains 
 -
 
 -

Derivative valuations 
 -
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Stablecoins 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 -
 
 -

Finance leases receivable 
 -

-

Office lease right of use 
 -
 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Taxes receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued interest on notes payable 
 -
 
 -

Derivative liability 
 -
 
 -

Swap termination liability 
 -
 
 -

Office lease liability 
 -
 
 -

Maintenance reserves and accrued costs 
 -
 
 -

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Prepayments for intangible assets 
 -

-

Purchases of digital assets 
 
 -
 
 -

Proceeds paid to acquire a subsidiary under common control 
 
 -
 
 -

Acquisition of net assets of a subsidiary 
 
 -
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 
 -
 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Payments of dividends 
 -

-

Subscription fee advanced from investors 
 
 -
 
 -

Proceeds from private placements 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Subscription fee advanced from the Plan Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

Capital contribution into JHC 
 -
 
 -

Repayment of notes payable MUFG Credit Facility 
 -
 
 -

Repayment of notes payable Drake debt 
 -
 
 -

Repayment of notes payable Nord Term Loans 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of notes payable PPP Loan 
 -
 
 -

Debt issuance costs 
 -
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents, beginning of period/year 

Cash, cash equivalents, end of period/year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Payment of interest expenses 
 
 -

Payment of income tax expenses 
 -

Non-cash Investing and Financing activities 

Subscription fee advanced from investors in the form of USDC 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from private placements in the form of USDC 
 
 - 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except for
share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

to , effective December 30, 2021. 

in cash, from our chairman Yucheng Hu for a nominal consideration of . We intend
to use SDP to explore other crypto related business in Singapore. On September
19, 2022, through SDP, we purchased 37 Ether (ETH) for the purpose of exploring Ethereum staking opportunities following the
transition by Ethereum on September 15, 2022 from proof-of-work (PoW) to a proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism referred to as
the Merge. Prior to the Merge, Ethereum utilized a PoW validation method for digital asset transactions. Following the
Merge, Ethereum shifted to a PoS validation system where validators stake their ETH into a smart contract on Ethereum to serve as
collateral that can be destroyed if the validator behaves dishonestly or lazily. The validator (selected randomly) is then
responsible for processing the blockchain transactions, storing data and adding new blocks to the blockchain. Validators receives a
transaction fee on their staked coins in ETH as a reward for their active participation in the network. To become a validator on
Ethereum, a participant must stake 32 ETH. Till quarter ending
December 31, 2022, SDP explored Solo-Staking by staking 160
ETH to become five (5) validators to Ethereum to earn ETH rewards and yield. Solo-Staking enables SDP to utilize its ETH treasury to
stake on the Ethereum beacon chain and to earn ETH-denominated rewards directly from the Ethereum protocol. 

and Bit Digital will own of the JV Company. 

F- 7 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest
Hundred US Dollar, except for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 8 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except for share data
and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

and equity interest in JMC, respectively. 

million and
cash outflows from operating activities of million. These conditions raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

million, among which the Company held cash of million, stable coins of million and digital assets of million,
which were highly liquid and easily convertible into cash over the market. On the other hand, the Company had current liabilities of 
million, which comprised of a non-cash item of million, representing advance of subscription fees from investors. The advance was
classified to equity upon closing of private placements in January and February 2023. Given the financial condition of the Company and
its operating performance, and the advance of subscription receivable mentioned above, the Company assesses current working capital is
sufficient to meet its obligations for the next 12 months from the issuance date of this report. Accordingly, management continues to
prepare the Company s consolidated financial statements on going concern basis. 

F- 9 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar,
except for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

2. SUMMARY
OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 10 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

2. SUMMARY
OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

and nil of digital assets was recognized for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 11 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

2. SUMMARY
OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

million in 2022, as a result of the Company s determination that the carrying value for intangible assets were not recoverable. 

million in 2021, as a result of the Company s determination that the carrying values for certain aircraft were not recoverable.
The 2021 impairment losses consisted of million for five of its aircraft that were written down to their sales prices, less cost
of sale. 

F- 12 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

2. SUMMARY
OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 13 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

2. SUMMARY
OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 14 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

2. SUMMARY
OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 15 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

of Common Stock New ACY Shares at a purchase price equal to per share, for an aggregate purchase price of US million. The New ACY Shares issuance resulted in post-issuance pro forma ownership percentages of the Company common stock of (a) held by the Plan Sponsor, and (b) held by existing shareholders of the Company on the Effective Date (the Legacy ACY Shareholders ). 

F- 16 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

3. EMERGENCE FROM THE CHAPTER 11 CASES (CONTINUED) 

shares of common stock (given effect to five for one forward stock split), par value per share, of the Company (the
 ACY Common Stock at (given effect to five for one forward stock split) for each share of Common Stock, for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately (the Purchase Price ). The Securities Purchase Agreement contained customary
representations, warranties and covenants by the parties to such agreement. 

-

Professional fees and other bankruptcy related costs 
 
 -

Reorganization items, net 
 
 -

F- 17 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

of the voting shares
of the Successor, and (ii) the reorganization value of our assets immediately prior to confirmation of the Plan was less than the post-petition
liabilities and allowed claims. 

million. The valuation analysis was prepared using
financial information and financial projections and applying standard valuation techniques, including a risked net asset value analysis. 

million and million. Based on the estimates and assumptions discussed below, the Company estimated
the enterprise value to be million as of the Effective Date. 

F- 18 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

4. FRESH
START ACCOUNTING (CONTINUED) 

Less: Fair value of accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Less: Accrued payroll 

Less: Income tax payable 

Less: Deferred tax liabilities 

Fair value of successor shareholders equity 

Shares issued and outstanding upon emergence 

Per share value 

a 

- 

Accounts receivable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Finance leases receivable, net 

- 

- 

Taxes receivable 

- 

- 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

- 

- 

Goodwill 

- 

- 

a 

Assets held for sale 

()b 

- 

- 

Total assets 

() 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

()a 

- 

Accrued payroll 

- 

- 

Notes payable and accrued interest, net 

()b 

- 

- 

Lease liability 

()b 

- 

- 

Maintenance reserves 

()b 

- 

- 

Accrued maintenance costs 

()b 

- 

- 

Security deposits 

()b 

- 

- 

Unearned revenues 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Income taxes payable 

- 

- 

Deferred tax liabilities 

- 

- 

Subscription fee advanced from the Plan Sponsor 

()c 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

() 

- 

Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock 

c 

- 

Paid-in capital 

cd 

- 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

e 

a 

- 

() 

Treasury stock 

() 

d 

- 

- 

Total Mega Matrix Corp. (formerly AeroCentury Corp. stockholders equity (deficit) 

() 

Total liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 

() 

F- 19 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

4. FRESH
START ACCOUNTING (CONTINUED) 

for common stocks (given effect to five for one forward stock split) paid by the Plan Sponsor, against the bank charges of 

Lease liability 

Maintenance reserves 

Security deposits 

Drake Indebtedness 

Less: Amounts settled per the Plan of Reorganization 

Aircraft included in the assets held for sale 

Reorganization gain per the Plan of Reorganization 

Add: Gain on settlement of liabilities subject to compromise before Plan of Reorganization 

Reorganization gain 

million, and the proceeds from the sales were settled against the liabilities subject to compromise of
 million, and the Company recognized reorganization gains of million. 

F- 20 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

4. FRESH
START ACCOUNTING (CONTINUED) 

Reorganization adjustment 

common stocks (given effect to five for one forward stock split) to the Plan Sponsor, at per share of (given effect to five for one forward stock split), with total subscription fee of , among which was paid before September 29, 2021 and was paid on September 30, 2021. 

and treasury stock of attributable to predecessor shareholders 

Cancellation of paid in capital and treasury stock 

Less: Fair value of total assets 

() 
 
 Goodwill 

million against goodwill due to underperformance of aircraft leasing business. 

F- 21 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

-

USDT 
 
 -

-

Collection of USDC from subscription fee from investors 

Payment of service fees 

Exchange into ETH 

Exchange into USDC 

Collection of USDC from subscription fee from investors 

Payment of service fees 

-

on digital assets, representing impairment of on ETH and on BNB, respectively. 

Purchase of ETH 

Exchange of stable coins to ETH 

Borrowings of ETH from a third party 

Charges 

Impairment of ETH 

F- 22 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

, respectively, for nil and five of its aircraft held for sale that
were written down to their sales prices, less cost of sale. 

F- 23 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

7. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED) 

, (ii) application of collected maintenance
reserves and a security deposit held by the Company to past due amounts for the other two aircraft, (iii) payments totaling in
January 2020 for two of the leases and (iv) the reduction of future payments due under the two finance leases. Because of the uncertainty
of collection of amounts receivable under the finance leases, the Company did not recognize interest income on the finance lease receivables
(i.e., they are accounted for on a non-accrual basis) and their asset value is based on the collateral value of the aircraft that secure
the finance leases, net of projected sales costs. 

related to one of the two sales-type finance leases as a result of its May 2021
agreement to sell the aircraft to the customer Sale Order ), and recorded a bad debt allowance of related
to the second sales-type finance lease as a result of its July 2021 agreement to sell the aircraft to the customer. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 -

Finance leases receivable 
 -
 
 -

F- 24 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

-

Less: Accumulated amortization 
 
 -

Less: Impairment 
 
 -

-
 
 -

against the software. 

and nil , respectively. 

million. 

F- 25 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Gross profit 

Total operating expenses 

Loss before income tax provision 

Net loss 

-

GameFi Business 
 -

Lease Business 

Unallocated 
 -

F- 26 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

to . Each of Nord Swaps extended
for the duration of the corresponding Nord Loan. Two of the swaps had maturities in the fourth quarter of 2020 and were terminated when
the associated assets were sold and the related debt was paid off. The other three LLC Swaps had maturities in 2025, but were sold in
March 2021 as part of the Company s sale of its membership interest in ACY E-175. 

F- 27 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

12. DERIVATIVE
INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Nord Swaps (continued) 

related to the Nord
Swaps was recognized as an expense in the period from January 1, 2021 through September 29, 2021. 

Reclassification from other comprehensive income to interest expense 
 -
 
 -

Included in interest expense 
 -
 
 -

Change in accumulated other comprehensive income 
 -
 
 -

F- 28 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

related to the reduction in its ROU Asset, net of the reduction
in its operating lease liability. 

,
which represents the Company s estimate of the incremental borrowing rate for a collateralized loan for the type of underlying asset
that was the subject of the office lease at the time the lease liability was evaluated. As a result of non-exercise of its extension option,
the Company reduced the lease liability to reflect only the three remaining rent payments in the second quarter of 2020. 

. The Company signed a lease for a smaller office suite
in the same building effective August 1, 2020. The lease provided for a term of months expiring on January 31, 2023, at a monthly
base rate of approximately , with no rent due during the first six months. The Company recognized an ROU asset and lease liability
of , both of which were non-cash items and are not reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows. No cash was paid at
the inception of the lease, and a discount rate of was used, based on the interest rates available on secured commercial real estate
loans available at the time. Upon emergence from bankruptcy on September 30, 2021, the Company terminated the office lease agreement,
and the Company had no right of use assets or lease liabilities as of September 29, 2021, December 31, 2021 and December
31, 2022. 

F- 29 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

shares of common stocks, and had shares issued and outstanding. 

shares of the Company s
common stock, par value per share, at a price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 
million. 

shares of common stocks, and had shares issued and outstanding. 

million on five assets held for sale, based on appraised values or
expected sales proceeds, which had an aggregate fair value of million. 

F- 30 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

15. FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED) 

million during 2021.
The finance lease receivables are valued at their collateral value under the practical expedient alternative. 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred income tax provision (benefits) 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 
 -

Valuation allowance 

-

Income tax (benefits) provision 

F- 31 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

17. INCOME
TAXES (CONTINUED) 

State tax expense (benefit), net of federal benefit 

Foreign tax (benefit) expenses 

Non-deductible management and acquisition fees 
 -
 
 -

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 -
 
 -

PPP loan forgiveness 
 -

-

Non-taxable income 
 -

Other non-deductible expenses 

-

Valuation allowance 

Income tax (benefits) provision 

Current and prior year tax losses 

Deferred interest expense 

Foreign tax credit 

Accrued vacation and others 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Accumulated depreciation on aircraft and aircraft engines 
 -

Deferred income 
 -

Unrealized foreign exchange gain 
 -
 
 -

Others 
 
 -
 
 -

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities), net of valuation allowance and deferred tax liabilities 
 -
 
 -

F- 32 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

17. INCOME
TAXES (CONTINUED) 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 
 -
 
 -

and respectively as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

of annual taxable income in future years. Approximately 3.2 million of
federal net operating loss carryovers may be carried forward through 2037 and the remaining 25.0 million federal net operating loss
carryovers may be carried forward indefinitely. The current year California operating loss carryovers of approximately 1.9 million will
be available to offset taxable income in future years through 2042. As discussed below, the Company does not expect to utilize the net
operating loss carryovers remaining at December 31, 2022 in future years. 

million against its net deferred tax assets not supported by either future taxable income or
availability of future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, for which realization cannot be considered more likely than
not at this time. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considered all positive and negative evidence, including
taxable loss occurred in recent years, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning
strategies, and past financial performance. Recent negative operating result has caused the Company to be in a cumulative loss position
as of December 31, 2022. 

million, which fully offsets its net deferred tax assets. 

F- 33 

MEGA MATRIX CORP. 

(formerly AeroCentury Corp. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Rounded to the Nearest Hundred US Dollar, except
for share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

17. INCOME
TAXES (CONTINUED) 

and related to unrecognized
tax benefits on its non-U.S. operations included in the Company s accounts and taxes payable. The Company anticipates decreases
of approximately to the unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months of this reporting date. A reconciliation of the beginning
and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

Additions for prior years tax positions 

Reductions from expiration of statute of limitations 

Balance at December 31 

and Bit Digital will own of the JV Company. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock at a purchase price
of per share, or million (the Private Placement ). 

shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Private Placement to certain Purchasers for
an aggregate purchase price of million, or per share. 

shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Private Placement to a Purchaser for an aggregate
purchase price of million, or per share, for combined total issuance of shares of Common Stock for gross proceeds
of approximately million to the Company under the Private Placement, before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the
Company. 

F-34 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_megamatrix.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF AEROCENTURY CORP

EXHIBIT 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The following list sets forth
the subsidiaries of the registrant as of December 31, 2022: 

Company 
 
 State
 of Incorporation 
 
 Mega Metaverse Corp. 
 
 California 
 
 Saving Digital Pte.
 Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Marsprotocol Inc. 
 
 Cayman Islands 
 
 ACY SN 15129 LLC (1) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 ACY SN 19002 Limited (1) 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 ACY SN 19003 Limited (1) 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 JetFleet Management Corp

California 
 
 1314401 Alberta Inc., d/b/a
 JetFleet Canada (1) 
 
 Alberta, Canada 

(1) Subsidiary
of JHC. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_megamatrix.htm
 CONSENT OF AUDIT ALLIANCELLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23.1 

AUDIT
ALLIANCE LLP 

A Top 18 Audit Firm 

10 Anson Road, #20-16 International Plaza, Singapore
079903. 

UEN: T12LL1223B GST Reg No:
M90367663E Tel: (65) 6227 5428 

 Website: www.allianceaudit.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-262217) of Mega Matrix Corp. (the Company of our report dated March 31,
2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report appears
in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our report includes an explanatory paragraph that
states that the Company filed a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on March 29, 2021. The
Company s plan of reorganization became effective and the Company emerged from bankruptcy protection on September 30, 2021. In connection
with its emergence from bankruptcy, the Company adopted the guidance for fresh start accounting in conformity with FASB ASC Topic 852,
Reorganizations, effective as of September 30, 2021. Accordingly the Company s consolidated financial statements prior to September
30, 2021 are not comparable to its consolidated financial statements for periods after September 30, 2021. 

 We also consent to the reference to us under the
caption Experts in the Prospectus. 

/s/ Audit Alliance LLP 

Audit Alliance LLP 

 Singapore 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_megamatrix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Yucheng Hu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Mega Matrix Corp. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other
 certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
 the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual
 report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other
 certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Yucheng Hu 

Name: 
 Yucheng Hu 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_megamatrix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Qin (Carol) Wang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Mega Matrix Corp. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other
 certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
 the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual
 report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other
 certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 function): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Qin (Carol) Wang 

Name: 
 Qin (Carol) Wang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_megamatrix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Mega
Matrix Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yucheng Hu, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Yucheng Hu 

Name:
 
 Yucheng Hu 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_megamatrix.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Mega
Matrix Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Qin (Carol) Wang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Qin (Carol) Wang 

Name: 
 Qin (Carol) Wang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mtmt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 mtmt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mtmt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mtmt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mtmt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

