<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_799698_0001493152-23-008173.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6595170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>449296</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1116378</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2282123</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1214222</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1367412</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008173.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320060357
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008173
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LadRx Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000799698
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				581642750
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15327
		FILM NUMBER:		23744837

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11726 SAN VICENTE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 650
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90049
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-826-5648

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11726 SAN VICENTE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 650
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90049

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYTRX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008173.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

CytRx
Corporation 

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 None 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

OTC
 Markets 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Securities Act Rule 405). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Based
on the closing price of the Registrant s common stock as reported on the OTC Markets, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter) was approximately million. Shares of common stock held by directors and executive officers and any ten percent or
greater stockholders and their respective affiliates have been excluded from this calculation, because such stockholders may be deemed
to be affiliates of the Registrant. This is not necessarily determinative of affiliate status for other purposes. The number
of outstanding shares of the Registrant s common stock as of March 20, 2023 was . 

LADRX
CORPORATION 

 2022
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

NOTE
 ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 3 
 
 PART
 I 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1. BUSINESS 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 43 
 
 Item
 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 44 
 
 PART
 II 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 45 
 
 Item
 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 45 
 
 Item
 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 54 
 
 Item
 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 54 
 
 Item
 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 54 
 
 Item
 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 54 
 
 Item
 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 55 
 
 Item
 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 55 
 
 PART
 III 
 
 55 
 
 Item
 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 55 
 
 Item
 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 58 
 
 Item
 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 64 
 
 Item
 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 65 
 
 Item
 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 66 
 
 PART
 IV 
 
 67 
 
 Item
 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 67 
 
 Item
 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 72 

SIGNATURES 
 
 73 

2 

NOTE
ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

References
throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company, LadRx, we, us, and our, 
except where the context requires otherwise, refer to LadRx Corporation. 

Some
of the information contained in this Annual Report may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect
to our research and development activities, business strategy, business plan, financial performance and other future events. These statements
include forward-looking statements both with respect to us, specifically, and the biotechnology sector, in general. We make these statements
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that include the words expect, 
 intend, plan, believe, project, estimate, may, should, 
 anticipate, will and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature identify forward-looking statements
for purposes of the federal securities laws or otherwise. 

All
forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and there are or will be important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe that these factors include, but are not limited to,
those factors set forth in the sections entitled Business, Risk Factors, Legal Proceedings, 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk and Controls and Procedures in this Annual Report, all of which you should review
carefully. Please consider our forward-looking statements in light of those risks as you read this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise,
except as required by law. 

If
one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materializes, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results
may vary materially from what we anticipate. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or individuals
acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this Note. 

INDUSTRY
DATA 

Unless
otherwise indicated, information contained in this Annual Report concerning our industry, including our general expectations and market
opportunity, is based on information from our own management estimates and research, as well as from industry and general publications
and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information, our
knowledge of our industry and assumptions based on such information and knowledge, which we believe to be reasonable. In addition, assumptions
and estimates of our and our industry s future performance are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due
to a variety of factors, including those described below in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. These and other
factors could cause our future performance to differ materially from our assumptions and estimates. 

TRADEMARKS 

LadRx,
LADR and ACDx are some of our trademarks used in this Annual Report. This Annual Report also includes trademarks, trade names and service
marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report
sometimes appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate that we will not assert, to
the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and
trade names. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. BUSINESS 

COMPANY
OVERVIEW 

LadRx
Corporation LadRx or the Company) is a biopharmaceutical research and development company specializing in oncology. The
Company s focus is on the discovery, research and clinical development of novel anti-cancer drug candidates that employ novel technologies
that target chemotherapeutic drugs to solid tumors and reduce off-target toxicities. During 2017, the Company s discovery laboratory in Freiburg,
Germany synthesized and tested over 75 rationally designed drug candidates with highly potent anti-cancer payloads, culminating in the
creation of two distinct classes of compounds. Four lead candidates (LADR-7 through LADR-10) were selected based on in vitro and
animal studies in several different cancer models, and based on stability and manufacturing feasibility. In addition, a novel companion
diagnostic, ACDx , was developed to identify patients with cancer who are most likely to benefit from treatment with these drug
candidates. However, the Company s research and development activities have been curtailed as they seek additional financing. 

On
June 1, 2018, the Company launched Centurion BioPharma Corporation Centurion ), a private subsidiary, and transferred all
of its assets, liabilities and personnel associated with the laboratory operations in Freiburg, Germany. In connection with said transfer,
the Company and Centurion entered into a Management Services Agreement whereby the Company agreed to render advisory, consulting, financial
and administrative services to Centurion, for which Centurion shall reimburse the Company for the cost of such services plus a 5 service
charge. On December 21, 2018, LadRx announced that Centurion had concluded the pre-clinical phase of development for its four LADR 
drug candidates, and for its albumin companion diagnostic (ACDx ). As a result of completing this work, operations taking place
at the pre-clinical laboratory in Freiburg, Germany were no longer needed and, accordingly, the lab was closed at the end of January
2019. 

On
March 9, 2022, Centurion merged with and into LadRx, with LadRx absorbing all of Centurion s assets and continuing after the merger
as the surviving entity (the Merger ). The Merger was implemented through an agreement and plan of merger pursuant to Section
253 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL and did not require approval from either our or
Centurion s stockholders. The Certificate of Ownership merging Centurion into LadRx was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware
on March 9, 2022. 

Effective
September 26, 2022, the Company changed its name from CytRx Corporation to LadRx Corporation pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment to
our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
In accordance with the DGCL, its board of directors (the Board approved the name change and the Certificate of Amendment.
Pursuant to Section 242(b)(1) of the DGCL, stockholder approval was not required for the name change or the Certificate of Amendment. 

LadRx
is a Delaware corporation, incorporated in 1985. Our corporate offices are located at 11726 San Vicente Boulevard, Suite 650, Los Angeles,
California 90049, and our telephone number is (310) 826-5648. Our web site is located at http://www.ladrxcorp.com. We do not incorporate
by reference into this Annual Report the information on, or accessible through, our website, and you should not consider it as part of
this Annual Report. 

LADR
Drug Discovery Platform 

The
LADR Technology offers the opportunity for multiple pipeline drugs. The Company s LADR (Linker Activated Drug Release) technology
platform consists of an organic backbone that is attached to a chemotoxic agent. The purpose of the LADR backbone is to first
target and deliver the chemotoxic agent to the tumor environment, and then to release the chemotoxic agent within the tumor. By delivering,
concentrating, and releasing the chemotoxic agent within the tumor, one expects to reduce the off-target side-effects of the chemotherapeutic,
which in turn allows for several-fold higher dosing of the chemotherapeutic to the patient. Being small organic molecules, the Company
expects LADR-based drugs to offer the benefits of targeting the tumor without the complexity, side effects, and expense inherent in macromolecules
such as antibodies and nanoparticles. 

The
Company s LADR-based drugs use circulating albumin as the binding target and as the trojan horse to deliver the LADR drugs
to the tumor. Albumin is the most abundant protein in plasma and accumulates inside tumors due to the aberrant vascular structure that
exists within solid tumors. Tumors use albumin as a nutritional source and for transport of signaling and other molecules that are important
to the maintenance and growth of the tumor, which makes albumin an excellent target for drugs that are intended for solid tumors. 

4 

The
Company s LADR development efforts are focused on two classes of ultra-high potency albumin-binding drugs. These LADR-based
drugs, LADR7, 8, 9, and 10, combine the proprietary LADR backbone with novel derivatives of the auristatin and maytansinoid drug
classes. Auristatin and maytansinoid are highly potent chemotoxins, and require targeting to the tumor for safe administration to humans,
as is the case for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA )-approved drugs Adcetris (auristatin antibody-drug-conjugate
by Seagen) and Kadcyla (maytansine antibody-drug-conjugate by Genentech). We believe that LADR-based drugs offer the benefits of tumor
targeting without the disadvantages of antibodies and other macromolecules, which include expense, complexity, and negative side effects.
Additionally, albumin is a very well-characterized drug target, which we believe will reduce clinical and regulatory costs and risks. 

The
Company s postulated mechanism of action for LADR-based drugs is as follows: 

after
 administration, the linker portion of the drug conjugate forms a rapid and specific covalent
 bond to the cysteine-34 position of circulating albumin; 

circulating
 albumin preferentially accumulates in tumors due to a mechanism called Enhanced Permeability
 and Retention , which results in lower exposure to the drug in noncancerous tissues
 of the heart, liver, and other organs; 

once
 localized at the tumor, the acid-sensitive linker of the LADR backbone is cleaved
 due to the specific conditions within the tumor and in the tumor microenvironment; and 

free
 active drug is then released within the tumor, causing tumor cell death. 

The
first-generation LADR-based drug is called aldoxorubicin. Aldoxorubicin is the drug doxorubicin attached to the first generation LADR 
backbone (LADRs 7-10 employ a next generation LADR backbone). Aldoxorubicin has been administered to over 600 human subjects in
human clinical trials and has proven the concept of LADR in that several-fold more doxorubicin can be safely administered to patients
when the doxorubicin is attached to LADR than when administered as native doxorubicin. Aldoxorubicin has been licensed to ImmunityBio,
Inc. (formerly known as NantCell, Inc.) ImmunityBio ), and is currently in a Phase II registrational intent trial for pancreatic
cancer. Aldoxorubicin is expected to enter a Phase I/II trial for glioblastoma in 2023. 

The
next generation LADR drugs are termed LADR7, 8, 9, and 10. A great deal of Investigational New Drug IND enabling
work has already been accomplished on LADR7-10, including in-silico modeling, in-vitro efficacy testing in several different cancer models,
in-vivo dosing, safety, and efficacy testing in several different cancer models in animals. We have also developed and proven manufacturability,
an important step prior to beginning human clinical trials. 

The
IND-enabling work that remains prior to applying to the FDA for first-in-human studies for LADR7-10 is limited due to the extensive experimentation
already completed. For example, in the case of LADR7, a manufacturing run under Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) must be completed
and some toxicology studies completed using the GMP material must be completed in animals. Toxicology studies with LADR7 have already
been completed with non-GMP manufactured drug. Management estimates that these final IND-enabling activities for LADR7 would take approximately
12 months to complete, once funded and initiated, and that first-in-human dosing would be achieved within approximately 6-9 months after
completion of the IND-enabling studies. Management further estimates that the cost to manufacture GMP material for one LADR drug,
for example LADR7, complete all pre-IND studies, and to obtain an IND could be approximately 2 million in direct costs, based on current
estimates, representing a capital-efficient path to clinical entry. 

Because
the LADR backbone in future products would be the same as the LADR backbone in current product candidates, (i.e. the chemotoxin
can be changed without changing the LADR backbone), management anticipates that future product candidates beyond LADR7-10 may
enjoy abbreviated pre-clinical pathways to first-in-human. Such abbreviated pathways would be subject to FDA review and agreement. 

5 

The
Company s novel companion diagnostic, ACDx (albumin companion diagnostic) was developed to identify patients with cancer
who are most likely to benefit from treatment with the four LADR lead assets. We have not yet determined whether the use of a
companion diagnostic will be necessary or helpful, and plan to continue to investigate this question in parallel to the pre-clinical
and clinical development of LADRs 7-10. 

The
LADR backbone and drugs that employ LADR are protected by domestic and international patents, and additional patents are
pending. 

Business
Strategy for LADR Platform 

Throughout
2022, with the assistance of oncology drug development experts, the Company has inventoried the IND-enabling data for LADRs 7-10, developed
a strategy to complete the IND-enabling studies necessary for at least one LADR drug, and worked with vendors on establishing
approximate time lines and costs to reach first-in-human dosing, inclusive of manufacturing, and completion of pre-IND studies and FDA
filings, With this important groundwork completed, we believe that management is well situated to rapidly advance our next-generation
LADR assets as soon as funding or partnering is achieved, and is working diligently to obtain funding and/or partnering of the
LADR assets. Management will continue to explore in parallel both partnered and non-partnered funding and development strategies
for LADR with a goal of obtaining the least costly capital possible to enable value inflection milestones. 

Partnering
of Aldoxorubicin 

On
July 27, 2017, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with ImmunityBio, Inc, granting to ImmunityBio the exclusive
rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize aldoxorubicin in all indications, and the Company is no longer directly working on the
development of aldoxorubicin. As part of the license agreement, ImmunityBio made a strategic investment of 13 million in LadRx common
stock at 6.60 per share (adjusted to reflect the Company s 2017 reverse stock split), a premium of 92 to the market price on
that date. In connection therewith, the Company also issued ImmunityBio a warrant to purchase up to 500,000 shares of common stock at
 6.60, which expired on January 26, 2019. The Company is entitled to receive up to an aggregate of 343 million in potential milestone
payments, contingent upon achievement of certain regulatory approvals and commercial milestones. The Company is also entitled to receive
ascending double-digit royalties for net sales for soft tissue sarcomas and mid to high single digit royalties for other indications.
There can be no assurance that ImmunityBio will achieve such milestones, approvals or sales with respect to aldoxorubicin. 

ImmunityBio
is conducting an open-label, randomized, Phase 2 study of a combination of immunotherapy, aldoxorubicin and standard-of-care chemotherapy
versus standard-of-care chemotherapy alone for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer in patients who have
had 1 or 2 lines of treatment (Cohorts A and B) or 3 or greater lines of treatment (Cohort C). 

In
December 2022, Immunity Bio held a Type B meeting with the FDA to discuss the path for approval for this combination therapy for pancreatic
cancer. The FDA advised ImmunityBio to conduct a randomized trial. This Phase 2, randomized, three-cohort,
open-label study plans to evaluate the comparative efficacy and overall safety of standard-of-care chemotherapy versus low-dose chemotherapy
in combination with PD-L1 t-haNK, Anktiva (N-803), and aldoxorubicin in subjects with locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer
(NCT04390399). Each treatment setting, as well as each first- and second-line or later maintenance treatment, will be evaluated independently
as Cohorts A, B, and C, respectively, with Cohorts A and B having independent experimental and control arms. The primary objective of
Cohorts A and B is progression-free survival (PFS) per RECIST V1.1, and the objective of Cohort C is overall survival (OS). Secondary
objectives include initial safety and additional efficacy measures, including overall response rate (ORR), complete response (CR) rate,
durability of response (DoR), disease control rate (DCR), and overall survival (OS) 

6 

In
January 2023, ImmunityBio announced positive results in its non-randomized fully-enrolled metastatic pancreatic cancer study in
third-line or greater subjects (QUILT 88) showing that the overall survival rate for patients continues to be double compared to
historical survival rates after two or more prior lines of therapy. The results were presented at the American Society of Clinical
Oncology Gastrointestinal (ASCO GI) conference in San Francisco January 19-21, 2023. The median OS in this highly advanced group of
patients, up to seven lines (N=83) of treatment, was 5.8 months (95 CI: 4.9, 6.4 months), exceeding the approximately 2- to 3-month
historical median OS. In the third-line setting (N=41), the median OS in this group was 6.3 months (95 CI: 5.0, 7.2 months), more
than doubling the historical OS. The baseline median CA 19-9 level (a marker of metastatic pancreatic disease) of the enrolled
subjects (N=83) was very high at 4120 IU/ml, a significant increase from normal levels of 40 IU/ml. In subjects with CA 19-9 levels
less than 4120 IU/ml (N=40), the median OS was 6.9 months (95 CI: 5.7,10.9). 

Aldoxorubicin
has received Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) by the FDA for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma STS ). ODD provides several
benefits including seven years of market exclusivity after approval, certain R D related tax credits, and protocol assistance by
the FDA. European regulators granted aldoxorubicin Orphan designation for STS which confers ten years of market exclusivity among other
benefits. 

ImmunityBio
also lists ongoing clinical studies in glioblastoma; it is currently reviewing its options in STS. 

Molecular
Chaperone Assets (Orphayzme) 

In
2011, LadRx sold the rights to arimoclomol and iroxanadine, based on molecular chaperone regulation technology, to Orphazyme A/S Orphazyme ,
formerly Orphazyme ApS) in exchange for a one-time, upfront payment and the right to receive up to a total of 120 million in milestone
payments upon the achievement of certain pre-specified regulatory and business milestones, as well as royalty payments based on a specified
percentage of any net sales of products derived from arimoclomol (the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement ). Orphazyme transferred
its rights and obligations under the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement to KemPharm Denmark A/S KemPharm ), a wholly owned subsidiary
of KemPharm Inc., in May 2022 (the KemPharm Transaction ). 

In
May 2021, Orphazyme announced that the pivotal phase 3 clinical trial for arimoclomol in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis did not meet its
primary and secondary endpoints, reducing the maximum amount that LadRx currently has the right to receive under the 2011 Arimoclomol
Agreement to approximately 100 million. Orphazyme also tested arimoclomol in Niemann-Pick disease Type C NPC and Gaucher
disease, and following a Phase II/III trial submitted to the FDA a New Drug Application NDA for the treatment of NPC
with arimoclomol. On June 18, 2021, Orphazyme announced it had received a complete response letter (the Complete Response Letter from the FDA indicating the need for additional data. In late October 2021, Orphazyme announced it held a Type A meeting with the FDA,
at which the FDA recommended that Orphazyme submit additional data, information and analyses to address certain topics in the Complete
Response Letter and engage in further interactions with the FDA to identify a pathway to resubmission. The FDA concurred with Orphazyme s
proposal to remove the cognition domain from the NPC Clinical Severity Scale NPCCSS endpoint, with the result that the
primary endpoint is permitted to be recalculated using the 4- domain NPCCSS, subject to the submission of additional requested information
which Orphazyme had publicly indicated that it intended to provide. To bolster the confirmatory evidence already submitted, the FDA affirmed
that it would require additional in vivo or pharmacodynamic (PD)/pharmacokinetic (PK) data. Orphazyme planned to request a Type C Meeting
with the FDA in the second quarter of 2022. Subject to discussions with the regulatory body, Orphazyme had publicly indicated that it
planned to resubmit the NDA for arimoclomol in the second half of 2022. 

Orphazyme
had also submitted a Marketing Authorization Application MAA with the European Medicines Agency (the EMA ).
In February 2022, Orphazyme announced that although they had received positive feedback from the Committee for Medicinal Products for
Human Use CHMP of the EMA, they were notified by the CHMP of a negative trend vote on the MAA for arimoclomol for NPC
following an oral explanation. In March 2022 Orphazyme removed its application with the EMA. Orphazyme had publicly indicated that it
will assess its strategic options and provide an update to the market at the applicable time. 

7 

On
May 31, 2022, Orphazyme announced that it had completed the sale of substantially all of its assets and business activities for cash
consideration of 12.8 million and assumption of liabilities estimated to equal approximately 5.2 million to KemPharm, a specialty biopharmaceutical
company focused on the discovery and development of novel treatments for rare central nervous system CNS diseases. As
part of the KemPharm Transaction, all of Orphazyme s obligations to LadRx under the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement, including with
regard to milestone payments and royalties on sales, were assumed by KemPharm. KemPharm is expected to continue the early access programs
with arimoclomol, and to continue to pursue the potential approval of arimoclomol as a treatment option for NPC. KemPharm has indicated
it plans on resubmitting the NDA for arimoclomol to the FDA in the third quarter of 2023. In February, 2023, KemPharm published positive data based on the recent completion of their four-year open-label
safety trial that indicated arimoclomol may reduce the long-term progression of NPC. They plan on including these data as part of the
updated NDA resubmission. It is also identifying a regulatory path forward
with the EMA. KemPharm has recently re-branded to Zevra Therapeutics, Inc. 

Innovive
Acquisition Agreement 

On
September 19, 2008, we completed our merger acquisition of Innovive Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Innovive ), and its clinical-stage
cancer product candidates, including aldoxorubicin and tamibarotene. Under the merger agreement by which we acquired Innovive, we agreed
to pay the former Innovive stockholders up to approximately 18.3 million of future earnout merger consideration, subject to our achievement
of specified net sales under the Innovive license agreements. The earnout merger consideration, if any, will be payable in shares of
our common stock, subject to specified conditions, or, at our election, in cash or by a combination of shares of our common stock and
cash. Our common stock will be valued for purposes of any future earnout merger consideration based upon the trading price of our common
stock at the time the earnout merger consideration is paid. The earnout will be accrued if and when earned. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, no amounts were due under this agreement. 

Commercialization
and Marketing 

We
currently have no sales, marketing or commercial product distribution capabilities or experience in marketing products. 

We
are searching for a development and commercialization partner or a financing for our LADR drug candidates and do not currently plan on
commercializing them ourselves. Over the past two years, we have been unable to attract either a development and commercial partner or
a financing for this endeavor; however, we are continuing to pursue all possibilities. 

Patents
and Proprietary Technology 

We
actively seek patent protection for our technologies, processes, uses, and ongoing improvements and consider our patents and other intellectual
property to be critical to our business. We regularly evaluate the patentability of new inventions and improvements developed by us or
our collaborators, and, whenever appropriate, will endeavor to file U.S. and international patent applications to protect these new inventions
and improvements. We cannot be certain that any of the current pending patent applications we have filed or licensed, or any new patent
applications we may file or license, will ever be issued in the U.S. or any other country. There also is no assurance that any issued
patents will be effective to prevent others from using our products or processes. It is also possible that any patents issued to us,
as well as those we have licensed or may license in the future, may be held invalid or unenforceable by a court, or third parties could
obtain patents that we would need to either license or to design around, which we may be unable to do. Current and future competitors
may have licensed or filed patent applications or received patents and may acquire additional patents and proprietary rights relating
to compounds, products or processes that may be competitive with ours. 

In
addition to patent protection, we attempt to protect our proprietary products, processes and other information by relying on trade secrets
and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants and certain other persons who have access to such products, processes and
information. Under the agreements, all inventions conceived by employees are our exclusive property, but there is no assurance that these
agreements will afford significant protection against misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets and confidential
information. 

8 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have three granted U.S. patents and twenty-five granted foreign patents, and two pending U.S. patent applications
and thirty-eight pending foreign patent applications covering our LADR TM -related technology including LADR-7, LADR-8, LADR-9
and LADR-10. The un-extended patent term of patents that issue covering our LADR TM -related technology is between June 2036
and November 2038. We also have one pending US patent application and fourteen pending foreign patent applications covering our albumin
companion diagnostic (ACDx TM ). The un-extended patent term of patents that issue covering our ACDx TM is July 2039.
The patents and patent applications covering our LADR TM -related technology, and ACDx TM are assigned to LadRx Corporation.
In conjunction with our July 27, 2017, ImmunityBio licensing agreement, we granted ImmunityBio an exclusive license to all our aldoxorubicin-related
patents, including the rights in three granted U.S. patents, twenty granted foreign patents and three pending foreign patent applications
covering aldoxorubicin and related technologies. Our intellectual property holdings relating to aldoxorubicin, and related technologies
include an exclusive license from Vergell Medical, S.A Vergell ). Patents and applications that cover pharmaceutical compositions
comprising aldoxorubicin and their use in treating cancer (including glioblastoma) have un-extended patent terms expiring between December
2033 and June 2034. 

LICENSE
AGREEMENTS 

Aldoxorubicin 

We
are the licensee of patent rights held by KTB Tumorforschungs GmbH KTB for the worldwide development and commercialization
of aldoxorubicin under a license agreement dated April 17, 2006. In February 2017, we received notice that KTB had transferred and assigned
its rights and obligations under the license to Vergell. The license is exclusive and applies to all products that may be subject to
the licensed intellectual property in all fields of use. We may sublicense the intellectual property in our sole discretion. Pursuant
to an amendment to the license agreement entered into in March 2014, we also have a non-exclusive worldwide license to any additional
technology that is claimed or disclosed in the licensed patents and patent applications for use in the field of oncology. 

Under
the agreement, we must make payments to Vergell in the aggregate of up to 7.5 million upon meeting certain clinical and regulatory milestones,
and up to and including the product s second final marketing approval. We also agreed to pay: 

commercially
 reasonable royalties based on a percentage of net sales (as defined in the agreement); 

a
 percentage of any non-royalty sub-licensing income (as defined in the agreement); and 

milestones
 of 1 million for each additional final marketing approval that we obtain. 

In
the event that we must pay a third party in order to exercise our rights to the intellectual property under the agreement, we are entitled
to deduct a percentage of those payments from the royalties due Vergell, up to an agreed upon cap. 

Under
the agreement with Vergell, we must use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct the research and development activities we determine
are necessary to obtain regulatory approval to market aldoxorubicin in those countries that we determine are commercially feasible. Under
the agreement, Vergell is to use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide us with access to suppliers of the active pharmaceutical
ingredient, or API, of aldoxorubicin, on the same terms and conditions as may be provided to Vergell by those suppliers. 

The
agreement will expire on a product-by-product basis upon the expiration of the subject patent rights. We have the right to terminate
the agreement on 30 days notice, provided we pay a cash penalty to Vergell. Vergell may terminate the agreement if we are in breach
and the breach is not cured within a specified cure period, or if we fail to use diligent and commercial efforts to meet specified clinical
milestones. 

9 

Molecular
Chaperone Assets 

The
agreement relating to our worldwide rights to arimoclomol provides for our payment up to an aggregate of 3.65 million upon receipt of
milestone payments from KemPharm. 

Competition 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis
on proprietary products. While we believe that our LADR technology platform and ultra-high potency albumin-bind drug conjugates
provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions.
Any drug candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become
available in the future. 

Many
competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater scientific, research and product development capabilities, as well as
greater financial, marketing and human resources than we do. In addition, many specialized biotechnology firms have formed collaborations
with large, established companies to support the research, development and commercialization of products that may be competitive with
ours. 

There
are many companies developing antibody-drug conjugates (ADC) for the treatment of cancer and some that use the same classes of cytotoxic
payloads as we are currently using. These include Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. and Seattle Genetics Inc. who market Adcetris ,
and F. Hoffmann-LaRoche Ltd./Genentech who market Kadcyla . According to www.clinicaltrials.gov, many other major pharmaceutical
companies, including Celgene and GlaxoSmithKline are testing an ADC in either on-going or currently enrolling clinical trials. Other
companies have created or have programs to create cell-killing agents for attachment to antibodies or other targeting agents. These companies
may compete with us for technology out-license arrangements. 

In
addition to ADCs, we face competition from other nanomedicine platforms developing targeted therapies, including platforms focused on
nanoparticles and liposomes. Non-ADC therapies may be in development for the cancer types we or our partners elect to pursue. Further,
these companies may also compete with us for technology out-license arrangements. 

Continuing
development of conventional and targeted cytotoxins by large pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies may result in new compounds
that may compete with our product candidates. More recently, immuno-oncology therapies that stimulate the body s own defense system
to attack cancers are being developed by certain of these companies and some have been approved for use as cancer therapeutics. In the
future, immuno-oncology agents including cell therapies, targeted therapies or cytotoxic treatments may compete with our product candidates.
Other companies have created or have programs to create potent cell-killing agents for attachment to tumor targeting agents. These companies
may compete with us for technology out-license arrangements. 

Our
commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are more effective,
have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors
also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we obtain approval for ours. In addition, our ability
to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products. If
our drug candidates achieve marketing approval, we expect that they will be priced at a significant premium over competitive generic
products. 

Many
companies, including large pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms with financial resources, research and development staffs, and facilities
that may be substantially greater than those of ours or our strategic partners or licensees, are engaged in the research and development
of pharmaceutical products that could compete with our potential products. To the extent that we seek to acquire, through license or
otherwise, existing or potential new products, we will be competing with numerous other companies, many of which will have substantially
greater financial resources, large acquisition and research and development staffs that may give those companies a competitive advantage
over us in identifying and evaluating these drug acquisition opportunities. Any products that we acquire will be competing with products
marketed by companies that in many cases will have substantially greater marketing resources than we have. The industry is characterized
by rapid technological advances and competitors may develop their products more rapidly and such products may be more effective than
those currently under development or that may be developed in the future by our strategic partners or licensees. Competitive products
for a number of the disease indications that we have targeted are currently being marketed by other parties, and additional competitive
products are under development and may also include products currently under development that we are not aware of or products that may
be developed in the future. 

10 

Government
Regulation 

Regulation
of Pharmaceuticals in the United States 

The
U.S. and other developed countries extensively regulate the preclinical and clinical testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping,
advertising, promotion, export, marketing and distribution of drugs and biologic products. In the United States, the FDA, under the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), the Public Health Service PHS Act and other federal statutes and regulations,
regulates pharmaceutical and biologic products and product candidates, and the parties engaged in the development, testing, manufacture,
distribution, storage, marketing, labeling, advertising, and/or commercialization thereof (in addition to any other related activities)
are subject to rigorous pre- and post-market requirements. 

To
obtain FDA approval for a new drug candidate, we must, among other requirements, submit data supporting the candidate s safety
and efficacy for the intended indication(s), as well as detailed information on the manufacture and composition of the product candidate.
In most cases, this will require extensive laboratory tests and preclinical and clinical trials. The collection of these data, as well
as the preparation of applications for review by the FDA involve significant time and expense and are inherently complex and uncertain.
The FDA may not act quickly or favorably in reviewing these applications, and we (and/or any current or future partners in development)
may encounter significant difficulties or costs in our (and/or their) efforts to obtain FDA approvals that could delay or preclude the
U.S. commercialization of one or more of our product candidates. 

The
process required by the FDA before a new drug may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves some or all of the following key steps: 

completion
 of nonclinical studies, such as laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies, performed in compliance with FDA regulations
 for good laboratory practices GLPs and other applicable regulations; 

design
 of a clinical protocol and its submission to the FDA as part of an Investigational New Drug application IND ), which
 must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to good clinical practices GCPs to establish the
 safety and efficacy of the product candidate for its intended use; 

submission
 of an NDA to the FDA along with payment of the application user fee and FDA acceptance of that NDA as a complete submission eligible
 for substantive review; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities at which the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API,
 and finished drug product are produced and tested to assess readiness for commercial manufacturing and conformance to the manufacturing-related
 elements of the application, to conduct a data integrity audit, and to assess compliance with current good manufacturing practices
 cGMPs ), in order to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug candidate s
 identity, strength, quality and purity; 

possible
 inspection of selected clinical study sites to confirm compliance with GCP requirements and data integrity; and 

FDA
 substantive review and approval of the NDA, including satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review of the product
 candidate, if applicable, which must occur prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug product in the United States. 

11 

Preclinical
Studies 

After
a therapeutic candidate is identified for development, it enters the preclinical or nonclinical testing stage. Preclinical studies include
laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy.
Preclinical tests intended for submission to the FDA to support the safety of a product candidate must be conducted in compliance with
GLP regulations and the United States Department of Agriculture s Animal Welfare Act, if applicable. A drug sponsor must submit
the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature,
among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. Some nonclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. In addition to including
the results of the nonclinical studies, the IND will include one or more clinical protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives
of the clinical trial and the safety and effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. 

An
IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related
to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the clinical trial on a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA
must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA
allowing clinical trials to commence. A clinical hold may occur at any time during the life of an IND and may affect one or more specific
studies or all studies conducted under the IND. Occasionally, clinical holds are imposed due to manufacturing issues that may present
safety issues for the clinical study subjects. 

Human
Clinical Trials in Support of an NDA 

The
clinical investigation of an investigational new drug is divided into three phases that typically are conducted sequentially but may
overlap or be combined. The three phases are as follows: 

Phase
 1. Phase 1 includes initial clinical trials introducing an investigational new drug into humans and may be conducted in subjects
 with the target disease or healthy volunteers. These trials are designed to determine the metabolism and pharmacologic actions of
 the drug in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase
 2. Phase 2 includes the controlled clinical trials conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the drug candidate for a particular
 indication or indications in subjects with the disease or condition under study and to determine the common short-term side effects
 and risks associated with the drug. Phase 2 trials are typically well controlled, closely monitored, and conducted in a relatively
 small number of subjects. 

Phase
 3. Phase 3 trials are typically large trials performed after preliminary evidence suggesting effectiveness of the drug candidate
 has been obtained. They are intended to gather additional information about the effectiveness and safety that is needed to evaluate
 the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide an adequate basis for physician labeling and product marketing approval.
 Phase 3 trials usually are conducted at geographically dispersed clinical study sites. 

A
clinical trial may combine the elements of more than one phase and the FDA often requires more than one Phase 3 trial to support marketing
approval of a product candidate. A company s designation of a clinical trial as being of a particular phase is not necessarily
indicative that the study will be sufficient to satisfy the FDA requirements of that phase because this determination cannot be made
until the protocol and data have been submitted to and reviewed by the FDA. Human clinical trials are inherently uncertain and Phase
1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 testing may not be successfully completed. 

A
pivotal trial is a clinical trial that is believed to satisfy FDA requirements for the evaluation of a product candidate s safety
and efficacy such that it can be used, alone or with other pivotal or non-pivotal trials, to support regulatory approval. Generally,
pivotal trials are Phase 3 trials, but they may be Phase 2 trials if the design provides a well-controlled and reliable assessment of
clinical benefit, particularly in an area of unmet medical need. 

12 

Clinical
trials must be conducted under the supervision of one or more qualified investigators in accordance with the FDA s GCP requirements.
They must be conducted under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, dosing procedures, research subject selection and exclusion
criteria and the safety and effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol, and any subsequent material amendment to the protocol,
must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND, and progress reports detailing the status of the clinical trials must be submitted to
the FDA annually. Sponsors also must report to the FDA serious and unexpected adverse reactions in a timely manner, any clinically important
increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigation brochure or any findings
from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the product or therapeutic
candidate. The FDA may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, via a clinical hold, or impose
other sanctions if it believes that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or that the subjects
are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. An institutional review board IRB ), is responsible for ensuring that
human subjects in clinical studies are protected from inappropriate study risks. An IRB at each institution participating in the clinical
trial must review and approve the protocol before a clinical trial commences at that institution and must also approve the information
regarding the trial and the consent form that must be provided to each research subject or the subject s legal representative,
monitor the trial until completed and otherwise comply with IRB regulations. The IRB also may halt a study, either temporarily or permanently,
for failure to comply with GCP or the IRB s requirements, or if the investigational new drug has been associated with unexpected
serious harm to patients. 

During
the development of a new drug product candidate, sponsors are given opportunities to meet with the FDA at certain points; specifically,
prior to the submission of an IND, at the end of Phase 2 and before an NDA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested. These
meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date and for the FDA to provide advice
on the next phase of development. Sponsors typically use the meeting at the end of Phase 2 to discuss their Phase 2 clinical results
and present their plans for the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial that they believe will support the approval of the new therapeutic. 

Post-approval
trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials
are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, FDA
may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials. 

Concurrent
with clinical trials, sponsors usually complete additional animal safety studies, develop additional information about the chemistry
and physical characteristics of the product candidate and finalize a process for manufacturing commercial quantities of the product candidate
in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product
candidate and, among other criteria, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the
finished drug product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate
that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

Marketing
Application Submission and FDA Review 

Assuming
successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, detailed information on the
product candidate is submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA requesting approval to market the drug for one or more indications. An
NDA includes all relevant data available from pertinent nonclinical studies and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results
as well as positive findings, together with detailed information on the product candidate s chemistry, manufacturing, and controls,
or CMC, and proposed labeling, among other things. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and
quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for its intended use to the satisfaction of the FDA. 

Under
the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), each NDA must be accompanied by a significant user fee. The FDA adjusts the
PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. PDUFA also imposes an annual program fee for prescription drug products. Fee waivers or reductions
are available in certain circumstances, such as where a waiver is necessary to protect the public health, where the fee would present
a significant barrier to innovation, or where the applicant is a small business submitting its first human therapeutic application for
review. 

13 

Under
the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has ten months from receipt in which to complete its initial review
of a standard NDA for a drug that is not a new molecular entity, and six months from the receipt date for an application with priority
review. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates, and the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for
additional information or clarification and a sponsor s process to respond to such inquiries. As a result, the NDA review process
can be very lengthy. Most innovative drug products (other than biological products) obtain FDA marketing approval pursuant to an NDA
submitted under Section 505(b)(1) of the FDCA, commonly referred to as a traditional (or full) NDA. 

The
FDA conducts a preliminary review of all NDAs it receives to ensure that they are sufficiently complete for substantive review before
it accepts them for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any NDA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission,
and may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with
the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. The FDA has 60
days after submission of an NDA to conduct an initial review to determine whether it is sufficient to accept for filing. If the submission
is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the NDA. The FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things,
whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use, whether it has an acceptable purity profile and whether the
product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMPs. During its review of an NDA, the FDA may refer the application to an advisory
committee of independent experts for a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. An advisory committee is a panel
of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, that reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to
whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee,
but it typically follows such recommendations. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive, and the FDA or its advisory committee
may interpret data differently than the NDA sponsor interprets the same data. The FDA may also re-analyze the clinical trial data, which
could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. 

Before
approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product
unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure
consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving the NDA, the FDA will typically inspect
one or more clinical sites to assure that the clinical trials were conducted in compliance with IND trial requirements and GCP requirements
and to assure the integrity of the clinical data submitted to the FDA. To ensure cGMP and GCP compliance by its employees and third-party
contractors, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production
and quality control. 

The
FDA may also require the submission of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, if it determines that a REMS
is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh its risks and to assure the safe use of the product. A REMS could include
medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans and/or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution
methods, patient registries or other risk minimization tools. The FDA determines the requirement for a REMS, as well as the specific
REMS provisions, on a case-by-case basis. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor must include a proposed REMS within its
NDA submission. 

After
evaluating the NDA and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding
the manufacturing facilities where the drug product or its API will be produced and the clinical trial sites, the FDA will either issue
an approval letter or, in some cases, a complete response letter CRL that describes all of the specific deficiencies
that the FDA has identified in the NDA. A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete but that the application
will not be approved in its present form. The deficiencies identified may be minor (e.g., requiring labeling changes) or major (e.g.,
requiring additional clinical trials and/or other time-consuming and expensive measures to generate the requisite safety and/or efficacy
data). After receiving a CRL, an applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter or
withdraw the application. FDA will issue a letter within 30 days of an NDA resubmission acknowledging receipt and informing the applicant
as follows. For resubmissions deemed to be complete responses to all deficiencies identified in the CRL, such letter will contain FDA s
designation of the resubmission as Class 1 or Class 2 (based on the nature of information received therein) and the corresponding due
date by which it will take action (2 months for Class 1 resubmissions and 6 months for Class 2). If FDA does not find the resubmission
to be a complete response to all CRL deficiencies, the FDA will inform the applicant, and the FDA s review clock 
will not start until a complete response is received. 

14 

Even
if a drug product receives NDA approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific indications and dosages and/or subject
to limitations, specific labeling requirements, and/or other conditions that must be met to lawfully market the product in the United
States, any or all of which could restrict the commercial value of the product. For example, the FDA may require that certain contraindications,
warnings, and/or precautions be included in the product s labeling. The FDA may also impose restrictions and conditions on product
distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a REMS, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. In addition, the FDA may
require post marketing clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, designed to further assess a
product s safety and effectiveness, and/or testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have
been commercialized. 

Post-Approval
Requirements for Prescription Drugs 

Following
approval of a new drug product, the manufacturer and the approved drug are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA,
including, among other things, monitoring and recordkeeping activities, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, product sampling
and distribution restrictions, and promotion and advertising requirements. 

Promotional
communications must be carefully crafted to ensure compliance with all applicable FDA regulations pertaining to prescription-drug marketing
and labeling. In particular, prescription-drug advertisements must generally (1) not be false or misleading, (2) present a fair
balance of information describing both the risks and benefits associated with the drug, (3) include facts that are material 
to the product s advertised uses, and (4) include a brief summary that mentions every risk described in the product s
labeling. Further, where the intended use of a prescription drug differs from the intended use approved by FDA, as listed in the product s
approved NDA, FDA has asserted that the product is an unapproved new drug and taken enforcement action against sponsors
for introducing such unapproved new drugs into interstate commerce in violation of the FDCA. This prohibited practice is also called
 off-label promotion. Although physicians may prescribe legally available products for off-label uses, sponsors may not
legally market or promote such uses. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of
off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. 

To
market an approved drug product for a new indication (i.e., beyond and/or differing from that set forth in the approved NDA), the sponsor
must submit a new NDA (or NDA supplement), which, in many cases, will require the completion of adequate and well-controlled clinical
trials to demonstrate the product s safety and efficacy in the new indication. There is no guarantee that FDA will approve an NDA
seeking an expansion of an approved drug s labeling and/or indications for use more quickly than an NDA involving a novel product
(i.e., that has never been approved for any indication) or ever. Relatedly, if the sponsor (or a contractor, partner, or other
affiliated party) makes any post-market modifications to an approved drug or the production thereof, including changes in labeling or
manufacturing processes or facilities, among other things, it may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new NDA or an NDA
supplement. 

In
addition, FDA regulations require that products be manufactured in specific approved facilities and in accordance with cGMPs. The cGMP
regulations include requirements relating to organization of personnel, buildings and facilities, equipment, control of components and
drug product containers and closures, production and process controls, packaging and labeling controls, holding and distribution, laboratory
controls, records and reports and returned or salvaged products. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and
distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and some state agencies, and are subject to
periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA for compliance with cGMPs and other requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process, specifications
or container closure system for an approved drug product are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented.
FDA regulations also require, among other things, the investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMPs and the imposition of
reporting and documentation requirements upon the NDA sponsor and any third-party manufacturers involved in producing the approved drug
product. Accordingly, both sponsors and manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort on systems relating to production
and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance and other aspects of quality control and quality assurance, and to ensure ongoing compliance
with other statutory requirements of the FDCA. We anticipate that the products we may commercialize in the United States (if any) will
be manufactured by our strategic partners (including licensees) or contractors (including any third parties who may be engaged by us
or one of our partners to conduct any commercialization activities, as well as downstream subcontractors, as applicable) and we may,
thus, be subject to enforcement action for any such third parties failures to comply with the applicable postmarket regulations
or otherwise be adversely affected by any of our partners or contractors compliance issues. 

15 

The
FDA may withdraw its approval for a drug product if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or unexpected problems
occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a drug, including serious and/or unexpected
adverse experiences, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the
approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies to assess new safety risks; or the imposition of distribution
or other restrictions under a REMS. 

We
and/or our present or future suppliers, contract manufacturers, and/or other affiliates involved in one or more of our current or future
U.S. development and/or commercialization activities (if applicable) may not be able to comply with all FDA regulatory requirements.
For example, we may believe that all clinical studies are being conducted in accordance with the FDA s IND regulations and that
none of our investigational products are being promoted with claims of safety and/or effectiveness for the intended use(s) for which
they are under investigation, but the FDA may determine otherwise, which could subject us to enforcement action and/or delay or prevent
the ultimate approval of our applicable product candidate(s). From a postmarket perspective, with regard to any products we may commercialize
in the United States in the future, we may believe our manufacturing operations (including that of our partners and/or contractors, as
applicable) are fully compliant with cGMPs and that all promotional communications disseminated by or on behalf of us are consistent
with FDA s prescription-drug marketing requirements, but the FDA may disagree and take enforcement action against us. Accordingly,
we could be subject to a number of adverse enforcement actions and/or penalties in connection with any failure(s) to comply with the
FDCA and/or its implementing regulations at any stage in development and/or commercialization (if applicable), including, but not limited
to, the following: 

fines,
 warning letters, untitled letters, public warnings, consumer advisories, dear doctor letters, and other similar publications
 or issuances; 

refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs; 

seizure,
 detention, import alerts; 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; 

consent
 decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment, or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; or 

mandated
 modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information. 

We
and our manufacturers and other partners in development and/or (future) commercialization, as applicable, also will be subject to regulation
under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Nuclear Energy and Radiation Control Act, the
Toxic Substance Control Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We will also be subject to a variety of federal, state and
local regulations relating to the use, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials, including chemicals and radioactive and
biological materials. 

We
will also be subject to a variety of regulations governing clinical trials and sales of our products outside the U.S. Whether or not
FDA approval has been obtained, approval of a product candidate by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries and regions
must be obtained prior to the commencement of marketing the product in those countries. The approval process varies from one regulatory
authority to another and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. In the European Union, Canada and Australia,
regulatory requirements and approval processes are similar, in principle, to those in the U.S. 

16 

Other
U.S. Healthcare Laws and Regulations 

Healthcare
Reform Measures 

On
March 23, 2010, former President Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (P.L. 111-148) (the ACA and on March 30, 2010, he signed the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (P.L. 111-152), collectively commonly
referred to as the Healthcare Reform Law. The Healthcare Reform Law included a number of new rules regarding health insurance,
the provision of healthcare, conditions to reimbursement for healthcare services provided to Medicare and Medicaid patients, and other
healthcare policy reforms. Through the law-making process, substantial changes have been and continue to be made to the current system
for paying for healthcare in the U.S., including changes made to extend medical benefits to certain Americans who lacked insurance coverage
and to contain or reduce healthcare costs (such as by reducing or conditioning reimbursement amounts for healthcare services and drugs,
and imposing additional taxes, fees, and rebate obligations on pharmaceutical and medical device companies). This legislation was one
of the most comprehensive and significant reforms ever experienced by the U.S. in the healthcare industry and has significantly changed
the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. This legislation has impacted the scope of healthcare insurance
and incentives for consumers and insurance companies, among others. Additionally, the Healthcare Reform Law s provisions were designed
to encourage providers to find cost savings in their clinical operations. Pharmaceuticals represent a significant portion of the cost
of providing care. This environment has caused changes in the purchasing habits of consumers and providers and resulted in specific attention
to the pricing negotiation, product selection and utilization review surrounding pharmaceuticals. This attention may result in our current
commercial products, products we may commercialize or promote in the future, and our therapeutic candidates, being chosen less frequently
or the pricing being substantially lowered. At this stage, it is difficult to estimate the full extent of the direct or indirect impact
of the Healthcare Reform Law on us. 

These
structural changes could entail further modifications to the existing system of private payors and government programs (such as Medicare,
Medicaid, and the State Children s Health Insurance Program), creation of government-sponsored healthcare insurance sources, or
some combination of both, as well as other changes. Restructuring the coverage of medical care in the U.S. could impact the reimbursement
for prescribed drugs and pharmaceuticals, including our current commercial products, those we and our development or commercialization
partners are currently developing or those that we may commercialize or promote in the future. If reimbursement for the products we currently
commercialize or promote, any product we may commercialize or promote, or approved therapeutic candidates is substantially reduced or
otherwise adversely affected in the future, or rebate obligations associated with them are substantially increased, it could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Extending
medical benefits to those who currently lack coverage will likely result in substantial costs to the U.S. federal government, which may
force significant additional changes to the healthcare system in the U.S. Much of the funding for expanded healthcare coverage may be
sought through cost savings. While some of these savings may come from realizing greater efficiencies in delivering care, improving the
effectiveness of preventive care and enhancing the overall quality of care, much of the cost savings may come from reducing the cost
of care and increased enforcement activities. Cost of care could be reduced further by decreasing the level of reimbursement for medical
services or products (including our current commercial products, our development or commercialization partners or any product we may
commercialize or promote, or those therapeutic candidates currently being developed by us), or by restricting coverage (and, thereby,
utilization) of medical services or products. In either case, a reduction in the utilization of, or reimbursement for our current commercial
products, any product we may commercialize or promote, or any therapeutic candidate, or for which we receive marketing approval in the
future, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Several
states and private entities initially mounted legal challenges to the Healthcare Reform Law, in particular, the ACA, and they continue
to litigate various aspects of the legislation. On July 26, 2012, the U.S. Supreme Court generally upheld the provisions of the ACA at
issue as constitutional. However, the U.S. Supreme Court held that the legislation improperly required the states to expand their Medicaid
programs to cover more individuals. As a result, states have a choice as to whether they will expand the number of individuals covered
by their respective state Medicaid programs. Some states have not expanded their Medicaid programs and have chosen to develop other cost-saving
and coverage measures to provide care to currently uninsured individuals. Many of these efforts to date have included the institution
of Medicaid-managed care programs. The manner in which these cost-saving and coverage measures are implemented could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations, particularly once we and/or any of our partners
have products on the U.S. market, if ever. 

17 

Further,
the healthcare regulatory environment has seen significant changes in recent years and is still in flux. Legislative initiatives to modify,
limit, replace, or repeal the ACA and judicial challenges have continued. We cannot predict the extent to which our business may be impacted
by legal challenges to the ACA or other aspects of the Healthcare Reform Law or other changes to the current laws and regulations. The
financial impact of U.S. healthcare reform legislation over the next few years will depend on a number of factors, including the policies
reflected in implementing regulations and guidance and changes in sales volumes for therapeutics affected by the legislation. From time
to time, legislation is drafted, introduced and passed in the U.S. Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions
governing coverage, reimbursement, and marketing of pharmaceutical products. In addition, third-party payor coverage and reimbursement
policies are often revised or interpreted in ways that may significantly affect our business and any products we or our partners may
commercialize in the future, as well as the prospects and/or viability of our product candidates. 

During
his time in office, former President Trump supported the repeal of all or portions of the ACA. President Trump also issued an executive
order in which he stated that it is his administration s policy to seek the prompt repeal of the ACA and in which he directed executive
departments and federal agencies to waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation of the provisions of the ACA to
the maximum extent permitted by law. Congress has enacted legislation that repeals certain portions of the ACA, including but not limited
to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, passed in December 2017, which included a provision that eliminates the penalty under the ACA s individual
mandate, effective January 1, 2019, as well as the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, passed in February 2018, which, among other things,
repealed the Independent Payment Advisory Board (which was established by the ACA and was intended to reduce the rate of growth in Medicare
spending). 

Additionally,
in December 2018, a district court in Texas held that the individual mandate is unconstitutional and that the rest of the ACA is, therefore,
invalid. On appeal, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the holding on the individual mandate but remanded the case back to the
lower court to reassess whether and how such holding affects the validity of the rest of the ACA. The Fifth Circuit s decision
on the individual mandate was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court. On June 17, 2021, the Supreme Court held that the plaintiffs (comprised
of the state of Texas, as well as numerous other states and certain individuals) did not have standing to challenge the constitutionality
of the ACA s individual mandate and, accordingly, vacated the Fifth Circuit s decision and instructed the district court
to dismiss the case. As a result, the ACA will remain in-effect in its current form for the foreseeable future; however, we cannot predict
what additional challenges may arise in the future, the outcome thereof, or the impact any such actions may have on our business. 

The
Biden administration also introduced various measures in 2021 focusing on healthcare and drug pricing, in particular. For example, on
January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health
insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021, and remained open through August 15, 2021. The executive
order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare,
including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements and policies that
create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. On the legislative front, the
American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law on March 11, 2021, which, in relevant part, eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug
rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source drugs and innovator multiple source
drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. And, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order entitled, Promoting
Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response, on September 9, 2021,
HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and
sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take
to advance these principles. And, in November 2021, President Biden announced the Prescription Drug Pricing Plan as part
of the Build Back Better Act (H.R. 5376) passed by the House of Representatives on November 19, 2021, which aims to lower prescription
drug pricing by, among other things, allowing Medicare to negotiate prices for certain high-cost prescription drugs covered under Medicare
Part D and Part B after the drugs have been on the market for a certain number of years and imposing tax penalties on drug manufacturers
that refuse to negotiate pricing with Medicare or increase drug prices faster than inflation. If enacted, this bill could
have a substantial impact on our business. In the coming years, additional legislative and regulatory changes could be made to governmental
health programs that could significantly impact pharmaceutical companies and the success of our product candidates. At the state level,
legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product
pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure
and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

18 

There
is uncertainty as to what healthcare programs and regulations may be implemented or changed at the federal and/or state level in the
U.S. or the effect of any future legislation or regulation. Furthermore, we cannot predict what actions the Biden administration will
implement in connection with the Health Reform Law. However, it is possible that such initiatives could have an adverse effect on our
or our partners ability to obtain approval for and/or successfully commercialize products in the U.S. in the future. 

Fraud
and Abuse, Transparency, and Privacy 

In
the United States, we may be subject to various federal and state laws and regulations regarding fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry,
as well as industry standards and guidance, such as the codes issued by the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (or
 PhRMA Codes ), which some states reference or incorporate in their statutes and regulations. These laws, regulations, standards,
and guidance may impact, among other things, our sales and marketing activities and our relationships with healthcare providers and patients.
In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.
The laws that may affect our ability to operate include but are not limited to: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering
 or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of
 an individual for, or the purchase, order, or recommendation of, an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program,
 such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the False Claim Act, which prohibit, among other
 things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from the federal government,
 including Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors, that are false or fraudulent; 

The
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which imposes federal criminal and civil
 liability for executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements
 relating to healthcare matters; 

the
 federal transparency laws, including the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs
 to disclose payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians and teaching hospitals and physician ownership and investment
 interests; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and its implementing
 regulations, also imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health
 information; and 

state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services
 reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with
 the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines, state laws that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report
 certain pricing or payment information, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances,
 many of which differ from each other in significant ways and are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

19 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrow scope of the statutory or regulatory exceptions and safe harbors available, our current or
future activities, policies, and/or arrangements could be challenged under one or more of these laws. In addition, the federal government
has identified relationships between drug companies (and other medical-product manufacturers) and healthcare providers as particularly
susceptible to fraud and abuse and, thus, our relationships may be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny, particularly once we have
one or more products on the U.S. market, if ever. Further, many of the applicable healthcare laws and regulations are subject to varying
and/or evolving interpretations, which makes achieving and maintaining consistent compliance more difficult. We may have to devote substantial
costs, resources, and time to compliance efforts, particularly once one or more of our product candidates, or any other products to which
we may obtain commercialization rights in the future, is marketed in the United States. If any of our past, current, or future operations
and/or arrangements are found to be in violation of If our operations are found to be in violation of any healthcare laws or regulations
that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal, and/or administrative penalties; damages; fines; personal imprisonment;
exclusion from government-funded programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid; additional reporting requirements and oversight under a corporate
integrity (or deferred prosecution or other similar) agreement with the applicable federal or state agency or agencies (such as the U.S.
Office of Inspector General OIG ), the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ ), or state attorneys general); and/or
the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any adverse enforcement action initiated against us based on actual or alleged violations
of one or more of the healthcare laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, even if we are ultimately
successful in defending against such claims. 

Employees 

As
of March 20, 2023, we had three full-time employees. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at www.ladrxcorp.com and make available there, free of charge, our periodic reports filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission the SEC ), as soon as is reasonably practicable after filing. Among other things, we post on our website
our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments and Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers such as us that file electronically with the SEC. 

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are subject to various risks that may materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. An investment
in our common stock is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. In evaluating an investment in our common stock, you should carefully
consider the risks described below, together with the other information included in this Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial
statements and related notes. 

You
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties facing our business. The risks described below are not the only risks we face.
If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occurs, or if additional risks and uncertainties later materialize,
that are not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, then our business, prospects, results of operations and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose
all or part of your investment in our shares. The risks discussed below include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may
differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect
many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions and geopolitical events. Further, additional risks not
currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operations,
liquidity and stock price. 

20 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in
this Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 

Risks
Associated With Our Business: 

We
 have operated at a loss and will likely continue to operate at a loss for the foreseeable future. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph in its report as of and for
the year ended December 31, 2022 expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern based on our recurring and
continuing losses from operations and our need for additional funding to continue operations. 

Because
 we have no source of significant recurring revenue, we must depend on capital raising to sustain our operations, and our ability
 to raise capital may be severely limited. 

If
 KemPharm fails to successfully develop and commercialize arimoclomol, our business prospects will be materially adversely affected. 

If
 ImmunityBio fails to successfully develop aldoxorubicin or our exclusive licensing arrangement with ImmunityBio is otherwise unsuccessful,
 our business prospects will be materially adversely affected. 

Risks
Associated With Drug Discovery and Development: 

If
 the projected development goals for our product candidates are not achieved in the expected time frames, the commercialization of
 our products may be delayed and our business prospects may suffer. Our financial projections also may prove to be materially inaccurate. 

The
 regulatory approval process is lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if our products or those we have sold or
 licensed are not successfully developed and approved by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities, we may be forced to reduce or
 curtail our operations. 

Clinical
 drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may
 not be predictive of future trial results. 

We
 may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. 

If
 our product candidates infringe the rights of others, we could be subject to expensive litigation or be required to obtain licenses
 from others to develop or market them. 

The
 results of pre-clinical studies or early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and our ultra-high potency
 albumin-binding drug conjugates may not have favorable results in later clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. 

Any
 products that we develop or are sold or licensed may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and
 reimbursement policies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Healthcare
 legislative reform measures could hinder or prevent the commercial success of our products and product candidates. 

We
 may also be subject to healthcare laws, regulation and enforcement and our failure to comply with those laws could adversely affect
 our business, operations and financial condition. 

We
 will be required to pay substantial milestone and other payments relating to the commercialization of our products. 

The
 COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects could adversely impact our business and prospects, including active and planned clinical
 trials by ImmunityBio and KemPharm. 

In
 the event of a dispute regarding our international drug development, it may be necessary for us to resolve the dispute in the foreign
 country of dispute, where we would be faced with unfamiliar laws and procedures. 

Drug
 discovery is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process, and we may not succeed in creating new product candidates. 

We
 have a limited operating history in drug discovery, which is inherently risky, and we may not succeed in addressing these risks. 

21 

General
Risk Factors: 

We
 are subject to intense competition, and we may not compete successfully. 

We
 are subject to potential liabilities from clinical testing and future product liability claims. 

We
 may be unable to successfully acquire additional technologies or products. If we require additional technologies or products, our
 product development plans may change and the ownership interests of our shareholders could be diluted. 

The
 impact and results of our exploration of any strategic alternatives are uncertain and may not be successful. 

We
 rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including
 any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 

Our
 business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

You
 may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings or other equity issuances. 

Our
 outstanding options and warrants and the availability for resale of the underlying shares may adversely affect the trading price
 of our common stock. 

We
 cannot assure investors that our internal controls will prevent future material weaknesses. 

We
 could be subject to legal actions that could adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our
 anti-takeover measures may make it more difficult to change our management, or may discourage others from acquiring us, and thereby
 adversely affect stockholder value. 

Our
 By-laws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and
 proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial
 forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

We
 may issue preferred stock in the future, and the terms of the preferred stock may reduce the value of our common stock. 

We
 do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock. 

Risks
Associated With Our Business 

We
have operated at a loss and will likely continue to operate at a loss for the foreseeable future. 

We
have operated at a loss due to our ongoing expenditures for research and development of our product candidates and for general and administrative
purposes, and lack of significant recurring revenues. We incurred a net loss of 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 13.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and had an stockholder deficit as of December 31, 2022 of 1.3 million. We are likely
to continue to incur losses unless and until we are able to earn milestones and royalties from our existing licensing and sale agreements
and/or conclude a successful strategic partnership or financing for our LADR technology. These losses, among other things, have
had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Because of the numerous risks
and uncertainties associated with our product development efforts, we are unable to predict when we may become profitable, if at all.
If we do not become profitable or are unable to maintain future profitability, the market value of our common stock will be adversely
affected. These factors individually and collectively raise a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph in its report as of and for the year ended December
31, 2022 expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern based on our recurring and continuing losses from
operations and our need for additional funding to continue operations. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this going concern uncertainty and have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue
to operate as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may be forced to liquidate our assets which would have an adverse impact
on our business and developmental activities. In such a scenario, the values we receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution
could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. The reaction of investors to the inclusion of a going
concern statement by our independent registered public accounting firm and our potential inability to continue as a going concern may
materially adversely affect our stock price and our ability to raise new capital or to enter into strategic alliances. 

Because
we have no source of significant recurring revenue, we must depend on capital raising to sustain our operations, and our ability to raise
capital may be severely limited. 

Developing
products and conducting clinical trials require substantial amounts of capital. We need to raise additional capital to fund our general
and administrative expenses and, if we determine to develop products based on our LADR technology platform, we will need to raise
additional capital to fund development of product candidates, prepare, file, prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend patent and other
proprietary rights, and develop and implement sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. However, capital raising has been significantly
challenging. 

22 

At
December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1.4 million. The continuation of the Company as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations until it begins generating positive
cash flow. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are
satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case
of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in case of equity financing. 

If
we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to stockholders may result and new investors could have rights superior
to current equity holders. In addition, debt financing, if available, may include restrictive covenants. If adequate funds are not available
to us, we may have to liquidate some or all of our assets or delay or reduce the scope of or eliminate some portion or all of our development
programs. We also may have to license to other companies our product candidates or technologies that we would prefer to develop and commercialize
ourselves. 

If
KemPharm fails to successfully develop and commercialize arimoclomol, our business prospects will be materially adversely affected. 

In
2011, LadRx sold the rights to arimoclomol and iroxanadine, based on molecular chaperone regulation technology, to Orphazyme in exchange
for a one-time, upfront payment and the right to receive up to a total of 120 million in milestone payments upon the achievement of
certain pre-specified regulatory and business milestones, as well as royalty payments based on a specified percentage of any net sales
of products derived from the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement ). Orphazyme transferred its rights and obligations under the 2011
Arimoclomol Agreement to KemPharm in May 2022. As part of the KemPharm Transaction, all of Orphazyme s obligations to LadRx under
the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement including with regard to milestone payments and royalties on sales, were assumed by KemPharm. KemPharm
is expected to continue the early access programs with arimoclomol, and to continue to pursue the potential approval of arimoclomol as
a treatment option for NPC. KemPharm indicated it plans on resubmitting the NDA for arimoclomol in the third quarter of 2023. It is also
identifying a regulatory path forward with the EMA. 

In
May 2021, Orphazyme announced that the pivotal phase 3 clinical trial for arimoclomol in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis did not meet its
primary and secondary endpoints, reducing the maximum amount that LadRx currently has the right to receive under the 2011 Arimoclomol
Agreement to approximately 100 million. Orphazyme also tested arimoclomol in Niemann-Pick disease Type C NPC and Gaucher
disease, and following a Phase II/III trial submitted to the FDA a New Drug Application for the treatment of NPC with arimoclomol. On
June 18, 2021, Orphazyme announced it had received the Complete Response Letter from the FDA indicating the need for additional data.
In late October 2021, Orphazyme announced it held a Type A meeting with the FDA, at which the FDA recommended that Orphazyme submit additional
data, information and analyses to address certain topics in the Complete Response Letter and engage in further interactions with the
FDA to identify a pathway to resubmission. The FDA concurred with Orphazyme s proposal to remove the cognition domain from the
NPC Clinical Severity Scale NPCCSS endpoint, with the result that the primary endpoint is permitted to be recalculated
using the 4- domain NPCCSS, subject to the submission of additional requested information which Orphazyme had publicly indicated that
it intended to provide. To bolster the confirmatory evidence already submitted, the FDA affirmed that it would require additional in
vivo or pharmacodynamic (PD)/pharmacokinetic (PK) data. Orphazyme planned to request a Type C Meeting with the FDA in the second quarter
of 2022. Subject to discussions with the regulatory body, Orphazyme had publicly indicated that it planned to resubmit the NDA for arimoclomol
in the second half of 2022. 

23 

Orphazyme
had also submitted a Marketing Authorization Application MAA with the European Medicines Agency (the EMA ).
In February 2022, Orphazyme announced that although they had received positive feedback from the Committee for Medicinal Products for
Human Use CHMP of the EMA, they were notified by the CHMP of a negative trend vote on the MAA for arimoclomol for NPC
following an oral explanation. In March 2022 Orphazyme removed its application with the EMA. Orphazyme had publicly indicated that it
will assess its strategic options and provide an update to the market at the applicable time. 

The
potential revenue from our arrangement with KemPharm is based on contingent payments, which will depend upon their ability to achieve
regulatory approvals and successfully market and sell products derived from arimoclomol. Our ability to realize the maximum amount of
aggregate milestone payments initially set forth in our agreement with Orphazyme has been reduced by approximately 20 million due to
Orphazyme s unsuccessful pivotal studies of arimoclomol for ALS and IBM and subsequent decision to cease arimoclomol s development
with regard such indications. While Orphazyme has progressed further in connection with its development of arimoclomol for NPC (than
for ALS or IBM), its efforts to obtain the FDA and EMA approvals needed to lawfully market arimoclomol for NPC in the United States and
the EU, respectively, have been unsuccessful thus far and may never succeed. We will not be involved in this process and will depend
entirely on KemPharm, which may fail to develop or effectively commercialize products derived from arimoclomol for many reasons, including
if they: 

decide
 not to devote the necessary resources due to internal constraints, such as limited personnel with the requisite scientific expertise,
 limited cash resources or specialized equipment limitations, or the belief that other drug development programs may have a higher
 likelihood of obtaining regulatory approval or may potentially generate a greater return on investment; 

do
 not have sufficient resources necessary to carry arimoclomol through clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization; 

cannot
 obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for arimoclomol; or 

decide
 to pursue a competitive drug candidate. 

If
KemPharm does not obtain the regulatory approvals for arimoclomol that are necessary to trigger the corresponding milestone payments
to us under our agreement, or if their research and development or commercialization efforts are, otherwise, unsuccessful, we will not
realize the anticipated commercial benefits of the arrangement and our business prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 

If
ImmunityBio fails to successfully develop aldoxorubicin or our exclusive licensing arrangement with ImmunityBio is otherwise unsuccessful,
our business prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 

In
July 2017, we entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with ImmunityBio to complete the clinical development of and commercialization
of aldoxorubicin. Under this agreement, ImmunityBio has committed to provide substantial funding, as well as significant capabilities
in clinical development, regulatory affairs, marketing and sales. 

If,
for any reason, ImmunityBio does not devote sufficient time and resources to the development and commercialization of aldoxorubicin,
we will not realize the potential commercial benefits of the arrangement, and our results of operations will be adversely affected. In
addition, if ImmunityBio were to breach or terminate its arrangement with us, the development and commercialization of aldoxorubicin
could be delayed, curtailed or terminated, and we may not have sufficient financial resources or capabilities to continue development
and commercialization of aldoxorubicin on our own. 

Under
our agreement with ImmunityBio, they may opt out of a project by giving us twelve months prior written notice. If ImmunityBio
were to exercise its right to opt out of a program or to terminate the licensing agreement, the development and commercialization of
aldoxorubicin would be adversely affected, our potential for generating revenue from this program would be adversely affected and attracting
new partners would be made more difficult. 

24 

Much
of the potential revenue from our existing and future arrangement with ImmunityBio will consist of contingent payments, such as payments
for achieving development and commercialization milestones and single- and double-digit royalties payable on commercial sales of successfully
developed aldoxorubicin. The milestone, royalty and other revenue that we may receive under this arrangement will depend upon our, and
ImmunityBio s ability to successfully develop, introduce, market, commercialize and sell aldoxorubicin. We will not be directly
involved in this process and will depend entirely on ImmunityBio, which may fail to develop or effectively commercialize aldoxorubicin
for many reasons including if they: 

decide
 not to devote the necessary resources due to internal constraints, such as limited personnel with the requisite scientific expertise,
 limited cash resources or specialized equipment limitations, or the belief that other drug development programs may have a higher
 likelihood of obtaining regulatory approval or may potentially generate a greater return on investment; 

do
 not have sufficient resources necessary to carry aldoxorubicin through clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization; 

cannot
 obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for aldoxorubicin; or 

decide
 to pursue a competitive drug candidate. 

If
ImmunityBio fails to develop or effectively commercialize aldoxorubicin or for any of the other reasons described above, we may not be
able to develop and commercialize that drug independently or replace ImmunityBio with another suitable partner in a reasonable period
of time and on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Risks
Associated With Drug Discovery and Development 

If
the projected development goals for our product candidates are not achieved in the expected time frames, the commercialization of our
products may be delayed and our business prospects may suffer. Our financial projections also may prove to be materially inaccurate. 

From
time to time, we estimate the timing of the accomplishment of various scientific, clinical, regulatory and other product development
goals, which we sometimes refer to as milestones. These milestones may include the commencement or completion of scientific studies and
clinical trials and the submission of regulatory filings. 

We
also may disclose projected expenditures or other forecasts for future periods. These and other financial projections are based on management s
current expectations and do not contain any margin of error or cushion for any specific uncertainties, or for the uncertainties inherent
in all financial forecasting. 

The
actual timing of milestones and actual expenditures or other financial results can vary dramatically compared to our estimates, in some
cases for reasons beyond our control or the control of companies that have licensed or purchased our product candidates. If these milestones
or financial projections are not met, the development and commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed and our business
prospects may suffer. The assumptions management has used to produce these projections may significantly change or prove to be inaccurate.
Accordingly, you should not unduly rely on any of these financial projections. 

The
regulatory approval process is lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if our products or those we have sold or licensed
are not successfully developed and approved by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities, we may be forced to reduce or curtail our operations. 

All
of our product candidates in development or those licensed or sold must be approved by the FDA or corresponding foreign governmental
agencies before they can be marketed. The process for obtaining FDA and foreign government approvals is both time-consuming and costly,
with no certainty of a successful outcome. This process typically includes the conduct of extensive pre-clinical and clinical testing,
including post-approval testing, which may take longer or cost more than we or our licensees, if any, anticipate, and may prove unsuccessful
due to numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations,
or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical
development and may vary among jurisdictions. None of our product candidates in development or licensed or sold to third parties have
received regulatory approval. 

25 

Numerous
factors could affect the timing, cost or outcome of product development efforts, including the following: 

difficulty
 in enrolling patients in conformity with required protocols or projected timelines; 

requirements
 for clinical trial design imposed by the FDA; 

unexpected
 adverse reactions by patients in trials; 

difficulty
 in obtaining clinical supplies of the product; 

changes
 in or our inability to comply with FDA or foreign governmental product testing, manufacturing or marketing requirements; 

regulatory
 inspections of clinical trials or manufacturing facilities, which may, among other things, require us or our manufacturers or licensees
 to undertake corrective action or suspend or terminate the affected clinical trials if investigators find them not to be in compliance
 with applicable regulatory requirements; 

inability
 to generate statistically significant data confirming the safety and efficacy of the product being tested; 

modification
 of the product during testing; and 

reallocation
 of our limited financial and other resources to other clinical programs. 

It
is possible that none of the product candidates we develop or have sold or licensed will obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for
us to begin selling them or making us eligible to receive milestone or royalty payments. The time required to obtain FDA and foreign
governmental approvals is unpredictable, but often can take years following the commencement of clinical trials, depending upon the complexity
of the product candidate. Any analysis performed on data from clinical activities is subject to confirmation and interpretation by regulatory
authorities, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, even if regulatory approval was obtained, regulatory
authorities may approve any product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than requested, may not approve the intended price
for such products, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product
candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that
product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for the product candidates that we develop,
have sold or licensed. 

Furthermore,
even if regulatory approvals are obtained, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage,
import, export, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements.
These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued
compliance with current good manufacturing practices cGMPs ), and good clinical practices( cGCPs ), for any
clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events
of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory
requirements, may result in, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

fines,
 warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal
 by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or our strategic partners, or suspension
 or revocation of product license approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

26 

The
FDA s policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval
of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation
or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements
or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval
that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. We will also be
subject to periodic inspections and the potential for mandatory post- approval clinical trials required by the FDA and other U.S. and
foreign regulatory authorities. Any delay or failure in obtaining required approvals or to comply with post-approval regulatory requirements
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue from the particular product candidate. The failure to comply
with any post-approval regulatory requirements also could result in the rescission of the related regulatory approvals or the suspension
of sales of the offending product. 

Clinical
drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not
be predictive of future trial results. 

Clinical
testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during
the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive
of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development may fail to show the desired
safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in
the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or safety profiles,
notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. For example, aldoxorubicin has shown encouraging preliminary clinical results in
our Phase 2b clinical trial as a treatment for STS. These conclusions may not be reproduced in future clinical trial results. For instance,
the Phase 3 pivotal clinical trial testing aldoxorubicin as a treatment for STS narrowly missed statistical significance although it
demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in PFS over investigator s choice in 312 patients treated in North America
and Australia. Accordingly, our development partner may ultimately be unable to provide the FDA and/or other U.S. and foreign regulatory
authorities with satisfactory data on clinical safety and efficacy sufficient to obtain approval from the FDA of aldoxorubicin for any
indication. 

Further
delays may occur in clinical trials of product candidates. We do not know whether ongoing clinical trials will be completed on schedule
or at all, or whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll patients on time or be completed on schedule,
if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: 

obtaining
 regulatory approval to commence a trial; 

reaching
 agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which
 can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 

obtaining
 institutional review board approval at each clinical trial site; 

recruiting
 suitable patients to participate in a trial; 

having
 patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical
 trial sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

adding
 new clinical trial sites; or 

manufacturing
 sufficient quantities of product candidate for use in clinical trials. 

27 

We
may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. 

We
will be able to protect our technologies from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that we have rights to valid and enforceable
patents or other proprietary rights that cover them. Although we have rights to patents and patent applications directed to our product
candidates, these patents and applications may not prevent third parties from developing or commercializing similar or identical technologies.
In addition, our patents may be held to be invalid if challenged by third parties, and our patent applications may not result in the
issuance of patents. 

The
patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions
for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology
patents has emerged to date in the United States and in many foreign countries. The application and enforcement of patent laws and regulations
in foreign countries is even more uncertain. Accordingly, we may not be able to effectively file, protect or defend our proprietary rights
on a consistent basis. Many of the patents and patent applications on which we rely were issued or filed by third parties prior to the
time we acquired rights to them. The validity, enforceability and ownership of those patents and patent applications may be challenged,
and if a court decides that our patents are not valid, we will not have the right to stop others from using our inventions. There is
also the risk that, even if the validity of our patents is upheld, a court may refuse to stop others on the ground that their activities
do not infringe our patents. 

Any
litigation brought by us to protect our intellectual property rights could be costly and have a material adverse effect on our operating
results or financial condition, make it more difficult for us to enter into strategic alliances with third parties to develop our products,
or discourage our existing licensees from continuing their development work on our potential products. If our patent coverage is insufficient
to prevent third parties from developing or commercializing similar or identical technologies, the value of our assets is likely to be
materially and adversely affected. 

Moreover, we may be subject to
a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant
review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. The costs of defending our patents or
enforcing our proprietary rights in post-issuance administrative proceedings and litigation can be substantial and the outcome can be
uncertain. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent
rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result
in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or
strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with
us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 

We have not pursued or maintained,
and may not pursue or maintain in the future, patent protection for our product candidates in every country or territory in which we may
sell our products, if approved. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal
and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing our patents in all countries
outside the United States, or from selling or importing products that infringe our patents in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. 

Indeed, several companies have encountered
significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries
do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement,
misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights
in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could
put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke
third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded,
if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 

28 

Furthermore, the issuance of a patent
is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent
offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated
or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and
products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Given the amount of time required for
the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly
after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude
others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 

Moreover, the scope claimed in a patent
application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Changes in either
the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws may diminish the value of our or our collaborators patents or narrow the scope
of such patent protection and could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our or any future collaborators 
patent applications and the enforcement or defense of any issued patents. Even if the patent applications we license or own do issue as
patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties
from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent
our patents by developing similar or alternative products in a non-infringing manner. 

Some of our technologies and processes do not fulfill the requirements for patent or trademark protection or are
not protected by patent or trademark rights for other reasons, e.g., secrecy. We
therefore also
rely on certain proprietary trade secrets and know-how, especially where we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable.
Trade secrets and know-how are difficult to protect. Although we have taken measures to protect our unpatented trade secrets and know-how,
including the use of confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and some of our contractors,
it is possible that these persons may disclose our trade secrets or know-how or that our competitors may independently develop or otherwise
discover our trade secrets and know-how. 

There is no guarantee, however, that
such agreements will not be breached, that they will provide sufficient protection for our business secrets and proprietary information
or that adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. It cannot be excluded
that we do not have, or cannot enforce, legal remedies that are effective at economically acceptable costs. Further, the violation of
a non-disclosure agreement might be difficult to prove because business secrets and know- how may be developed independently by, or become
otherwise known to, third parties. In addition, it may be difficult to quantify the damages which have occurred and to obtain legal remediation,
or to undo the damages caused, by legal remedies. Our failure to effectively protect our business secrets and know-how could have material
adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
our product candidates infringe or otherwise violate the rights of others, we could be subject to expensive litigation or be
required to obtain licenses from others to develop or market them. 

Our commercial
success also depends upon our ability, and the ability of any third party with which we may partner, to develop, manufacture, market and
sell our product candidates and/or products, if approved, and use our patent-protected technologies without infringing the patents of
third parties. There is considerable patent litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. As the biopharmaceutical industry
expands and more patents are issued, we face increased risks that there may be patents issued to third parties that relate to our product
candidates and technology of which we are not aware or that we must challenge to continue our operations as currently contemplated. 

Our
competitors or others may have patent rights that they choose to assert against us or our licensees, suppliers, customers or potential
collaborators. Moreover, we may not know about patents or patent applications that our products would infringe. For example, because
patent applications do not publish for at least 18 months, if at all, and can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending
applications unknown to us that may later result in issued patents that our product candidates would infringe. In addition, if third
parties file patent applications or obtain patents claiming technology also claimed by us or our licensors in issued patents or pending
applications, we may have to participate in interference proceedings in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to determine priority of
invention. If third parties file oppositions in foreign countries, we may also have to participate in opposition proceedings in foreign
tribunals to defend the patentability of our foreign patent applications. 

29 

If
a third-party claims that we are infringing on its proprietary rights, any of the following may occur: 

we
 may become involved in time-consuming and expensive litigation, even if the claim is without merit; 

we
 may become liable for substantial damages for past infringement if a court decides that our technology infringes a competitor s
 patent; 

a
 court may prohibit us from selling or licensing our product without a license from the patent holder, which may not be available
 on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, or which may require us to pay substantial royalties or grant cross licenses to our
 patents; and 

we
 may have to redesign our product candidates or technology so that it does not infringe patent rights of others, which may not be
 possible or commercially feasible. 

If
any of these events occurs, our business and prospects will suffer and the market price of our common stock will likely decline substantially. 

Obtaining and maintaining
patent protection depends on compliance with various procedures and other requirements, and our patent protection could be reduced or
eliminated in case of non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance
fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to the relevant patent
agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and /or applications. The relevant patent agencies require compliance with
a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent application process. In many cases, an inadvertent
lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in
which the failure to comply with the relevant requirements can result in the abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application,
resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to
use our technologies and know-how which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operation. 

If we
 fail to comply with our obligations under our license agreements, we could lose the
rights to intellectual property that is important to our business. 

Our current license
agreements impose on us various development obligations, payment of royalties and fees based on achieving certain milestones as well as
other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, the licensor may have the right to terminate the
license. In addition, if the licensor fails to enforce its intellectual property, the licensed rights may not be adequately maintained.
The termination of any license agreements or failure to adequately protect such license agreements could prevent us from commercializing
our product candidates or possible future products covered by the licensed intellectual property. Any of these events could materially
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. 

We may be subject
to damages resulting from claims that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

Our employees may have been previously employed at
other companies in the industry, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we are not aware of any claims currently
pending against us, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets
or other proprietary information of the former employers of our employees. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims.
Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management.
If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying money claims, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel.
A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize product(s), which would materially
adversely affect our commercial development efforts. 

30 

The
results of pre-clinical studies or early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and our ultra-high potency
albumin-binding drug conjugates may not have favorable results in later clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. 

Success
in pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will generate adequate data to demonstrate
the efficacy and safety of our ultra-high potency albumin-binding drug conjugates. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industries, including those with greater resources and experience than we have, have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials,
even after seeing promising results in earlier clinical trials. We do not know whether the clinical trials we may conduct will demonstrate
adequate efficacy and safety to result in regulatory approval to market them in any particular jurisdiction. If our clinical trials do
not produce favorable results, our ability to achieve regulatory approval for these drug candidates will be adversely impacted and the
value of our stock may decline. 

The
successful commercialization of our product candidates that are approved for marketing in the United States, if any, and/or any other
products that we or our partners may commercialize in the future will likely depend, in-part, on the coverage and reimbursement policies
of third-party payors, which, if unfavorable, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
commercial success of our product candidates that are approved for marketing in the United States, if any, as well as any other products
that we may or our partners may commercialize in the future, may depend, in significant part, on the extent to such products will be
covered and reimbursed by third-party payors, including government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, private insurers,
and managed care organizations. Patients for whom prescription drugs are prescribed and prescribing practitioners generally rely on third-party
payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Without adequate coverage and reimbursement, patients and providers
are unlikely to use or prescribe any products that we or our partners may commercialize or from which we may, otherwise, generate revenue
in connection with commercial sales. 

There
is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, there
is no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement. Accordingly, third-party payors, including private insurers and governmental payors,
such as Medicare and Medicaid, play an important role in determining the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered and
reimbursed. The Medicare program covers certain individuals aged 65 or older, as well as certain people under 65 with disabilities and
individuals suffering from end-stage renal disease. The Medicaid program, which varies from state-to-state, covers eligible individuals
and families who have limited financial means. The Medicare and Medicaid programs are increasingly used as models for how private payors
and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs and biologics. It is difficult to predict at
this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates and any other
products we or our partners may commercialize or to which we may have commercialization rights or interests. 

Third-party
payors may deny coverage or reimbursement if they determine that a medical product was not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment
methods, as determined by the third-party payor, and most, if not all, payors will deny coverage for products used or administered for
an unapproved indication. Third-party payors also typically refuse to cover and reimburse for experimental procedures and devices. Furthermore,
third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. And, the U.S. government and state
legislatures have shown significant interest in implementing healthcare cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions
on reimbursement, discount and rebate requirements, and requirements for substitution of generic products. Such measures, and the enactment
of any more restrictive updates thereto and/or new measures could further limit our potential profitability and commercial success in
connection with any products we or our partners may market in the United States. We cannot predict whether, or the extent to which, government
and/or private payors will cover any products we or our partners may commercialize in the future, and there can be no assurances that
such coverage and reimbursement levels, as applicable, will be sufficient to allow us to profit from the commercial sale of such product(s)
in light of our costs from development and other related activities and any current or future arrangements with our development and/or
commercialization partners. 

31 

Any
products that we develop or are sold or licensed may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations and/or third-party coverage and
reimbursement policies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
product candidates are intended to be marketed primarily to hospitals, which generally receive reimbursement for the health care services
they provide to their patients from third-party payors, such as Medicare, Medicaid and other domestic and international government programs,
private insurance plans and managed care programs. 

Such
drugs will likely need to be administered under the supervision of a physician. Under currently applicable law, drugs that are not usually
self-administered may be eligible for coverage by the Medicare program if: 

they
 are incidental to a physician s services; 

they
 are reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of the illness or injury for which they are administered
 according to accepted standard of medical practice; 

they
 are not excluded as immunizations; and 

they
 have been approved by the FDA. 

There
is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, third-party
payors, including private and governmental payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining
the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered and reimbursed. The Medicare program covers certain individuals aged 65 or
older, disabled or suffering from end-stage renal disease. The Medicaid program, which varies from state-to-state, covers certain individuals
and families who have limited financial means. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payors
and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs and biologics. It is difficult to predict at
this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. 

Most
third-party payors may deny coverage or reimbursement if they determine that a medical product was not used in accordance with cost-effective
treatment methods, as determined by the third-party payor, or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors also may refuse
to cover and reimburse for experimental procedures and devices. Furthermore, because our programs are in the early stages of development,
we are unable at this time to determine their cost-effectiveness and the level or method of reimbursement. Increasingly, third-party
payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices, and are challenging the prices charged
for medical products. If the price we are able to charge for any products we develop is inadequate in light of our development and other
costs, our profitability could be adversely affected. 

32 

Healthcare
legislative reform measures could hinder or prevent the commercial success of our products and product candidates. 

In
the United States, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare
system that could affect our future revenues and profitability. Federal and state lawmakers regularly propose and, at times, enact legislation
that results in significant changes to the healthcare system, some of which are intended to contain or reduce the costs of medical products
and services. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA ), as amended by the Health
Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the Healthcare Reform Law, became law in the United States. It
contains a number of provisions regarding health insurance, the provision of healthcare, conditions to reimbursement for healthcare services
provided to Medicare and Medicaid patients, and other healthcare policy reforms. Through the law-making process, substantial changes
have been and continue to be made to the current system for paying for healthcare in the United States, including changes made to extend
medical benefits to certain Americans who lacked insurance coverage and to contain or reduce healthcare costs (such as by reducing or
conditioning reimbursement amounts for healthcare services and drugs, and imposing additional taxes, fees, and rebate obligations on
pharmaceutical and medical device companies). This legislation was one of the most comprehensive and significant reforms ever experienced
by the United States in the healthcare industry and has significantly changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and
private insurers. This legislation has impacted the scope of healthcare insurance and incentives for consumers and insurance companies,
among others. Additionally, the Healthcare Reform Law s provisions were designed to encourage providers to find cost savings in
their clinical operations. Pharmaceuticals represent a significant portion of the cost of providing care. This environment has caused
changes in the purchasing habits of consumers and providers and resulted in specific attention to the pricing negotiation, product selection
and utilization review surrounding pharmaceuticals. This attention may result in any products we may commercialize or promote in the
future, and/or our therapeutic candidates, as applicable, being chosen less frequently or subject to substantially lowered pricing. 

These
structural changes could entail further modifications to the existing system of private payors and government programs (such as Medicare,
Medicaid, and the State Children s Health Insurance Program), creation of government-sponsored healthcare insurance sources, or
some combination of both, as well as other changes. Restructuring the coverage of medical care in the U.S. could impact the reimbursement
for prescribed drugs and pharmaceuticals, including our current commercial products, those we and our development or commercialization
partners are currently developing or those that we may commercialize or promote in the future. If reimbursement for the products we currently
commercialize or promote, any product we may commercialize or promote, or approved therapeutic candidates is substantially reduced or
otherwise adversely affected in the future, or rebate obligations associated with them are substantially increased, it could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Further,
there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which
have resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency
to prescription drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program
reimbursement methodologies for products. In addition, the United States government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have
shown significant interest in implementing drug cost containment programs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and
requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs to limit the growth of government paid health care costs.
For example, the United States government has passed legislation requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide rebates and discounts
to certain entities and governmental payors to participate in federal healthcare programs. Further, Congress and the current administration
have each indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs, and the current
administration recently released a Blueprint , or plan, to reduce the cost of drugs. The current administration s
Blueprint contains certain measures that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is already working to implement. Individual
states in the United States have also been increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical
product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing
cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

We
anticipate there will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators and commercial payers
to reduce prescription drug costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits. Additional changes that may affect our business include
those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes, fraud and abuse enforcement, and expansion of new programs,
such as Medicare payment for performance initiatives. The ultimate implementation of any healthcare reform legislation and any new laws
and regulations, and its impact on us, is impossible to predict. Any significant reforms made to the healthcare system in the United
States, or in other jurisdictions, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

33 

We
may also be subject to federal and state healthcare laws and regulations relating to our current and/or future operations, and our failure
to comply with those laws could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 

If
we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our operations
may be directly, or indirectly through our customers, subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation,
the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, and physician sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact,
among other things, our proposed sales, marketing, and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation
by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any person from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting,
 receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service
 or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare
 and Medicaid programs; 

the
 federal False Claims Act, which prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be
 presented, false claims, or knowingly using false statements, to obtain payment from the federal government, and which may apply
 to entities that provide coding and billing advice to customers; 

federal
 criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare
 matters; 

the
 federal physician sunshine requirements under the Affordable Care Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics,
 and medical supplies to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services information related to payments and other
 transfers of value to physicians, other healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held
 by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic
 and Clinical Health Act, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy
 of protected health information; and 

state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services
 reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with
 the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws
 that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare
 providers or marketing expenditures; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances,
 many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts.
 For instance, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA, became effective on January 1, 2020. The CCPA gives California residents
 expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed
 information about how their personal information is used by requiring covered companies to provide new disclosures to California
 consumers (as that term is broadly defined) and provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information.
 The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to
 increase data breach litigation. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data and the CCPA s implementation
 standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, the CCPA may increase our compliance
 costs and potential liability. Many similar privacy laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. 

34 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our
business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, the federal government has identified
relationships between drug companies (and other medical-product manufacturers) and healthcare providers as particularly susceptible to
fraud and abuse and, thus, our relationships may be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny, particularly once we have one or more
products on the U.S. market, if ever. Further, many of the applicable healthcare laws and regulations are subject to varying and/or evolving
interpretations, which makes achieving and maintaining consistent compliance more difficult. 

Achieving
and sustaining compliance with these laws may prove costly. In addition, any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we
successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the
operation of our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental
regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the exclusion from
participation in federal and state healthcare programs, imprisonment, or the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which
could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 

We
will be required to pay substantial milestone and other payments relating to the commercialization of our products. 

Aldoxorubicin 

The
agreement relating to our worldwide rights to aldoxorubicin provides for our payment of up to an aggregate of 7.5 million upon meeting
specified clinical and regulatory milestones up to and including the product s second, final marketing approval. We also will be
obliged to pay: 

commercially
 reasonable royalties based on a percentage of net sales (as defined in the agreement); 

a
 percentage of any non-royalty sub-licensing income (as defined in the agreement); and 

milestones
 of 1,000,000 for each additional final marketing approval that we might obtain. 

Arimoclomol 

The
agreement relating to our worldwide rights to arimoclomol provides for our payment of up to an aggregate of 3.65 million upon receipt
of milestone payments from Orphayzme A/S. On May 31, 2022, Orphazyme announced that it had completed the sale of substantially all of
its assets and business activities for cash consideration of 12.8 million and assumption of liabilities estimated to equal approximately
 5.2 million to KemPharm, a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel treatments for rare
CNS diseases. As part of the KemPharm Transaction, all of Orphazyme s obligations to LadRx under the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement,
including with regard to milestone payments and royalties on sales, were assumed by KemPharm. 

Innovive 

Under
the merger agreement by which we acquired Innovive, we agreed to pay the former Innovive stockholders a total of up to approximately
 18.3 million of future earnout merger consideration, subject to our achievement of specified net sales under the Innovive license agreements.
The earnout merger consideration, if any, will be payable in shares of our common stock, subject to specified conditions, or, at our
election, in cash or by a combination of shares of our common stock and cash. Our common stock will be valued for purposes of any future
earnout merger consideration based upon the trading price of our common stock at the time the earnout merger consideration is paid. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects could adversely impact our business and prospects, including active and planned clinical trials
by ImmunityBio and KemPharm. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was first identified in China and has surfaced in several regions across the
world. In March 2020, the disease was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The COVID-19 pandemic has, from time to time,
led to government-imposed quarantines, limitations on business activity and shelter-in-place mandates to mitigate or contain the virus,
and has contributed to financial market volatility and uncertainty, significant disruptions in general commercial activity and the global
economy. 

35 

As
the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects continue to evolve, the companies which we are working to develop and commercialize our
products, ImmunityBio and KemPharm, could be materially and adversely affected by the risks, or the public perception of the risks, related
to the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects, which could cause delays in our potential timing of receipts of milestones and royalties
within the disclosed time periods and expected costs. The disruptions to ImmunityBio and KemPharm could include: 

delays
 or difficulties in recruiting and enrolling new patients in their clinical trials; 

delays
 or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 

diversion
 of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as their clinical
 trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of their clinical trials; 

interruption
 of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by
 federal or state governments, employers and others; 

limitations
 in employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of their clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees
 or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; 

interruption
 in global shipping that may affect the transport of clinical trial supplies and materials, such as investigational drug product used
 in their clinical trials; 

delays
 in receiving approval from the FDA and local regulatory authorities to initiate their planned clinical trials; 

changes
 in FDA and local regulation as part of a response to the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak which may change the ways in which clinical
 trials are conducted of discontinue clinical trials altogether; 

delays
 in necessary interactions with regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee
 resources or forced furlough of government employees; 

delay
 in the timing of other interactions with the FDA due to absenteeism by federal employees or by the diversion of their efforts and
 attention to approval of other therapeutics or other activities related to COVID-19; and 

refusal
 of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies outside the United States. 

The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects may impact our business and prospects will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the pandemic, new variants of the coronavirus,
reinstatement of travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions
and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease. 

In
the event of a dispute regarding our international drug development, it may be necessary for us to resolve the dispute in the foreign
country of dispute, where we would be faced with unfamiliar laws and procedures. 

The
resolution of disputes in foreign countries can be costly and time consuming, similar to the situation in the United States. In a foreign
country, we face the additional burden of understanding unfamiliar laws and procedures. We may not be entitled to a jury trial, as we
might be in the United States. Further, to litigate in any foreign country, we would be faced with the necessity of hiring lawyers and
other professionals who are familiar with the foreign laws. For these reasons, we may incur unforeseen expenses if we are forced to resolve
a dispute in a foreign country. 

36 

Drug
discovery is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process, and we may not succeed in creating new product candidates. 

Conducting
drug discovery and pre-clinical development of our albumin-binding technology is a complex and expensive process that will take many
years. Accordingly, we cannot be sure whether or when our drug discovery and pre-clinical development activities will succeed in developing
any new product candidates. In addition, any product candidates that we develop in pre-clinical testing may not demonstrate success in
clinical trials required for marketing approval. 

Any
deficiency in the design, implementation or oversight of our drug discovery and pre-clinical testing programs could cause us to incur
significant additional costs, experience significant delays, prevent us from obtaining marketing approval for any product candidate that
may result from these programs or abandon development of certain product candidates. If any of these risks materializes, it could harm
our business and cause our stock price to decline. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are subject to intense competition, and we may not compete successfully. 

Many
companies, including large pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms with financial resources, research and development staffs, and facilities
that may be substantially greater than those of ours or our strategic partners or licensees, are engaged in the research and development
of pharmaceutical products that could compete with our potential products. To the extent that we seek to acquire, through license or
otherwise, existing or potential new products, we will be competing with numerous other companies, many of which will have substantially
greater financial resources and large acquisition staffs that may give those companies a competitive advantage over us in identifying
and evaluating these drug acquisition opportunities. Any products that we acquire will be competing with products marketed by companies
that in many cases will have substantially greater marketing resources than we have. The industry is characterized by rapid technological
advances and competitors may develop their products more rapidly and such products may be more effective than those currently under development
or that may be developed in the future by our strategic partners or licensees. Competitive products for a number of the disease indications
that we have targeted are currently being marketed by other parties, and additional competitive products are under development and may
also include products currently under development that we are not aware of or products that may be developed in the future. 

As
a result, these competitors may: 

succeed in developing competitive products sooner than us or our strategic partners or licensees; 

obtain FDA or foreign governmental approvals for their products before we can obtain approval of any of our products; 

obtain patents that block or otherwise inhibit the development and commercialization of our product candidate candidates; 

develop products that are safer or more effective than our products; 

devote greater resources than us to marketing or selling products; 

introduce or adapt more quickly than us to new technologies and other scientific advances; 

introduce products that render our products obsolete; 

withstand price competition more successfully than us or our strategic partners or licensees; 

negotiate third-party strategic alliances or licensing arrangements more effectively than us; and 

take better advantage than us of other opportunities. 

37 

We
are subject to potential liabilities from clinical testing and future product liability claims. 

If
any of our products are alleged to be defective, they may expose us to claims for personal injury by patients in clinical trials of our
products or, if we obtain marketing approval and commercialize our products, by patients using our commercially marketed products. Even
if one or more of our products is approved by the FDA, users may claim that such products caused unintended adverse effects. We maintain
clinical trial insurance for our ongoing clinical trials, and we plan to seek to obtain similar insurance for any other clinical trials
that we conduct. We also would seek to obtain product liability insurance covering the commercial marketing of our product candidates.
We may not be able to obtain additional insurance, however, and any insurance obtained by us may prove inadequate in the event of a claim
against us. Any claims asserted against us also may divert management s attention from our operations, and we may have to incur
substantial costs to defend such claims even if they are unsuccessful. 

We
may be unable to successfully acquire additional technologies or products. If we require additional technologies or products, our product
development plans may change and the ownership interests of our shareholders could be diluted. 

We
may seek to acquire additional technologies by licensing or purchasing such technologies, or through a merger or acquisition of one or
more companies that own such technologies. We have no current understanding or agreement to acquire any technologies, however, and we
may not be able to identify or successfully acquire any additional technologies. We also may seek to acquire products from third parties
that already are being marketed or have been approved for marketing, although we have not currently identified any of these products.
We do not have any prior experience in acquiring or marketing products approved for marketing and may need to find third parties to market
any products that we might acquire. 

We
have focused our product development efforts on our oncology and neurodegenerative drug candidates, which we believe have the greatest
revenue potential. If we acquire additional technologies or product candidates, we may determine to make further changes to our product
development plans and business strategy to capitalize on opportunities presented by the new technologies and product candidates. 

We
may determine to issue shares of our common stock to acquire additional technologies or products or in connection with a merger or acquisition
of another company. To the extent we do so, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted accordingly. 

The
impact and results of our exploration of any strategic alternatives are uncertain and may not be successful. 

From
time to time, we may consider strategic alternatives available to us to enhance shareholder value. Strategic alternatives could include
acquisition transactions and/or strategic partnerships with one or more parties, the licensing of some of our proprietary technologies,
or other possible transactions. Any strategic transaction that is completed ultimately may not deliver the anticipated benefits or enhance
shareholder value. Further, we may devote a significant amount of our management resources to such a transaction, which could negatively
impact our operations. We may incur significant costs in connection with seeking certain acquisitions or other strategic opportunities
regardless of whether the transaction is completed, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources.
In the event that we consummate an acquisition or strategic alternative in the future, there is no assurance that we would fully realize
the potential benefits of such a transaction. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable, and acquisition-related integration costs,
including certain non-recurring charges, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, integrating assets
and businesses may significantly burden management and internal resources, including the potential loss or unavailability of key personnel.
If we fail to successfully integrate any assets and businesses we acquire, we may not fully realize the potential benefits we expect,
and our operating results could be adversely affected. If we pay for an acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash available for operations
or cause us to incur additional debt, and if we pay with our stock it could be dilutive to our stockholders. 

38 

We
rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including
any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 

We
rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including
any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. We maintain sensitive data pertaining to our
Company on our computer networks, including information about our development activities, our intellectual property and other proprietary
business information. Our internal computer systems and those of third parties with which we contract may be vulnerable to damage from
cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures,
despite the implementation of security measures. System failures, accidents or security breaches could cause interruptions to our operations,
including material disruption of our development activities, result in significant data losses or theft of our intellectual property
or proprietary business information, and could require substantial expenditures to remedy. To the extent that any disruption or security
breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary
information, we could incur liability and our development programs could be delayed, any of which would harm our business and operations. 

Our
business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

Natural
disasters could severely disrupt our operations or the operations of manufacturing facilities and have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that
prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as manufacturing
facilities, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business
for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place currently are limited and may
not prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited
nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Global,
market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns
over inflation, geopolitical issues, the U.S. financial markets, foreign exchange rates, capital and exchange controls, unstable global
credit markets and financial conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects, have led to periods of significant economic
instability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations
of slower global economic growth going forward, and increased unemployment rates. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected
by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions.
If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete,
more costly, and more dilutive. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current or future service providers and other partners
could be negatively affected by difficult economic times, which could adversely affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule
and on budget or meet our business and financial objectives. 

In
addition, we face several risks associated with international business and are subject to global events beyond our control, including
war, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, trade disputes, economic sanctions, trade wars and their collateral impacts
and other international events. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition
or results of operations. There may be changes to our business if there is instability, disruption or destruction in a significant geographic
region, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters,
including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. In February 2022, armed conflict escalated between Russia and Ukraine. The
sanctions announced by the United States and other countries, following Russia s invasion of Ukraine against Russia to date include
restrictions on selling or importing goods, services or technology in or from affected regions and travel bans and asset freezes impacting
connected individuals and political, military, business and financial organizations in Russia. The United States and other countries
could impose wider sanctions and take other actions should the conflict further escalate. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences
of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on
macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets, all of which could impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

39 

We
may be subject to inflationary risk 

The
Company does not believe that inflation has had a material effect on its operations to date, other than the impact of inflation on the
general economy. However, there is a risk that the Company s operating costs could become subject to inflationary pressures in
the future, which would have the effect of increasing the Company s operating costs, and which would put additional stress on the
Company s working capital resources. 

We
may not be successful in hiring and retaining key employees, which may harm our business. 

Our
business is highly dependent upon the continued services of our senior management and key personnel. As such, our future success depends
on our ability to identify, attract, hire or engage, retain, and motivate well-qualified personnel. Our operations require qualified
personnel with expertise in pharmaceutical development and clinical research We must compete for qualified individuals with numerous
companies, universities, and other research institutions. Competition for such individuals is intense, and, when the need arises, we
may not be able to hire the personnel necessary to support our efforts. There can be no assurance that these professionals will be available
in the market, or that we will be able to retain existing professionals or to meet or to continue to meet their compensation requirements. 

An
overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market in the U.S. employment market generally, especially in response to the COVID-19
pandemic, has been observed in the United States. Sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to
meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate
and our overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures
we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as third-party outsourcing have unintended negative effects, our business
could be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, caused by the COVID-19
pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations,
liquidity or cash flows. 

You
may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings or other equity issuances. 

To
raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock, preferred stock or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for our common stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell shares or other securities in any other
offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share that you may have paid for any of such securities
that you currently hold. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into
or exchangeable for our common stock in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share that you may have paid for
previously for shares of our common stock. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities or obtaining borrowings
convertible into equity, ownership dilution to existing stockholders may result and future investors may be granted rights superior to
those of existing stockholders. 

Our
outstanding options, warrants, convertible preferred shares, preferred investment option and the availability for resale of the underlying
shares may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding stock options to purchase 1,765,108 shares of our common stock at a weighted-average exercise
price of 6.83 per share and outstanding warrants to purchase 4,147 shares of common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of 33.60
per share. In addition, there are 2,752 shares of Series C 10 Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding that can be converted into 3,127,689
shares of common stock, as well as preferred investment options that can be exercised for up to 11,363,637 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of 0.88 per share. These outstanding convertible instruments could adversely affect our ability to obtain future financing
or engage in certain mergers or other transactions, since the holders of these outstanding securities can be expected to exercise or
convert them (as applicable) at a time when we may be able to obtain additional capital through a new offering of securities on terms
more favorable to us than the terms of these outstanding convertible instruments. For the life of these outstanding convertible instruments,
the holders have the opportunity to profit from a rise in the market price of our common stock without assuming the risk of ownership.
The issuance of shares upon the exercise or conversion (as applicable) of these outstanding convertible instruments will also dilute
the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. Many of our outstanding warrants contain anti-dilution provisions pertaining to
dividends with respect to our common stock. In the event that these anti-dilution provisions are triggered by us in the future, we would
likewise be required to reduce the exercise price or conversion price (as applicable), and increase the number of shares underlying those
convertible instruments, which would have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. 

40 

We
have registered with the SEC the resale by the holders of some of the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise or conversion
(as applicable) of our outstanding convertible instruments. The availability of these shares for public resale, as well as actual resales
of these shares, could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

On
July 27, 2022, at our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Company s stockholders approved a proposal to authorize the Board,
in its discretion but prior to July 26, 2023, to amend the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse
stock split of all of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a ratio in the range of 1-for-2 to 1-for-100, with
such ratio to be determined by the Board, and all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock were automatically redeemed. As a result,
no shares of Series D Preferred Stock remain outstanding. The stock split is not yet effective as of the date of this filing. 

We
cannot assure investors that our internal controls will prevent future material weaknesses. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and
disclosure controls and procedures. We are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. This assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management
in our internal control over financial reporting. 

There
can be no assurance that we will not suffer from material weaknesses in the future. If we fail to remediate these material weaknesses
or fail to otherwise maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, such failure could result in a material
misstatement of our annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis and
which could cause investors and other users to lose confidence in our consolidated financial statements, limit our ability to raise capital
and have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. Additionally, failure to remediate the material weaknesses or otherwise
failing to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting may also negatively impact our operating results and financial
condition, impair our ability to timely file our periodic and other reports with the SEC, subject us to additional litigation and regulatory
actions and cause us to incur substantial additional costs in future periods relating to the implementation of remedial measures. 

We
are subject to legal actions that could adversely affect our financial condition. 

From
time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Securities-related class action
and derivative lawsuits have often been brought against companies, including many biotechnology companies, which experience volatility
in the market price of their securities. This risk is especially relevant for biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies such as ours,
which often experience significant stock price volatility in connection with their product development programs. 

We
must pay the first legal fees and other litigation expenses incurred up to the application retention, or deductible, amounts under our
insurance policies, including our director s and officer s and other liability insurance policies, and the insurance may
not be sufficient to cover all of the liabilities that we may incur in connection with the pending or possible future legal actions.
As a result, any future legal actions may adversely affect out financial condition. 

41 

Our
anti-takeover measures may make it more difficult to change our management, or may discourage others from acquiring us, and thereby adversely
affect stockholder value. 

We
have a stockholder rights plan and provisions in our amended and restated by-laws (the Bylaws ), as amended, that are intended
to protect our stockholders interests by encouraging anyone seeking control of our company to negotiate with our Board. These
provisions may discourage or prevent a person or group from acquiring us without the approval of our Board, even if the acquisition would
be beneficial to our stockholders. 

We
have a classified Board, which means that at least two stockholder meetings, instead of one, will be required to effect a change in the
majority control of our Board. This applies to every election of directors, not just an election occurring after a change in control.
The classification of our board increases the amount of time it takes to change majority control of our Board and may cause potential
acquirers to lose interest in a potential purchase of us, regardless of whether our purchase would be beneficial to us or our stockholders.
The additional time and cost to change a majority of the members of our board of directors makes it more difficult and may discourage
our existing stockholders from seeking to change our existing management in order to change the strategic direction or operational performance
of our company. 

At
the 2022 Annual Meeting, a proposal (the Declassification Proposal to declassify the structure of the Board was passed
on a precatory basis, which advised the Board that a majority of our stockholders desired to end the classified Board structure in favor
of the annual election of directors, in which each director standing for election will only be eligible to be elected for one-year terms.
The Board plans to adopt a resolution approving and declaring the advisability of amending our governing documents to the extent necessary
to remove provisions that provide for a classified Board, subject to approval by our stockholders at the 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders.
If passed, such a proposal would provide for a rolling declassification of the Board to be completed by the 2026 annual meeting of the
stockholders. 

Our
Bylaws provide that directors may only be removed for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of our capital stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors. This provision prevents stockholders from removing any
incumbent director without cause. Our Bylaws also provide that a stockholder must give us not fewer than 120 days but not more than 150
days notice of a proposal or director nomination that such stockholder desires to present at any annual meeting or special meeting
of our stockholders. Such provision prevents a stockholder from making a proposal or director nomination at a stockholder meeting without
us having advance notice of that proposal or director nomination. This could make a change in control more difficult by providing our
directors with more time to prepare an opposition to a proposed change in control. By making it more difficult to remove or install new
directors, these by-law provisions may also make our existing management less responsive to the views of our stockholders with respect
to our operations and other issues such as management selection and management compensation. 

We
are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which may also prevent or delay a takeover of us that may be
beneficial to our stockholders. 

Our
Bylaws, as amended, designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions
and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial
forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Our
Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the
sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, or (iv) any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to this provision of our Bylaws. This choice-of-forum provision may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits.
Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated by-laws inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

42 

The
Series C Certificate of Designation contains covenants that could limit our financing options and liquidity position, which would limit
our ability to grow our business. 

Covenants
in the Certificate of Designation for our Series C 10 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Certificate of Designation impose
operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions prohibit or limit our ability to, among other things: 

pay
 cash dividends to our stockholders, subject to certain limited exceptions; 

redeem
 or repurchase our common stock or other equity; or 

issue
 any classes of stock senior to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock in right of dividends,
 redemption or distribution of assets upon certain liquidation events. 

These
restrictions may limit our ability to obtain additional financing, withstand downturns in our business or take advantage of business
opportunities. 

We
may issue additional classes of preferred stock in the future, and the terms of the preferred stock may reduce the value of our common
stock. 

We
are authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series. In the past, we have issued shares of preferred stock, including
shares of our Preferred Stock issued in 2021. Our Board may determine the terms of future preferred stock offerings without further action
by our stockholders. If we issue preferred stock, it could affect your rights or reduce the value of our outstanding common stock. In
particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock may include voting rights, preferences as to dividends and liquidation,
conversion and redemption rights, sinking fund provisions, and restrictions on our ability to merge with or sell our assets to a third
party. 

We
do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock. 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock or other securities, and we currently do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Because we do not anticipate paying cash dividends for the foreseeable future, our stockholders
will not realize a return on their investment in our common stock except to the extent of any appreciation in the value of our common
stock. Our common stock may not appreciate in value, or it may decline in value. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

Under
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s
ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research and development
tax credits) to offset its post-change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an ownership change occurs if there
is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year
period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. As a result of a previous ownership change, our annual utilization of approximately
 67.6 million in federal net operating loss carryforwards became substantially limited. If we experience ownership changes as a result
of future transactions in our stock, we may be further limited in our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax
assets to reduce taxes owed on the net taxable income that we earn. Any such limitations on the ability to use our net operating loss
carryforwards and other tax assets could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us on any net income that we may earn
in the future. 

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

43 

Item
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease our headquarters in Los Angeles, California. The lease covers approximately 2,771 square feet of office and storage space and expires
in February 2024, with a right to extend the term for an additional five-year period, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
the lease agreement. Our monthly rent is 14,340, subject to an annual increase of 3.5 percent. We also lease additional storage space
for approximately 540 square feet. This lease expires in February 2024, and requires us to make monthly payments of 1,405, subject to
annual increases of 2.5 percent. In March 2022, we entered into a sub-lease for our office space that provides for a monthly rental income
of 8,867, subject to an annual increase of 3.5 percent. 

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are occasionally involved in legal proceedings and other matters arising from the normal course of business. On November 30, 2022, Jerald
Hammann Hammann filed a complaint (the Complaint against the Company, Mr. Caloz, and Mr. Kriegsman (together,
 Defendants in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, alleging various violations of a Cooperation Agreement,
dated August 21, 2020, by and between the Company and Hammann. The Complaint alleges breaches of a provision limiting the Board s
ability to effect discretionary compensation and a non-disparagement provision. The Complaint further alleges a breach of a purported
implied obligation that the Company disclose various internal records to Hammann. Defendants believe the Complaint is wholly without
merit and have moved to dismiss the Complaint in its entirety. Defendants intend to litigate vigorously against Hammann s claims. 

We
intend to vigorously defend against any complaint. We have directors and officers liability insurance, which will be utilized,
after the deductible, in the defense of any matter involving our directors or officers. 

We
evaluate developments in legal proceedings and other matters on a quarterly basis. If an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and reasonably
estimable, we could incur charges that could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations for
the period in which the outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable. 

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on The OTC Market under the symbol LADX. The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices
for our common stock for the periods indicated as reported by The OTC Market. The high and low prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year 2022: 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.21 
 0.08 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.13 
 0.08 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.34 
 0.09 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.67 
 0.33 

Fiscal Year 2021 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.83 
 0.45 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.54 
 
 Second Quarter 
 3.21 
 0.89 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.83 
 0.45 

44 

Holders 

On
March 20, 2023, there were approximately 180 holders of record of our common stock. The number of record holders does not reflect the
number of beneficial owners of our common stock for whom shares are held by brokerage firms and other nominees. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends since our inception and do not contemplate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022, regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity
compensation plans: 

Plan
 Category 
 (a) Number
 of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 (b) Weighted-Average
 Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Restricted Stock, Warrants and Rights 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining Available for issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by our
 security holders: 

2008 Stock
 Incentive Plan 
 1,265,108 
 9.42 

Equity compensation plans not approved by
 our security holders: 

2019 Stock Incentive
 Plan 
 500,000 
 0.26 

Outstanding
 warrants (1) 
 4,167 
 33.60 

Total 
 1,769,275 
 6.89 

(1)
The warrants shown were issued in discrete transactions from time to time as compensation for services rendered by consultants, advisors
or other third parties, and do not include warrants sold in capital-raising transactions. The material terms of such warrants were determined
based upon arm s-length negotiations with the service providers. The warrant exercise price approximates the market price of our
common stock at or about the date of grant, and the warrants expire in March 2024. The warrants contain customary anti-dilution adjustments
in the event of a stock split, reverse stock split, reclassification or combination of our outstanding common stock and similar events
and certain of the warrants contain anti-dilution adjustments triggered by other corporate events, such as dividends. 

For
more information on the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan and the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, see Item 11. Executive Compensation 2008
Stock Incentive Plan and the 2019 Plan Descriptions . 

Recent
Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

There were no
sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Repurchase
of Shares 

We
did not repurchase any of our shares during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. [RESERVED]. 

Item
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the discussion under
 Selected Financial Data and our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements, based on current expectations and related to future events and our future financial performance, that involve
risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of many important factors, including those set forth under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

LadRx
is a biopharmaceutical research and development company specializing in oncology. The Company s focus is on the discovery, research
and clinical development of novel anti-cancer drug candidates that employ novel technologies that target chemotherapeutic drugs to solid
tumors and reduce off-target toxicities. During 2017, the Company s discovery laboratory in Freiburg, Germany synthesized and tested over 75
rationally designed drug candidates with highly potent anti-cancer payloads, culminating in the creation of two distinct classes of compounds.
Four lead candidates (LADR-7 through LADR-10) were selected based on in vitro and animal studies in several different cancer models,
and based on stability and manufacturing feasibility. In addition, a novel companion diagnostic, ACDx , was developed to identify
patients with cancer who are most likely to benefit from treatment with these drug candidates. However, the Company s research and development activities have been curtailed as they seek additional financing. 

On
June 1, 2018, the Company launched Centurion and transferred all of its assets, liabilities and personnel associated with the laboratory
operations in Freiburg, Germany. In connection with said transfer, the Company and Centurion entered into a Management Services Agreement
whereby the Company agreed to render advisory, consulting, financial and administrative services to Centurion, for which Centurion shall
reimburse the Company for the cost of such services plus a 5 service charge. On December 21, 2018, LadRx announced that Centurion had
concluded the pre-clinical phase of development for its four LADR drug candidates, and for its albumin companion diagnostic (ACDx ).
As a result of completing this work, operations taking place at the pre-clinical laboratory in Freiburg, Germany were no longer needed
and, accordingly, the lab was closed at the end of January 2019. 

On
March 9, 2022, Centurion merged with and into LadRx, with LadRx absorbing all of Centurion s assets and continuing after the Merger.
The Merger was implemented through an agreement and plan of merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware and did not require approval from either our or Centurion s stockholders. The Certificate of Ownership merging Centurion
into LadRx was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 9, 2022. 

Effective
September 26, 2022, the Company changed its name from CytRx Corporation to LadRx Corporation pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment to
our Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware. In accordance with the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the DGCL ), its board of directors approved the name change and the Certificate of Amendment. Pursuant
to Section 242(b)(1) of the DGCL, stockholder approval was not required for the name change or the Certificate of Amendment. 

LadRx
is a Delaware corporation, incorporated in 1985. Our corporate offices are located at 11726 San Vicente Boulevard, Suite 650, Los Angeles,
California 90049, and our telephone number is (310) 826-5648. Our web site is located at www.ladrxcorp.com. We do not incorporate by
reference into this Annual Report the information on, or accessible through, our website, and you should not consider it as part of this
Annual Report. 

45 

LADR
Drug Discovery Platform 

The
LADR Technology Offers the Opportunity for multiple pipeline drugs. The Company s LADR (Linker Activated Drug Release) technology
platform consists of an organic backbone that is attached to a chemotoxic agent. The purpose of the LADR backbone is to first
target and deliver the chemotoxic agent to the tumor environment, and then to release the chemotoxic agent within the tumor. By delivering,
concentrating, and releasing the chemotoxic agent within the tumor, one expects to reduce the off-target side-effects of the chemotherapeutic,
which in turn allows for several-fold higher dosing of the chemotherapeutic to the patient. Being small organic molecules, the Company
expects LADR-based drugs to offer the benefits of targeting the tumor without the complexity, side effects, and expense inherent in macromolecules
such as antibodies and nanoparticles. 

The
Company s LADR-based drugs use circulating albumin as the binding target and as the trojan horse to deliver the LADR drugs
to the tumor. Albumin is the most abundant protein in plasma and accumulates inside tumors due to the aberrant vascular structure that
exists within solid tumors. Tumors use albumin as a nutritional source and for transport of signaling and other molecules that are important
to the maintenance and growth of the tumor, which makes albumin an excellent target for drugs that are intended for solid tumors. 

The
Company s LADR development efforts are focused on two classes of ultra-high potency albumin-binding drugs. These LADR-based
drugs, LADR7, 8, 9, and 10, combine the proprietary LADR backbone with novel derivatives of the auristatin and maytansinoid drug
classes. Auristatin and maytansinoid are highly potent chemotoxins and require targeting to the tumor for safe administration to humans,
as is the case for the FDA-approved drugs Adcetris (auristatin antibody-drug-conjugate by Seagen) and Kadcyla (maytansine antibody-drug-conjugate
by Genentech). We believe that LADR-based drugs offer the benefits of tumor targeting without the disadvantages of antibodies and other
macromolecules, which include expense, complexity, and negative side effects. Additionally, albumin is a very well-characterized drug
target, which we believe will reduce clinical and regulatory costs and risks. 

The
Company s postulated mechanism of action for LADR-based drugs is as follows: 

after
 administration, the linker portion of the drug conjugate forms a rapid and specific covalent bond to the cysteine-34 position of
 circulating albumin; 

circulating
 albumin preferentially accumulates in tumors due to a mechanism called Enhanced Permeability and Retention , which results
 in lower exposure to the drug in noncancerous tissues of the heart, liver, and other organs; 

once
 localized at the tumor, the acid-sensitive linker of the LADR backbone is cleaved due to the specific conditions within the
 tumor and in the tumor microenvironment; and 

free
 active drug is then released within the tumor, causing tumor cell death. 

The
first-generation LADR-based drug is called aldoxorubicin. Aldoxorubicin is the drug doxorubicin attached to the first generation LADR 
backbone (LADRs 7-10 employ a next generation LADR backbone). Aldoxorubicin has been administered to over 600 human subjects in
human clinical trials and has proven the concept of LADR in that several-fold more doxorubicin can be safely administered to patients
when the doxorubicin is attached to LADR than when administered as native doxorubicin. Aldoxorubicin has been licensed to ImmunityBio,
and is currently in a Phase II registrational intent trial for pancreatic cancer. Aldoxorubicin is expected to enter a Phase I/II trial
for glioblastoma in 2022 or 2023. 

The
next generation LADR drugs are termed LADR7, 8, 9, and 10. A great deal of Investigational New Drug IND enabling
work has already been accomplished on LADR7-10, including in-silico modeling, in-vitro efficacy testing in several different cancer models,
in-vivo dosing, safety, and efficacy testing in several different cancer models in animals. We have also developed and proven manufacturability,
an important step prior to beginning human clinical trials. 

46 

The
IND-enabling work that remains prior to applying to the FDA for first-in-human studies for LADR7-10 is limited due to the extensive experimentation
already completed. For example, in the case of LADR7, a manufacturing run under GMP must be completed and some toxicology studies completed
using the GMP material must be completed in animals. Toxicology studies with LADR7 have already been completed with non-GMP manufactured
drug. Management estimates that these final IND-enabling activities for LADR7 would take approximately 12 months to complete, once funded
and initiated, and that first-in-human dosing would be achieved within approximately 6-9 months after completion of the IND-enabling
studies. Management further estimates that the cost to manufacture GMP material for one LADR drug, for example LADR7, complete
all pre-IND studies, and to obtain an IND could be approximately 2 million in direct costs, based on current estimates, representing
a capital-efficient path to clinical entry. 

Because
the LADR backbone in future products would be the same as the LADR backbone in current product candidates, (i.e. the chemotoxin
can be changed without changing the LADR backbone), management anticipates that future product candidates beyond LADR7-10 may
enjoy abbreviated pre-clinical pathways to first-in-human. Such abbreviated pathways would be subject to FDA review and agreement. 

The
Company s novel companion diagnostic, ACDx (albumin companion diagnostic) was developed to identify patients with cancer
who are most likely to benefit from treatment with the four LADR lead assets. We have not yet determined whether the use of a
companion diagnostic will be necessary or helpful, and plan to continue to investigate this question in parallel to the pre-clinical
and clinical development of LADRs 7-10. 

The
LADR backbone and drugs that employ LADR are protected by domestic and international patents, and additional patents are
pending. 

Business
Strategy for LADR Platform 

Throughout
2022, with the assistance of oncology drug development experts, the Company has inventoried the IND-enabling data for LADRs 7-10, developed
a strategy to complete the IND-enabling studies necessary for at least one LADR drug, and worked with vendors on establishing
approximate time lines and costs to reach first-in-human dosing, inclusive of manufacturing, and completion of pre-IND studies and FDA
filings, With this important groundwork completed, we believe that management is well situated to rapidly advance our next-generation
LADR assets as soon as funding or partnering is achieved, and is working diligently to obtain funding and/or partnering of the
LADR assets. Management will continue to explore in parallel both partnered and non-partnered funding and development strategies
for LADR with a goal of obtaining the least costly capital possible to enable value inflection milestones. 

Partnering
of Aldoxorubicin 

On
July 27, 2017, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide license with ImmunityBio, granting to ImmunityBio the exclusive rights
to develop, manufacture and commercialize aldoxorubicin in all indications, and the Company is no longer directly working on the development
of aldoxorubicin. As part of the license agreement, ImmunityBio made a strategic investment of 13 million in LadRx common stock at 6.60
per share (adjusted to reflect our 2017 reverse stock split), a premium of 92 to the market price on that date. In connection therewith,
the Company also issued ImmunityBio a warrant to purchase up to 500,000 shares of common stock at 6.60, which expired on January 26,
2019. The Company is entitled to receive up to an aggregate of 343 million in potential milestone payments, contingent upon achievement
of certain regulatory approvals and commercial milestones. The Company is also entitled to receive ascending double-digit royalties for
net sales for soft tissue sarcomas and mid to high single digit royalties for other indications. There can be no assurance that ImmunityBio
will achieve such milestones, approvals or sales with respect to aldoxorubicin. 

47 

ImmunityBio
is conducting an open-label, randomized, Phase 2 study of a combination of immunotherapy, aldoxorubicin and standard-of-care chemotherapy
versus standard-of-care chemotherapy alone for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer in patients who have
had 1 or 2 lines of treatment (Cohorts A and B) or 3 or greater lines of treatment (Cohort C). 

In
January 2023, ImmunityBio announced positive results in its fully-enrolled metastatic pancreatic cancer study in third-line or greater
subjects (QUILT 88) showing that the overall survival rate for patients continues to be double compared to historical survival rates
after two or more prior lines of therapy. The results were presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Gastrointestinal (ASCO
GI) conference in San Francisco on January 19-21, 2023. The median OS in this highly advanced group of patients, up to seven lines (N=83)
of treatment, was 5.8 months (95 CI: 4.9, 6.4 months), exceeding the approximately 2- to 3-month historical median OS. In the third-line
setting (N=41), the median OS in this group was 6.3 months (95 CI: 5.0, 7.2 months), more than doubling the historical OS. The baseline
median CA 19-9 level (a marker of metastatic pancreatic disease) of the enrolled subjects (N=83) was very high at 4120 IU/ml, a significant
increase from normal levels of 40 IU/ml. In subjects with CA 19-9 levels less than 4120 IU/ml (N=40), the median OS was 6.9 months (95 
CI: 5.7,10.9). 

In
December 2022, Immunity Bio held a Type B meeting with the FDA to discuss the path for approval of this combination therapy for pancreatic
cancer. The FDA advised ImmunityBio to conduct a randomized trial. This Phase 2, randomized, three-cohort, open-label study plans to
evaluate the comparative efficacy and overall safety of standard-of-care chemotherapy versus low-dose chemotherapy in combination with
PD-L1 t-haNK, Anktiva (N-803), and aldoxorubicin in subjects with locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer (NCT04390399). Each
treatment setting, as well as each first- and second-line or later maintenance treatment, will be evaluated independently as Cohorts
A, B, and C, respectively, with Cohorts A and B having independent experimental and control arms. The primary objective of Cohorts A
and B is progression-free survival (PFS) per RECIST V1.1, and the objective of Cohort C is overall survival (OS). Secondary objectives
include initial safety and additional efficacy measures, including overall response rate (ORR), complete response (CR) rate, durability
of response (DoR), disease control rate (DCR), and overall survival (OS) 

Aldoxorubicin
has received ODD by the FDA for the treatment of STS. ODD provides several benefits including seven years of market exclusivity after
approval, certain R D related tax credits, and protocol assistance by the FDA. European regulators granted aldoxorubicin Orphan designation
for STS which confers ten years of market exclusivity among other benefits. 

ImmunityBio
also lists ongoing clinical studies in glioblastoma; it is currently reviewing its options in STS. 

Molecular
Chaperone Assets (Orphayzme) 

In
2011, LadRx sold the rights to arimoclomol and iroxanadine, based on molecular chaperone regulation technology, to Orphazyme in exchange
for a one-time, upfront payment and the right to receive up to a total of 120 million in milestone payments upon the achievement of
certain pre-specified regulatory and business milestones, as well as royalty payments based on a specified percentage of any net sales
of products derived from the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement. Orphazyme transferred its rights and obligations under the 2011 Arimoclomol
Agreement to KemPharm in May 2022. 

In
May 2021, Orphazyme announced that the pivotal phase 3 clinical trial for arimoclomol in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis did not meet its
primary and secondary endpoints, reducing the maximum amount that LadRx currently has the right to receive under the 2011 Arimoclomol
Agreement to approximately 100 million. Orphazyme also tested arimoclomol in NPC and Gaucher disease, and following a Phase II/III trial
submitted to the FDA a NDA for the treatment of NPC with arimoclomol. On June 18, 2021, Orphazyme announced it had received a Complete
Response Letter from the FDA indicating the need for additional data. In late October 2021, Orphazyme announced it held a Type A meeting
with the FDA, at which the FDA recommended that Orphazyme submit additional data, information and analyses to address certain topics
in the Complete Response Letter and engage in further interactions with the FDA to identify a pathway to resubmission. The FDA concurred
with Orphazyme s proposal to remove the cognition domain from the NPCCSS endpoint, with the result that the primary endpoint is
permitted to be recalculated using the 4- domain NPCCSS, subject to the submission of additional requested information which Orphazyme
had publicly indicated that it intended to provide. To bolster the confirmatory evidence already submitted, the FDA affirmed that it
would require additional in vivo or pharmacodynamic (PD)/pharmacokinetic (PK) data. Orphazyme planned to request a Type C Meeting with
the FDA in the second quarter of 2022. Subject to discussions with the regulatory body, Orphazyme had publicly indicated that it planned
to resubmit the NDA for arimoclomol in the second half of 2022. 

48 

Orphazyme
had also submitted a MAA with the EMA. In February 2022, Orphazyme announced that although they had received positive feedback from the
CHMP of the EMA, they were notified by the CHMP of a negative trend vote on the MAA for arimoclomol for NPC following an oral explanation.
In March 2022 Orphazyme removed its application with the EMA. Orphazyme has publicly indicated that it will assess its strategic options
and provide an update to the market at the applicable time. 

On
May 31, 2022, Orphazyme announced that it had completed the sale of substantially all of its assets and business activities for cash
consideration of 12.8 million and assumption of liabilities estimated to equal approximately 5.2 million to KemPharm, a specialty biopharmaceutical
company focused on the discovery and development of novel treatments for rare CNS diseases. As part of the KemPharm Transaction, all
of Orphazyme s obligations to LadRx under the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement, including with regard to milestone payments and royalties
on sales, were assumed by KemPharm. KemPharm is expected to continue the early access programs with arimoclomol, and to continue to pursue
the potential approval of arimoclomol as a treatment option for NPC. KemPharm indicated it plans on resubmitting the NDA for arimoclomol
in the first quarter of 2023. It is also identifying a regulatory path forward with the EMA. 

Research
and Development 

There
were no expenditures for research and development activities related to continuing operations in 2022 or 2021. 

We
do not currently project incurring any material research and development expenditures in 2023. Should the Company be successful in raising
capital to further develop its LADR compounds along with a companion diagnostic, only then would the Company incur research and development
expenditures. 

All
of our product candidates in development must be approved by the FDA or corresponding foreign governmental agencies before they can be
marketed. The process for obtaining FDA and foreign government approvals is both time-consuming and costly, with no certainty of a successful
outcome. A discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth in the Risk Factors 
section of this Annual Report. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses consist of costs incurred for direct and overhead-related research expenses and are expensed as incurred. Costs
to acquire technologies, including licenses, that are utilized in research and development and that have no alternative future use are
expensed when incurred. Technology developed for use in our product candidates is expensed as incurred until technological feasibility
has been established. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management s
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including
those related to stock options, impairment of long-lived assets, including accrued liabilities and certain expenses. We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report.
We believe the following critical accounting policies are affected by our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements: 

49 

Clinical
Trial Expenses 

Clinical
trial expenses, which are included in research and development expenses, include obligations resulting from our contracts with various
contract research organizations CROs ), in connection with conducting clinical trials of our product candidates. We recognize
expenses for these activities based on a variety of factors, including actual and estimated labor hours, clinical site initiation activities,
patient enrollment rates, estimates of external costs and other activity-based factors. We believe that this method is the best measure
of the efforts expended on a clinical trial with the expenses we record. We adjust our rate of clinical expense recognition if actual
results differ from our estimates. If our estimates prove to be incorrect, clinical trial expenses recorded in any particular period
could vary. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
fair value of the Company s stock option and restricted stock grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing
model, which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the stock options or
restricted stock, and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes-Merton Option
Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing model could materially
affect compensation expense recorded in future periods. 

Basic
and Diluted Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock 

Basic
and diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding.
for the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by
the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding plus the number of additional shares of common stock that would have
been outstanding if all dilutive potential common stock had been issued using the treasury stock method. Potential shares of common stock
are excluded from the computation when their effect is antidilutive. Common stock equivalents that could potentially dilute net loss
per share in the future, and which were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share, were as follows: 

As
 of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Options to acquire common stock 
 1,765,108 
 2,827,829 
 
 Warrants to acquire common stock 
 4,167 
 4,167 
 
 Convertible preferred stock 
 3,127,689 
 9,363,637 
 
 Preferred Investment
 option 
 11,363,637 
 11,363,637 

16,260,601 
 23,559,270 

50 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Going
Concern 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company incurred a net loss of 4.2 million, utilized cash in operations of 4.8 million, and the Company had a stockholders deficit
of 1.3 million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has no recurring revenue. As a result, management has concluded that
there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In
order to fund our business and operations, we have relied primarily upon sales of our equity securities, including proceeds from the
exercise of stock options and common stock purchase warrants and long-term loan financing. We also have received limited funding from
our strategic partners and licensees. We will ultimately be required to obtain additional funding in order to execute our long-term business
plans, although we do not currently have commitments from any third parties to provide us with long term debt or capital. We cannot assure
that additional funding will be available on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to obtain additional funding when needed, we may
not be able to execute our business plans and our business may suffer, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. We have approximately 1.2 million of contractual obligations in 2023 and expect to pay these out
of the Company s balance sheet cash. We have a total of approximately 1.9 million of material contractual obligations beyond 2023. 

If
ImmunityBio obtains marketing approval and successfully commercializes aldoxorubicin, we anticipate it will take two years, and possibly
longer, for us to generate significant recurring revenue, and we will be dependent on future financing until such time, if ever, as we
can generate significant recurring revenue. There are also no certainties that KemPharm will be successful in obtaining FDA and EMA approval
for arimoclomol or choose to commercialize arimoclomol. We have no commitments from third parties to provide us with any additional financing,
and we may not be able to obtain future financing on favorable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain adequate financing would adversely
affect our ability to operate as a going concern. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to stockholders
may result and new investors could have rights superior to some or all of our existing equity holders. In addition, debt financing, if
available, may include restrictive covenants. If adequate funds are not available to us, we may have to liquidate some or all of our
assets or to delay or reduce the scope of or eliminate some portion or all of our development programs or clinical trials. 

Discussion
of Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4.8 million, which was primarily the result of a net loss
from operations of 4.2 million, plus 0.6 million in net cash outflows associated with changes in assets and liabilities. The net cash
outflows associated with changes in assets and liabilities were primarily due to reductions of 1.0 million of accrued expenses, 0.5
million in accounts payable and 0.2 million in lease liabilities, offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets
of 0.7 million, 0.2 million in accounts receivable and 0.2 million in amortization of right-of-use assets. 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 12.3 million, which was primarily the result of a net loss
from operations of 13.2 million, offset by 0.9 million in net cash inflows associated with changes in assets and liabilities. The net
cash inflows associated with changes in assets and liabilities were primarily due to increases of 0.9 million of accrued expenses and
other current liabilities, 0.2 million of amortization of right-of-use asset and 0.1 million of insurance receivable, offset by reductions
of 0.2 million of prepaid expenses and other current assets and 0.2 million of decrease in lease liabilities. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

We
purchased 1,000 of fixed assets in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 7,000 of fixed assets in the year ended December 31, 2021,
and do not expect any significant capital spending during the next 12 months. 

51 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

We
paid dividends on the preferred shares of 0.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 9.1 million, 9.2 million of which was related to the sale of our common stock, Preferred Stock
and preferred investment options described in Note 2 of our audited financial statements contained in this Annual Report and 0.1 million
from the exercise of stock options, offset by 0.2 million paid in respect of preferred stock dividend. 

We
continue to evaluate potential future sources of capital, as we do not currently have commitments from any third parties to provide us
with additional capital and we may not be able to obtain future financing on favorable terms, or at all. The results of our technology
licensing efforts and the actual proceeds of any fund-raising activities will determine our ongoing ability to operate as a going concern.
Our ability to obtain future financings through joint ventures, product licensing arrangements, royalty sales, equity financings, grants
or otherwise is subject to market conditions and our ability to identify parties that are willing and able to enter into such arrangements
on terms that are satisfactory to us. Depending upon the outcome of our fundraising efforts, the accompanying financial information may
not necessarily be indicative of our future financial condition. Failure to obtain adequate financing would adversely affect our ability
to operate as a going concern. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to generate revenues from our product candidates and become profitable. Even if we become profitable,
we may not be able to sustain that profitability. 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Results
of Operations 

We
incurred a net loss of 4.2 million and 13.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized no service revenue and earned an immaterial amount of license fees and grant
revenue. All future licensing fees under our current licensing agreements are dependent upon the achievement of successful development
milestones by our licensees. 

General
and Administrative 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(In thousands) 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 4,534 
 5,966 
 
 Employee stock and stock
 option expense 
 11 

Total 
 4,545 
 5,966 

General
and administrative expenses include all administrative salaries and general corporate expenses, including legal expenses associated with
the prosecution of our intellectual property. Our general and administrative expenses, excluding employee stock and stock option exercises,
were 4.5 million and 6.0 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 15,000 and 14,000, respectively. The depreciation
expense reflects the depreciation of our equipment and furnishings. 

Settlement with former Chief
Executive Officer 

On January 3, 2022, in connection
with the Separation Agreement, Steven A. Kriegsman, who served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CytRx Corporation, departed
from his roles as an officer of the Company and the Chairman of the Company s board of directors, Mr. Kriegsman s departure
as Chairman of the Board was not in connection with any disagreement between Mr. Kriegsman and the Company, its management, the Board
or any committee of the Board on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices, or any other matter. 

In connection with the execution of the Separation Agreement, Mr. Kriegsman s existing executive employment
agreement, as amended (the Prior Employment Agreement ), was terminated; provided, however, that certain surviving
customary confidentiality provisions and milestone and royalty payments as defined in the Prior Employment Agreement remain in full force
and effect. Pursuant to the Prior Employment Agreement and the Separation Agreement, Mr. Kriegsman received a lump sum cash payment equal
to approximately 6.0 million. 

Liquidated
Damages 

On
July 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with a single institutional
investor (the Investor for aggregate gross proceeds of 10 million and net proceeds of approximately 9.2 million. The
transaction closed on July 16, 2021. Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company sold and issued (i) 2 million shares of its common stock
at a purchase price of 0.88 per share for total gross proceeds of approximately 1.76 million in a registered direct offering (the Registered
Direct Offering and (ii) 8,240 shares of Preferred Stock at a purchase price of 1,000 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds
of approximately 8.24 million, in a concurrent private placement (the Private Placement and, together with the Registered
Direct Offering, the July 2021 Offerings ). The shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, upon shareholder approval
as described below, into an aggregate of up to 9,363,637 shares of common stock at a conversion price of 0.88 per share. The Company
also issued to the Investor an unregistered preferred investment option (the Preferred Investment Option that allows for
the purchase of up to 11,363,637 shares of common stock for additional gross proceeds of approximately 10 million if the Preferred Investment
Option is exercised in full. The Preferred Investment Option has a term equal to five and one-half years commencing upon the Company
increasing its authorized common stock following shareholder approval, which was increased on March 15, 2022, following approval by the
stockholders at a special meeting held on March 15, 2022. 

52 

In
connection with the July 2021 Offerings, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021 (the Registration
Rights Agreement ), with the investor named therein, pursuant to which the Company will undertake to file, within five calendar
days of the date of the filing of the proxy statement seeking the Stockholder Approval, a resale registration statement to register the
shares of common stock issuable upon: (i) the conversion of the Preferred Stock sold in the Private Placement and (ii) the exercise of
the Preferred Investment Option (collectively, the Registrable Securities and to cause such registration statement to
be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than 75 days
following the pricing date of this offering, or no later than 105 days following such date in the event of a full review 
by the SEC, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such registration statement continuously effective under the Securities
Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement have been sold or are otherwise able to be
sold pursuant to Rule 144. 

The
Registration Rights Agreement provides for liquidated damages to the extent that the Company does not file or maintain a registration
statement in accordance with the terms thereof. The Registration Rights Agreement contains a triggering event which would require us
to pay to any holder of the Preferred Stock an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, on a monthly basis
equal to the product of 2.0 multiplied by the aggregate subscription amount paid by such holder for shares of Preferred Stock pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement; provided, however, that such partial liquidated damages shall not exceed 24 of the aggregate subscription
amounts paid by such holders pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, or 1,977,600. If we fail to pay any partial liquidated damages within
seven days after the date payable, we will be required to pay interest on any such amounts at a rate equal to the lesser of 18 per annum
or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. 

The
Company was required to hold a special shareholders meeting to approve an increase in authorized common shares to allow for conversion
of preferred shares. At the first such meeting, held on September 23, 2021, the proposal was not approved by shareholders. On March 15,
2022,the Company held a special meeting of stockholders, which was originally opened and subsequently adjourned on September 23, 2021,
at which meeting the Company s stockholders, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the Company s outstanding shares of
capital stock, approved the amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to effect an increase in the number of shares
of authorized common stock, par value 0.001 per share, from 41,666,666 shares to 62,393,940 shares, and to make a corresponding change
to the number of authorized shares of capital stock in order to comply with the Company s contractual obligations under a securities
purchase agreement entered into on July 13, 2021 (the Authorized Share Increase Amendment ). 

On
March 15, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of
Delaware to effect the Authorized Share Increase Amendment. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred 1.1 million of liquidated damages, which included an accrual for estimated 2022
payments. 

53 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income was 12,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 17,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The variance between years is
attributable primarily to the amount of funds available for investment each year and, to a lesser extent, changes in prevailing market
interest rates. 

Known
Trends, Events and Uncertainties 

The
future events that would have the most material impact on the Company relate to the Securities Purchase Agreement in which we are required
to pay, on a quarterly basis, a 10 dividend on the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, with an outstanding balance of 28 million
as of December 31, 2022. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Credit Losses - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASC 326 ).
The standard significantly changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets, including accounts and notes receivables.
The standard will replace today s incurred loss approach with an expected loss model, under which companies
will recognize allowances based on expected rather than incurred losses. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. The standard is
effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 is not expected to
have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Other
recent authoritative guidance issued by the FASB (including technical corrections to the ASC), the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the SEC did not, or are not expected to, have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Historically,
our exposure to market risk is limited primarily to interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of
U.S. interest rates, particularly because a significant portion of our investments are in short-term debt securities issued by the U.S.
government and institutional money market funds. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal. Due to
the short-term nature of our investments, we believe that we are not exposed to any material market risk. We do not have any speculative
or hedging derivative financial instruments or foreign currency instruments. If interest rates had varied by 10 in the year ended December
31, 2022, it would not have had a material effect on our results of operations or cash flows for that period. 

Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
together with the reports thereon of our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Annual
Report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, performed an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e))
as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, as
described further below. 

54 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Edition) . Based upon management s assessment
using the criteria contained in COSO, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to have
a material affect, on our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information concerning our directors and executive officers: 

Name (1) 
 
 Age

Class
 of 
 Director (2) 
 
 Position 
 
 Jennifer
 K Simpson, Ph.D. 
 
 54 
 
 III 
 
 Chair
 of the Board (4) 
 
 Joel
 Caldwell 
 
 67 
 
 II 
 
 Director (3)) 
 
 Cary
 Claiborne 
 
 62 
 
 I 
 
 Director (3)
 (4) 
 
 Stephen
 Snowdy, Ph.D. 
 
 54 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 John
 Y. Caloz 
 
 70 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Senior Vice-President 

(1) 
 Dr.
 Simpson was appointed Chair of the Board on July 27, 2022. 

(2) 
 Our
 Class I director serves until the 2025 annual meeting of our stockholders; our Class II director serves until the 2023 annual meeting
 of our stockholders, and our Class III directors serve until the 2024 annual meeting of our stockholders. 

(3) 
 Members
 of our Audit Committee. Mr. Caldwell is Chairman of the Committee. 

(4) 
 Members
 of our Compensation Committee. Mr. Claiborne is Chairman of the Committee. 

Joel
Caldwell joined our Board on July 12, 2017. Mr. Caldwell brings more than 30 years of experience in tax matters, finance, and internal
auditing. Mr. Caldwell retired from Southern California Edison, one of the nation s largest public utilities, where he had been
employed for 28 years in various executive-level accounting and finance positions covering Internal Audits, Executive Compensation, Long
Term Finance, Employee Benefits and, most recently prior to his retirement, Sarbanes-Oxley Internal Controls Compliance. He also worked
in public accounting at the firm of Arthur Andersen Co. In 1980, Mr. Caldwell earned his MBA with a major in finance from the University
of California at Berkeley. Prior to that, Mr. Caldwell received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Finance, also from the
University of California at Berkeley. Mr. Caldwell has been a Certified Public Accountant in California since 1982 and a Certified Internal
Auditor since 1986. Mr. Caldwell volunteers his business skills, serving as a financial advisor on the board of trustees of a charitable
organization, and continues his involvement with track and field sports by volunteering as a meet official at Pacific Palisades Charter
High School. Mr. Caldwell is a member of both the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the California Society of Certified
Public Accountants. Mr. Caldwell was appointed Lead Director on January 3, 2022. 

55 

Mr.
Caldwell s diverse background in accounting, auditing and finance, along with his accreditation as a member of both the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the California Society of Certified Public Accountants will provide the board with a balanced
perspective to enhance its stewardship and fulfill his role as the named financial expert on our Audit Committee. 

Jennifer
Simpson, Ph.D. joined our Board in July 2021. She was appointed Chair of the Board on July 27, 2022. Dr. Simpson serves as President
and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors of Panbela Therapeutics since July 2020. She most recently served
as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors of Delcath Systems, Inc. from 2015 to June 2020. She
had previously held various other leadership roles at Delcath since 2012. From 2011 to 2012, Dr. Simpson served as Vice President, Global
Marketing, Oncology Brand Lead at ImClone Systems, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company), where she was responsible
for all product commercialization activities and launch preparation for one of the late-stage assets. From 2009 to 2011, Dr. Simpson
served as Vice President, Product Champion and from 2008 to 2009 as the Associate Vice President, Product Champion for ImClone s
product Ramucirumab. From 2006 to 2008, Dr. Simpson served as Product Director, Oncology Therapeutics Marketing at Ortho Biotech (now
Janssen Biotech), a Pennsylvania-based biotech company that focuses on innovative solutions in immunology, oncology and nephrology. Earlier
in her career, Dr. Simpson spent over a decade as a hematology/oncology nurse practitioner and educator. Dr. Simpson has served on the
board of directors and nominating and corporate governance committee of Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since August 2019. has been a director
since July 2002 and has served as the Chairman of the Board s Compensation Committee since December 2016. Dr. Simpson s experience
in the field of clinical development and oncology will be very helpful to the Board and the Company. 

Cary
Claiborne has served on the Board of Directors of NeuroSense Therapeutics since December 2021, where he also serves as chair
of the audit committee. Mr. Claiborne has served as the Chief Executive Officer since August 18, 2022 and prior to that as Chief Operating
officer since December 2021 and a director since November 2021 for Adial Pharmaceuticals Inc. a public biopharmaceutical company. Prior
to joining Adial, Mr. Claiborne served as the CEO of Prosperity Capital Management, LLC, a US based Private Investment and Advisory firm
that he founded. From 2014 until 2017, Mr. Claiborne served as the Chief Financial Officer and board member of Indivior PLC. a public
global commercial stage pharmaceutical company. Mr. Claiborne was also a director on the Board of Directors of New Generation Biofuels
Inc. and MedicAlert Foundation, where he also served as the chair of the audit and finance committees. From 2011 to 2014, Mr. Claiborne
was the Chief Financial Officer of Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a public global biopharmaceutical company focused on drug discovery,
development, and commercialization. Mr. Claiborne graduated from Rutgers University with a B.A. in Business Administration. He also holds
an M.B.A from Villanova University and was previously a NACD Governance Fellow. His diverse background in the pharmaceutical industry
and finance will provide the board with a balanced perspective and will be very helpful to the Board and the Company. 

Stephen
Snowdy, Ph.D . was appointed Chief Executive Officer on January 3, 2022, effective January 10, 2022. Dr. Snowdy is a scientist, serial
entrepreneur and medical venture capitalist with two decades of experience in life science investing and executive management. Dr. Snowdy
joins from Visioneering Technologies, Inc. (ASX: VTI), where he was Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director. Dr. Snowdy previously
served as Chief Executive Officer at Abby Med LLC, a start-up pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of a novel class of
cancer drugs. Prior to that, Dr. Snowdy was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Calosyn Pharma, Inc., a Phase 2 osteoarthritis company,
and was a partner for several years at a top-tier medical venture capital firm. Dr. Snowdy simultaneously earned a PhD in Neurobiology
and an MBA from the University of North Carolina. Dr. Snowdy studied Chemical Engineering and Chemistry at the University of Florida,
where he also completed two years of postbaccalaureate study in cardiopharmacology. His academic training followed service in the United
States Navy Special Forces. 

56 

John
Y. Caloz joined us in October 2007 as our Chief Accounting Officer. In January 2009, Mr. Caloz was named Chief Financial Officer
and in August of 2020 was appointed Senior Vice-President. Mr. Caloz has a history of providing senior financial leadership in the life
sciences sector, as Chief Financial Officer of Occulogix, Inc, a NASDAQ listed, medical therapy company. Prior to that, Mr. Caloz served
as Chief Financial Officer of IRIS International Inc., a Chatsworth, CA based medical device manufacturer. Mr. Caloz served as Chief
Financial Officer of San Francisco-based Synarc, Inc., a medical imaging company, and from 1993 to 1999 he was Senior Vice President,
Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Phoenix International Life Sciences Inc. of Montreal, Canada, which was acquired by MDS Inc. in
1999. Mr. Caloz was a partner at Rooney, Greig, Whitrod, Filion Associates of Saint Laurent, Quebec, Canada, a firm of Chartered
Accountants specializing in research and development and high-tech companies from 1983 to 1993, Mr. Caloz, a Chartered Professional Accountant
and Chartered Accountant, holds a degree in Accounting from York University, Toronto, Canada. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. 

Diversity 

Our
Board is responsible for assembling for stockholder consideration director-nominees who, taken together, have appropriate experience,
qualifications, attributes, and skills to function effectively as a board. The Board periodically reviews its composition in light of
our changing requirements, its assessment of its performance, and the input of stockholders and other key constituencies. The Board looks
for certain characteristics common to all board members, including integrity, strong professional reputation and record of achievement,
constructive and collegial personal attributes, and the ability and commitment to devote sufficient time and energy to board service.
In addition, they seek to include on the Board a complementary mix of individuals with diverse backgrounds and skills reflecting the
broad set of challenges that the Board confronts. These individual qualities can include matters such as experience in our company s
industry, technical experience i.e. , medical or research expertise), experience gained in situations comparable to the company s,
leadership experience, and relevant geographical diversity. 

Corporate
Governance 

Board
Committees, Meetings and Attendance 

Our
business, property and affairs are managed by or under the direction of the board of directors. Members of the board are kept informed
of our business through informal discussions with our chief executive and financial officers and other officers, by reviewing materials
provided to them and by participating at meetings of the board and its committees. 

Our
Board currently has two committees, the Audit Committee, in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Compensation Committee. The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Caldwell and Mr. Claiborne.
The Chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. Caldwell. The Compensation Committee consists of Mr. Claiborne and Dr. Simpson. Mr. Claiborne
is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee operate under formal charters that
govern their duties and conduct. Copies of the charters are available on our website at www.ladrx.com. 

Our
Board has determined that Mr. Caldwell, one of the independent directors serving on our Audit Committee, is an audit committee
financial expert as defined by the SEC s rules. Our Board has determined that Mr. Claiborne and Mr. Caldwell are independent 
under the current independence standards of both The OTC Market and the SEC. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board met five times, the Audit Committee met four times and the Compensation Committee met twice. 

57 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Each
of our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding shares of common stock is required under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common
stock and to furnish us with copies of those reports. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of copies of reports we have received
and written representations from certain reporting persons, we do not believe that there were any delinquent filers. We believe our directors
and executive officers and greater than 10 shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 complied with all applicable Section 16(a)
filing requirements. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
principal accounting officer, a copy of which is available on our website at www.ladrx.com. We will furnish, without charge, a copy of
our Code of Ethics upon request. Such requests should be directed to Attention: Corporate Secretary, 11726 San Vicente Boulevard, Suite
650, Los Angeles, California, or by telephone at 310-826-5648. 

Board
Structure 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide for the classification of our directors into three classes, which we refer to as
Class I, Class II and Class III, with each class to consist as nearly as possible of an equal number of directors. Our Class I director
serves until the 2025 annual meeting of our stockholders, our Class II director serves until the 2023 annual meeting of our stockholders,
and our Class III director serves until the 2024 annual meeting of our stockholders. 

On
July 27, 2022, our Board appointed Dr. Simpson as Chair of the Board. The Chair of the Board presides at all meetings of our Board (but
not at its executive sessions), and exercises and performs such other powers and duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to
time by the Board or prescribed by our Bylaws. On March 8, 2022, Dr. Ignarro, our previous Chairman of the Board, tendered his resignation
from the Board, effective immediately prior to the 2022 Annual Meeting. 

At
the 2022 Annual Meeting, the Declassification Proposal to declassify the structure of the Board was passed on a precatory basis, which
advised the Board that a majority of our stockholders desired to end the classified Board structure in favor of the annual election of
directors, in which each director standing for election will only be eligible to be elected for one-year terms. The Board plans to adopt
a resolution approving and declaring the advisability of amending our governing documents to the extent necessary to remove provisions
that provide for a classified Board, subject to approval by our stockholders at the 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders. If passed,
such a proposal would provide for a rolling declassification of the Board to be completed by the 2026 annual meeting of the stockholders. 

Board
of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 

In
connection with its oversight responsibilities, our Board, including the Audit Committee, periodically assesses the significant risks
that we face. These risks include, but are not limited to, financial, technological, competitive, and operational risks. Our Board administers
its risk oversight responsibilities through our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer who review and assess the operations
of our business, as well as operating management s identification, assessment and mitigation of the material risks affecting our
operations. 

Item
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table presents summary information concerning all compensation paid or accrued by us for services rendered in all capacities
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by Stephen Snowdy, Steven A. Kriegsman and John Y. Caloz, who were considered our Named
Executive Officers for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

58 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus )
 (2) 
 Option Awards )
 
 All
 Other Compensation
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Stephen Snowdy, Ph.D.(1) 

Chief Executive
 Officer 
 2022 
 488,063 
 75,000 
 (5) 
 
 563,063 

2021 

Steven A. Kriegsman (1) 

Former Chief Executive
 Officer 
 2022 

(3) 

2021 
 850,000 
 150,000 
 
 6,013,700 (4) 
 7,013,700 

John Y. Caloz 

Chief Financial Officer,
 Treasurer and Senior Vice-President 
 2022 
 400,000 
 100,000 

500,000 

2021 
 400,000 
 100,000 

500,000 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Kriegsman stepped down from his position as Chief Executive Officer as of January 3, 2022. 

(2) 
 Bonuses
 paid to Dr. Snowdy, the current Chief Executive Officer were paid on a quarterly basis, beginning April 10, 2022 and the bonus paid
 to Mr. Caloz was paid in full in December of each applicable year. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Kriegsman received a settlement payment of 6 million pursuant to the General Release and Separation Agreement (the Kriegsman
 Separation Agreement ), dated January 3, 2022, by and between the Company and Mr. Kriegsman. The settlement payment was remitted
 to the payroll service in December 2021 and paid to Mr. Kriegsman on January 3, 2022. 

(4) 
 13,700
 represents life insurance premiums. 

(5) 
 On
 January 10, 2022, Dr. Snowdy was granted Stock Appreciation Rights SARs relating to the appreciation of 300,000 shares
 of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.64, the fair market value on the date of grant. These SARs vest equally
 over three years on the annual anniversary of the date of grant. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth outstanding equity awards held by our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022 issued under our 2008
Plan and our 2019 Plan: 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 

John Y. Caloz 
 350,000 
 
 0.26 
 12/12/29 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Senior Vice-President 
 58,333 
 
 1.75 
 12/14/27 

58,333 
 
 2.58 
 12/14/26 

50,000 
 
 14.64 
 12/14/25 

33,334 
 
 12.90 
 12/14/24 

25,000 (1) 
 
 27.96 
 12/09/23 

(1) 
 The
 options were re-priced from 14.34 to 27.96 on June 1, 2015, with no change to the expiration date of the options. 

59 

2022
Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

No
stock options or restricted stock were granted in 2022. 

2008
Stock Incentive Plan and the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 

The
purpose of our 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, (the 2008 Plan ), and our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, (the 2019
Plan ), and together with the 2008 Plan, (the Plans is to promote our success and enhance our value by linking
the personal interests of our employees, officers, consultants and directors to those of our stockholders. The 2008 Plan was adopted
by our Board on November 21, 2008 and by our stockholders on July 1, 2009 with certain amendments to the 2008 Plan having been
subsequently approved by our Board and stockholders. The 2019 Plan was adopted by our Board on November 15, 2019. 

2008
Plan and the 2019 Plan Descriptions 

The
Plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board. The Compensation Committee has the power, authority and discretion
to: 

designate
 participants; 

determine
 the types of awards to grant to each participant and the number, terms and conditions of any award; 

establish,
 adopt or revise any rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plans; and 

make
 all other decisions and determinations that may be required under, or as the Compensation Committee deems necessary or advisable
 to administer, the Plans. 

Awards
under the 2008 Plan 

The
2008 Plan expired on November 20, 2018, and thus no shares are available for future grant under the 2008 Plan. 

Awards
under the 2019 Plan 

The
following is a summary description of financial instruments that may be granted to participants in our 2019 Plan by the Compensation
Committee of our Board. 

Stock
Options . The Compensation Committee is authorized to grant non-qualified stock options. The terms of any incentive stock option must
meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. The exercise price of an option may not be less than the fair market
value of the underlying stock on the date of grant, and no option may have a term of more than 10 years from the grant date. 

Restricted
Stock . The Compensation Committee may make awards of restricted stock, which will be subject to forfeiture to us and other restrictions
as the Compensation Committee may impose. 

Stock
Bonus Awards. The Compensation Committee may make awards of stock bonus awards in consideration for past services actually rendered,
which will be subject to repurchase by us and such other terms as the Compensation Committee may impose. 

Limitations
on Transfer; Beneficiaries. Stock Option awards under the 2019 Plan may generally not be transferred or assigned by participants
other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Awards of Restricted Stock or Stock Bonus awards may be transferred or assigned
only upon such terms and conditions as set forth in the award agreement or as determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion. 

60 

Acceleration
Upon Certain Events. In the event of a Corporate Transaction as defined in the 2019 Plan, all outstanding options will
become fully vested, subject to the holder s consent with respect to incentive stock options, and exercisable and all restrictions
on all outstanding awards will lapse. Unless the surviving or acquiring entity assumes the awards in the Corporate Transaction or the
stock award agreement provides otherwise, the stock awards will terminate if not exercised at or prior to the Corporate Transaction. 

Termination
and Amendment 

Our
Board or the Compensation Committee may, at any time and from time to time, terminate or amend the 2019 Plan without stockholder approval;
provided, however, that our Board or the Compensation Committee may condition any amendment on the approval of our stockholders if such
approval is necessary or deemed advisable with respect to tax, securities or other applicable laws, policies or regulations. No termination
or amendment of the Plans may adversely affect any award previously granted without the written consent of the participants affected.
The Compensation Committee may amend any outstanding award without the approval of the participants affected, except that no such amendment
may diminish or impair the value of an award. 

Employment
Agreements and Potential Payment upon Termination or Change in Control 

Employment
Agreements with Stephen Snowdy 

2022
Snowdy Employment Agreement 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company entered into an employment agreement, effective January 10, 2022 (the Effective Date ), with
Dr. Stephen Snowdy, under which the Company agreed to employ Dr. Snowdy as its Chief Executive Officer through December 31, 2022 (the
 Snowdy Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Snowdy Employment Agreement, Dr. Snowdy is entitled to a base annual salary
of 500,000. Dr. Snowdy also is entitled to receive a signing bonus of 100,000, payable in four quarterly installments, with the first
installment to be paid on the date that is 90 days following the Effective Date, and an annual bonus to be determined by the Board in
its sole discretion, based on certain performance criteria as established by the Board, with such bonus payable no later than the last
regular payroll in 2022. Dr. Snowdy is also eligible to receive a bonus of up to 3.0 of the amount of non-broker assisted funding raised
to fund Centurion on terms acceptable to both the Board of Centurion and LadRx. The Snowdy Employment Agreement also entitles Dr. Snowdy
to receive customary benefits and reimbursement for ordinary business expenses. In connection with Dr. Snowdy s appointment and
as a further inducement to enter into the Snowdy Employment Agreement, the Company granted Dr. Snowdy 300,000 cash-based stock appreciation
rights with a base price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Company s form of cash-based stock appreciation rights agreement, which terms shall include vesting in three
substantially equal tranches on the first, second and third anniversary of the Effective Date. 

Under
the Snowdy Employment Agreement, Dr. Snowdy is also eligible to receive nonqualified stock options equal to 2 of the fully diluted common
stock of Centurion with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of Centurion on the date of grant, subject to the terms and
conditions of a grant agreement. In the event Dr. Snowdy s employment is terminated without cause or due to disability 
(each term as defined in the Snowdy Employment Agreement) or death, the Company has agreed to (i) pay Dr. Snowdy or his heirs or personal
representatives, as applicable, a lump-sum severance amount equal to six months base annual salary, or twelve months base
annual salary if Dr. Snowdy s employment is terminated without cause following a change in control 
(each term as defined in the Snowdy Employment Agreement), and (ii) continue the participation, at the Company s cost, for a period
of six months, or twelve months if the Snowdy Employment Agreement is terminated without cause following a change
in control , of Dr. Snowdy and his dependents in the employee benefits plan in which Dr. Snowdy was participating. In the event
Dr. Snowdy s employment is terminated without cause , all of Dr. Snowdy s vested stock options and any other
vested equity awards will remain exercisable for their full term notwithstanding the termination of his employment. In the event Dr.
Snowdy s employment is terminated due to Dr. Snowdy s disability or death, all of Dr. Snowdy s unvested
stock options and other equity awards based on the Company s securities will immediately vest in full and all of Dr. Snowdy s
stock options and any other equity awards will remain exercisable for their full term notwithstanding the termination of his employment.
Dr. Snowdy may also terminate the Employment Agreement for good reason. 

61 

2023
Snowdy Employment Agreement 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Dr. Stephen Snowdy, effective as of January 1, 2023 (the
 2023 Snowdy Employment Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to continue to employ Dr. Snowdy as its Chief Executive
Officer through December 31, 2025, unless terminated sooner in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Snowdy Employment Agreement (the
 Snowdy Term ). In the event that Dr. Snowdy s employment has not been terminated and the Company has not offered to
extend or renew Dr. Snowdy s employment under the 2023 Snowdy Employment Agreement upon expiration of the Snowdy Term, in lieu
of any other severance benefits as provided in the 2023 Snowdy Employment Agreement, the Company shall continue to pay Dr. Snowdy his
salary commencing on the final date of the Snowdy Term and ending on (a) June 30, 2026, or (b) the date of Dr. Snowdy s re-employment
with another employer, whichever is earlier; provided that Dr. Snowdy shall have executed and delivered to the Company a General Release
of All Claims. Pursuant to the 2023 Snowdy Employment Agreement, Dr. Snowdy is entitled to receive an annual salary of 520,000, less
applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings. Dr. Snowdy also is eligible for an annual target performance based bonus (the Snowdy
Target Bonus ), equal to 50 of Dr. Snowdy s annual salary during the Snowdy Term, with such bonus dependent in part on the
Company s performance and the Compensation Committee s discretion in assessing Dr. Snowdy s individual performance
in relation to his objectives as determined by the Company s Board of Directors and the overall performance and status of the Company,
payable no later than February 28th of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Snowdy Target Bonus relates. 

The
2023 Snowdy Employment Agreement also entitles Dr. Snowdy to receive customary benefits and reimbursement for ordinary business expenses.
In the event Dr. Snowdy s employment is terminated without cause, due to disability or death, or due to good reason by Dr. Snowdy
(each term as defined in the 2023 Snowdy Employment Agreement), the Company has agreed to, among other things, (i) pay Dr. Snowdy or
his heirs or personal representatives, as applicable, a lump-sum severance amount equal to twelve months base annual salary and
an amount equal to the prorated portion of the Snowdy Target Bonus for the year in which the termination occurred based on the number
of days Dr. Snowdy was employed, or an amount equal to eighteen months annual salary and the full Snowdy Target Bonus amount if
such termination occurs within six months prior to or within twelve months following a change in control; and (ii) reimburse Dr. Snowdy
and his dependents all premiums associated with Dr. Snowdy s continuation of health insurance pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 COBRA ), subject to certain conditions. In the event Dr. Snowdy s employment is
terminated without cause or by Dr. Snowdy due to good reason, all of Dr. Snowdy s vested stock options and any other vested equity
awards will remain exercisable for their full term notwithstanding the termination of his employment. In the event Dr. Snowdy s
employment is terminated due to disability or death, all of Dr. Snowdy s unvested stock options and other equity awards based on
the Company s securities will immediately vest in full and all of Dr. Snowdy s stock options and any other equity awards
will remain exercisable for their full term notwithstanding the termination of his employment. 

Employment
Agreements with John Y. Caloz 

John
Y. Caloz is employed as our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Senior Vice-President pursuant to an employment agreement (the Caloz
Employment Agreement dated as of December 16, 2021 that expired on December 31, 2022. Mr. Caloz is paid an annual base salary
of 400,000 and is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by our Board (or our Compensation Committee) in its sole discretion,
but not to be less than 100,000. In the event we terminate Mr. Caloz s employment without cause (as defined in the Caloz Employment
Agreement), we have agreed to pay him a lump-sum equal to his accrued but unpaid salary and vacation, plus an amount equal to six months 
salary under his employment agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Caloz Employment Agreement, if the Company does not offer to renew or extend the Caloz Employment Agreement, and that Mr. Caloz s
employment had not theretofore been terminated, we will continue to pay him his annual salary thereunder during the period commencing
upon expiration of the Caloz Employment Agreement and ending on June 30, 2023. 

2023
Caloz Employment Agreement 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with John Y. Caloz, effective January 1, 2023 (the 2023
Caloz Employment Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to continue to employ Mr. Caloz as its Chief Financial Officer
and Senior Vice President through December 31, 2025, unless terminated sooner in accordance with the 2023 Caloz Employment Agreement
(the Caloz Term ). In the event that Mr. Caloz s employment has not been terminated and the Company has not offered
to extend or renew Mr. Caloz s employment under the 2023 Caloz Employment Agreement upon expiration of the Caloz Term, in lieu
of any other severance benefits as provided in the 2023 Caloz Employment Agreement, the Company shall continue to pay Mr. Caloz his salary
commencing on the final date of the Caloz Term and ending on (a) June 30, 2026, or (b) the date of Mr. Caloz s re-employment with
another employer, whichever is earlier; provided that Mr. Caloz shall have executed and delivered to the Company a General Release of
All Claims. Pursuant to the 2023 Caloz Employment Agreement, Mr. Caloz is entitled to receive an annual salary of 416,000, less applicable
payroll deductions and tax withholdings. Mr. Caloz also is eligible for an annual target performance-based bonus (the Caloz Target
Bonus ), equal to 40 of Mr. Caloz s annual salary during the Caloz Term, with such bonus dependent in part on the Company s
performance and the Compensation Committee s discretion in assessing Mr. Caloz s individual performance in relation to his
objectives as determined by the Board and the overall performance and status of the Company, payable no later than February 28th of the
calendar year following the calendar year in which the Caloz Target Bonus relates. 

62 

The
2023 Caloz Employment Agreement also entitles Mr. Caloz to receive customary benefits and reimbursement for ordinary business
expenses. In the event Mr. Caloz s employment is terminated without cause, due to disability or death, or due to good reason
by Mr. Caloz (each term as defined in the 2023 Caloz Employment Agreement), the Company has agreed to, among other things, (i) pay
Mr. Caloz or his heirs or personal representatives, as applicable, a lump-sum severance amount equal to twelve months base
annual salary and an amount equal to the prorated portion of the Caloz Target Bonus for the year in which the termination occurred
based on the number of days Mr. Caloz was employed, or an amount equal to eighteen months annual salary and the full Caloz
Target Bonus amount if such termination occurs within six months prior to or within twelve months following a change in control; and
(ii) reimburse Mr. Caloz and his dependents for all Medicare premiums and premiums associated with Mr. Caloz continuation of health
insurance pursuant to COBRA, subject to certain conditions. In the event Mr. Caloz s employment is terminated without cause or
by Mr. Caloz due to good reason, all of Mr. Caloz s vested stock options and any other vested equity awards will remain
exercisable for their full term notwithstanding the termination of his employment. In the event Mr. Caloz s employment is
terminated due to disability or death, all of Mr. Caloz s unvested stock options and other equity awards based on the
Company s securities will immediately vest in full and all of Mr. Caloz s stock options and any other equity awards will
remain exercisable for their full term notwithstanding the termination of his employment. 

Quantification
of Termination Payments and Benefits 

In
January 2022, in connection with the Kriegsman Separation Agreement, Mr. Kriegsman s executive employment agreement (the Kriegsman
Employment Agreement ), dated as of March 26, 2019 by, and between the Company and Mr. Kriegsman, was terminated; provided, however,
that certain surviving customary confidentiality provisions and milestone and royalty payments as defined in the Kriegsman Employment
Agreement remain in full force and effect. Pursuant to the Kriegsman Separation Agreement, Mr. Kriegsman received a lump sum cash payment
equal to approximately 6.0 million. This amount was accrued in the Company s financial results for the year ended December 31,
2021; however the payment was made in January 2022. In addition, Mr. Kriegsman was entitled to receive continuing health benefits and
life insurance premiums for 2022 and 2023 at an approximate cost of 43,000 per year. These future payments were also accrued in the
Company s financial results for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
use a combination of cash and stock-based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on our Board. Directors who
also are employees of our company currently receive no compensation for their service as directors or as members of board committees.
In setting director compensation, we consider the significant amount of time that directors dedicate to the fulfillment of their director
responsibilities, as well as the competency and skills required of members of our board. The directors annual compensation year
begins with the annual election of directors at the annual meeting of stockholders. Periodically, our Board reviews our director compensation
policies and, from time to time, makes changes to such policies based on various criteria the board deems relevant. For 2023, the Board
implemented an increase of 4 percent in their compensation. 

The
non-employee director who serves as Chair of the Board receives a quarterly retainer of 6,250. Our non-employee directors receive a
quarterly retainer of 6,000 (plus an additional 5,000 for the Chairmen of the Audit and Compensation Committees), a fee of 4,000 for
each Board meeting attended or 750 for Board actions taken by unanimous written consent) and 3,000 for each meeting of the Audit
Committee and 2,500 for each meeting of the Compensation Committee attended. Non-employee directors who serve as the chairman of a board
committee receive an additional 3,000 for each Audit Committee meeting they chair and an additional 4,500 for each Compensation Committee
meeting they chair and the non-employee director who serves as chairperson of the Board receives an additional 4,000 for each meeting
attended. These fees will increase by 4 percent commencing January 2023. 

63 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to our directors other than our Chief Executive Officer for 2022: 

Director
Compensation Table 

Name (1) 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) (2) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Louis Ignarro, Ph.D., Former Chairman
 of the Board 
 71,000 
 71,000 
 
 Cary Claiborne, Director 
 31,000 
 31,000 
 
 Joel Caldwell, Director 
 98,250 
 98,250 
 
 Jennifer Simpson, Ph.D., Chair of the Board
 (3) 
 69,416 
 69,416 

(1) 
 On
 January 3, 2022, Mr. Kriegsman stepped down as Chairman of the Board and Dr. Ignarro was appointed Chairman of the Board. On July
 27, 2022, Dr. Simpson replaced Dr. Ignarro as Chair of the Board following Dr. (Ignarro s resignation from the Board. Dr. Claiborne
 was appointed to the Board effective July 27, 2022. For information relating to Mr. Kriegsman s compensation as Chief Executive
 Officer, see the Summary Compensation Table above. Mr. Kriegsman resigned from his position as director on March 8, 2022. 

(2) 
 The
 amounts in this column represent cash payments made to Non-Employee Directors for annual retainer fees, committee and/or chairmanship
 fees and meeting fees during the year. 

(3) 
 On
 December 15, 2021, Dr. Simpson was granted SARs relating to the appreciation of 50,000 shares of common stock of the Company at an
 exercise price of 0.45, the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The SARs vested in full
 on December 15, 2022. 

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Based
solely upon information made available to us, the following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of
our common stock as of March [22], 2023 by (1) each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of our common
stock; (2) each of our directors; (3) the Named Executive Officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table under Item 11 who were serving
as Named Executive Officers as of March [22], 2023; and (4) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the SEC rules. Shares of common stock subject to any warrants or options that are presently exercisable,
or exercisable within 60 days of March [22], 2023 (which are indicated by footnote) are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of the person holding the warrants or options, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. The percentage ownership reflected in the table is based on 46,587,391 shares of our common
stock outstanding as of March [22], 2023. Except as otherwise indicated, the holders listed below have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all shares of common stock shown, subject to applicable community property laws. An asterisk represents beneficial ownership
of less than 1 . 

Name and
 Address of Beneficial Owner (5) 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (Common Stock) 
 Percent
 of Class (Common Stock) 
 
 Named
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Cary Claiborne 

Joel Caldwell 
 335,373 
 (1) 
 
 Jennifer Simpson, Ph.D. 
 25,000 

Stephen Snowdy, Ph.D. 
 
 0.0 
 
 John Y. Caloz 
 575,758 
 1.2
 (2) 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group
 (five persons) 
 5,194,932 
 2.0
 (3) 

5 
 Beneficial Owners 

Armistice Capital, LLC 
 4,624,309 
 9.9
 (4) 

(1) 
 Includes
 60,000 shares subject to options. 

(2) 
 Includes
 575,001 shares subject to options. 

(3) 
 Includes
 635,001 shares subject to options. 

(4) 
 Based
 on the Schedule 13(G/A) filed on February 14, 2023. 

(5) 
 The
 address of each of the below listed Named Executive Officers and directors is the Company s business address located at 11726
 San Vicente Blvd, Ste 650, Los Angeles, CA 90049. 

64 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
information required is incorporated herein by reference to Item 5 of this Annual Report relating to our Equity Compensation Plans as
set forth on page 38. 

Item
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Director
Independence 

Although
the Company is no longer listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market, our Board has determined that Dr. Simpson, Mr. Caldwell and Mr. Claiborne
are independent under the current independence standards of both The NASDAQ Capital Market and the SEC, and have no material
relationships with us (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of any entity) that are inconsistent with a finding of
their independence as members of our Board. Our Board has determined that Mr. Claiborne and Mr. Caldwell also are independent 
for purposes of service as the members of our Audit Committee. In making these determinations, our Board has broadly considered all relevant
facts and circumstances, recognizing that material relationships can include commercial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, and
familial relationships, among others. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Our
Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving, as appropriate, all transactions with related persons, in accordance with
its Charter. 

Transactions
between us and one or more related persons may present risks or conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest. Our
Code of Ethics requires all employees, officers and directors to avoid activities or relationships that conflict, or may be perceived
to conflict, with our interests or adversely affect our reputation. It is understood, however, that certain relationships or transactions
may arise that would be deemed acceptable and appropriate so long as there is full disclosure of the interest of the related parties
in the transaction and review and approval by disinterested directors to ensure there is a legitimate business reason for the transaction
and that the transaction is fair to us and our stockholders. 

As
a result, the procedures followed by the Audit Committee to evaluate transactions with related persons require: 

that
 all related person transactions, all material terms of the transactions, and all the material facts as to the related person s
 direct or indirect interest in, or relationship to, the related person transaction must be communicated to the Audit Committee; and 

that
 all related person transactions, and any material amendment or modification to any related person transaction, be reviewed and approved
 or ratified by the Audit Committee, as required by OTC Market Rules. 

65 

Our
Audit Committee will evaluate related person transactions based on: 

information
 provided by members of our Board in connection with the required annual evaluation of director independence; 

pertinent
 responses to the Directors and Officers Questionnaires submitted periodically by our officers and directors and provided
 to the Audit Committee by our management; and 

any
 other relevant information provided by any of our directors or officers. 

In
 connection with its review and approval or ratification, if appropriate, of any related person transaction, our Audit Committee is
 to consider whether the transaction will compromise standards included in our Code of Ethics. In the case of any related person transaction
 involving an outside director or nominee for director, the Audit Committee also is to consider whether the transaction will compromise
 the director s status as an independent director as prescribed in the OTC Market Rules. 

In
connection with Mr. Kriegsman s resignation as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Company and Mr. Kriegsman entered
into the Kriegsman Separation Agreement, which was approved by the Board in December 2021. Mr. Kriegsman received a settlement payment
of 6 million pursuant to the Kriegsman Separation Agreement. The settlement payment was remitted to the payroll service in December
2021 and paid to Mr. Kriegsman on January 3, 2022. 

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

Weinberg
 Company Weinberg ), served as our independent registered public accounting firm and audited our consolidated financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 from Weinberg for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual
consolidated financial statements and reviews of our unaudited consolidated financial statements were approximately 125,000. The fees
for the year ended December 31, 2021 from Weinberg for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated
financial statements and reviews of our unaudited consolidated financial statements and registration statements on Form S-3 were approximately
 130,000. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

None. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by Weinberg for professional services for tax compliance were approximately 26,000 for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

All
Other Fees 

No
other services were rendered by Weinberg in either year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

It
is the policy of our Audit Committee that all services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, including
audit services and permitted audit-related and non-audit services, must be pre-approved by our Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee pre-approved
all services, audit and non-audit, provided to us by Weinberg for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

66 

PART
IV 

Item
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

Our
consolidated financial statements and the related report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon are set forth on
pages F-1 to F-26 of this Annual Report. These consolidated financial statements are as follows: 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Reports
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules are omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the information is provided in the consolidated financial statements
or notes thereto. 

(3)
Exhibits 

See
Exhibit Index to this Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

67 

CytRx
Corporation 

 Form
10-K Exhibit Index 

Incorporated
 By Reference to 
 
 Filed
 / 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 6, 2008, among CytRx Corporation, CytRx Merger Subsidiary, Inc., Innovive Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Steven Kelly 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 6/9/2008 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CytRx Corporation, as amended 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/13/2012 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/15/2012 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/1/2017 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/16/2022 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 12/19/2019 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 12/19/2019 

3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/17/2020 

3.8 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of CytRx Corporation, effective November 12, 2020 and Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of dated May 19, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 5/19/2022 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of the Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series C 10.00 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/15/2021 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/16/2022 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 5/19/2022 

3.12 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/19/2022 

68 

Incorporated
 By Reference to 
 
 Filed
 / 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 

3.13 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/23/2022 

4.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2020, by and between CytRx Corporation and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/17/2020 

4.3 
 
 Form of Preferred Investment Option 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 7/15/2021 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K

4.4 
 
 3/23/2022

10.1+ 
 
 CytRx Corporation Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 3/13/2012 

10.1.2+ 
 
 Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated CytRx Corporation 2008 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 14A
 (proxy) 
 
 Annex
 B 
 
 5/20/2016 

10.1.3+ 
 
 Form of Non-qualified Stock Option for grants to non-employee directors under Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.11 
 
 3/11/2016 

10.1.4+ 
 
 Form of Non-qualified Stock Option for grants to executive officers under Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.12 
 
 3/11/2016 

10.1.5+ 
 
 Form of Non-qualified Stock Option for grants to Steven A. Kriegsman and Daniel J. Levitt, M.D., Ph.D., under Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.13 
 
 3/11/2016 

10.1.6+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Option Agreements of Daniel J. Levitt, M.D., Ph.D., dated December 31, 2015. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 3/11/2016 

10.1.7+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Option Agreements (2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan) of Steven A. Kriegsman, dated March 8, 2016. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.15 
 
 3/11/2016 

69 

Incorporated
 By Reference to 
 
 Filed
 / 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 

Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 10.1.8+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Option Agreements (2008 Stock Incentive Plan) of Steven A. Kriegsman, dated March 8, 2016 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.16 
 
 3/11/2016 

10.2 
 
 License Agreement, dated December 7, 2001, by and between CytRx Corporation and Vical Incorporated 
 
 8-K 
 
 99 
 
 12/21/2001 

10.3 
 
 Office Lease between The Kriegsman Capital Group, LLC and Douglas Emmett Joint Venture, dated April 13, 2000 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.63 
 
 5/14/2004 

10.3.1 
 
 Assignment, Assumption and Consent, effective July 1, 2003, by and among CytRx Corporation, The Kriegsman Capital Group, LLC and Douglas Emmett Joint Venture, concerning Office Lease dated April 13, 2000 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.64 
 
 5/14/2004 

10.3.2 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Office Lease dated January 13, 2020 by and between CytRx Corporation and Douglas Emmett 1993, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.3.2 
 
 3/24/2021 

10.4 
 
 License Agreement dated April 17, 2006 between Innovive Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and KTB Tumorforschungs GmbH 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.15 
 
 11/14/2006 

10.4.1 
 
 Amendment dated March 14, 2014 to License Agreement between CytRx Corporation and KTB Tumorforschungs GmbH 
 
 8-K 
 
 1.1 
 
 3/17/2014 

10.5 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated May 13, 2011 between CytRx Corporation and Orphazyme ApS 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/17/2011 

10.6 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2017, by and between CytRx Corporation and NantCell, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/1/2017 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 26, 2019, by and between CytRx Corporation and Steven A. Kriegsman 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.18 
 
 3/29/2019 

70 

Incorporated
 By Reference to 
 
 Filed
 / 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 

10.7.1 
 
 First Amendment, dated December 19, 2019, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 26, 2019, by and between CytRx Corporation and Steven A. Kriegsman 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/19/2019 

10.8+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between CytRx Corporation and John Y. Caloz 
 
 10-K

10.8

3/23/2022

10.9 
 
 CytRx Corporation 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/15/2019 

10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021, by and between the Company and the purchaser thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/15/2021 

10.11 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021, by and between the Company and the purchaser thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/15/2021 

10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Cooperation Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, by and between CytRx Corporation and Jerald A. Hammann 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/9/2021 

10.13+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, by and between CytRx Corporation and Dr. Stephen Snowdy 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/4/2022 

10.14+ 
 
 General Release and Separation Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, by and between CytRx Corporation and Steven A. Kriegsman. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/4/2022 

10.15+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 30, 2022, by and between LadRx Corporation and Dr. Stephen Snowdy. 

10.16+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 30, 2022, by and between LadRx Corporation and John Y. Caloz 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Weinberg Company 

71 

Incorporated
 By Reference to 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Filed
 / Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) 

Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

Confidential
 treatment has been requested or granted for certain portions which have been blanked out in the copy of the exhibit filed with the
 SEC. The omitted information has been filed separately with the SEC. 

Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

72 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LADRX
 CORPORATION 

Date:
 March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 STEPHEN SNOWDY 

Dr.
 Stephen Snowdy 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 JOHN Y. CALOZ 

John
 Y. Caloz 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 STEPHEN SNOWDY 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Stephen
 Snowdy, Ph.D. 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 JOHN Y. CALOZ 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 John
 Y. Caloz 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 CARY CLAIBORNE 
 
 Director 

March
 20, 2023 
 
 Cary
 Claiborne, Ph.D. 

/s/
 JENNIFER SIMPSON 
 
 Chair
 of the Board 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Jennifer
 Simpson, Ph.D. 

/s/
 JOEL CALDWELL 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Joel
 Caldwell 

73 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

LadRx
 Corporation 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-
 2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-
 3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-
 4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-
 5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-
 6 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-
 7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

 LadRx
Corporation 

 Los
Angeles, California 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of LadRx Corporation (the Company and subsidiary as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows
for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company and its subsidiary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has no recurring source of revenue, has incurred recurring operating
losses and negative operating cash flows since inception and has an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022. These matters raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also
described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

/s/

March
20, 2023 

F- 2 

LADRX
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Insurance claim receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Equipment and furnishings,
 net 

Other assets 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities 

Current
 portion of operating lease obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Preferred Stock, Series
 C Convertible, par value, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred Stock, 
 par value, shares authorized, including shares of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock; shares issued
 and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par
 value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

LADRX
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Licensing
 revenue 

Expenses: 

General and
 administrative 

Settlement with former
 Chief Executive Officer 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Liquidated damages expense 

Forgiveness of accounts
 payable 

Interest income 

Other
 income (expense), net 

Net Loss 

Dividends paid on preferred
 shares 

Net loss attributable
 to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted loss
 per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares
 outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LADRX
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Series
 B Preferred Shares Issued 
 Shares
 of Common Stock Issued 
 Preferred
 Stock Amount 
 Common
 Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 

Issuance of common stock and preferred investment
 options 

Exercise of stock options 

Preferred dividend 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of
 preferred shares 

Exercise of stock options 

Preferred dividend 

Issuance of restricted stock from compensation
 and services 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LADRX
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 

2021 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss from operations 

() 

() 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Insurance
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

() 
 
 Reduction
 of right of-use assets 

Accounts
 payable 

) 

Other
 assets 

Decrease
 in lease liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

) 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchases
 of equipment and furnishings 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Net
 proceeds from Security Purchase Agreement 

Preferred
 stock dividend 

() 

) 

Proceeds
 from the exercise of stock options 

Net
 cash (used in provided by financing activities 

) 

Net
 decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental
 disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Insurance
 claims to offset accounts payable 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LADRX
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

service
charge. On December 21, 2018, LadRx announced that Centurion had concluded the pre-clinical phase of development for its four LADR 
drug candidates, and for its albumin companion diagnostic (ACDx ). As a result of completing this work, operations taking place
at the pre-clinical laboratory in Freiburg, Germany were no longer needed and, accordingly, the lab was closed at the end of January
2019. 

On
March 9, 2022, Centurion merged with and into LadRx, with LadRx absorbing all of Centurion s assets and continuing after the merger
as the surviving entity (the Merger ). The Merger was implemented through an agreement and plan of merger pursuant to Section
253 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and did not require approval from either our or Centurion s stockholders.
The Certificate of Ownership merging Centurion into LadRx was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 9, 2022. 

Effective
September 26, 2022, the Company changed its name from CytRx Corporation to LadRx Corporation pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment to
our Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware. In accordance with the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the DGCL ), its board of directors approved the name change and the Certificate of Amendment. Pursuant
to Section 242(b)(1) of the DGCL, stockholder approval was not required for the name change or the Certificate of Amendment. 

We
are a Delaware corporation, incorporated in 1985. Our corporate offices are located at 11726 San Vicente Boulevard, Suite 650, Los Angeles,
California 90049, and our telephone number is (310) 826-5648. Our web site is located at http://www.ladrxcorp.com. We do not incorporate
by reference into this Annual Report the information on, or accessible through, our website, and you should not consider it as part of
this Annual Report. 

LADR
Drug Discovery Platform and Centurion 

The
LADR Technology Offers the Opportunity for multiple pipeline drugs. The Company s LADR (Linker Activated Drug Release) technology
platform consists of an organic backbone that is attached to a chemotoxic agent. The purpose of the LADR backbone is to first
target and deliver the chemotoxic agent to the tumor environment, and then to release the chemotoxic agent within the tumor. By delivering,
concentrating, and releasing the chemotoxic agent within the tumor, one expects to reduce the off-target side-effects of the chemotherapeutic,
which in turn allows for several-fold higher dosing of the chemotherapeutic to the patient. Being small organic molecules, the Company
expects LADR-based drugs to offer the benefits of targeting the tumor without the complexity, side effects, and expense inherent in macromolecules
such as antibodies and nanoparticles. 

The
Company s LADR-based drugs use circulating albumin as the binding target and as the trojan horse to deliver the LADR drugs
to the tumor. Albumin is the most abundant protein in plasma and accumulates inside tumors due to the aberrant vascular structure that
exists within solid tumors. Tumors use albumin as a nutritional source and for transport of signaling and other molecules that are important
to the maintenance and growth of the tumor, which makes albumin an excellent target for drugs that are intended for solid tumors. 

The
Company s LADR development efforts are focused on two classes of ultra-high potency albumin-binding drugs. These LADR-based
drugs, LADR7, 8, 9, and 10, combine the proprietary LADR backbone with novel derivatives of the auristatin and maytansinoid drug
classes. Auristatin and maytansinoid are highly potent chemotoxins, and require targeting to the tumor for safe administration to humans,
as is the case for the FDA-approved drugs Adcetris (auristatin antibody-drug-conjugate by Seagen) and Kadcyla (maytansine antibody-drug-conjugate
by Genentech). We believe that LADR-based drugs offer the benefits of tumor targeting without the disadvantages of antibodies and other
macromolecules, which include expense, complexity, and negative side effects. Additionally, albumin is a very well-characterized drug
target, which we believe will reduce clinical and regulatory costs and risks. 

The
Company s postulated mechanism of action for LADR-based drugs is as follows: 

after
 administration, the linker portion of the drug conjugate forms a rapid and specific covalent bond to the cysteine-34 position of
 circulating albumin; 

circulating
 albumin preferentially accumulates in tumors due to a mechanism called Enhanced Permeability and Retention , which results
 in lower exposure to the drug in noncancerous tissues of the heart, liver, and other organs; 

once
 localized at the tumor, the acid-sensitive linker of the LADR backbone is cleaved due to the specific conditions within the
 tumor and in the tumor microenvironment; and 

free
 active drug is then released within the tumor, causing tumor cell death. 

The
first-generation LADR-based drug is called aldoxorubicin. Aldoxorubicin is the drug doxorubicin attached to the first generation LADR 
backbone (LADRs 7-10 employ a next generation LADR backbone). Aldoxorubicin has been administered to over 600 human subjects in
human clinical trials and has proven the concept of LADR in that several-fold more doxorubicin can be safely administered to patients
when the doxorubicin is attached to LADR than when administered as native doxorubicin. Aldoxorubicin has been licensed to ImmunityBio,
and is currently in a Phase II registrational intent trial for pancreatic cancer. Aldoxorubicin is expected to enter a Phase I/II trial
for glioblastoma in 2022 or 2023. 

The
next generation LADR drugs are termed LADR7, 8, 9, and 10. A great deal of Investigational New Drug IND enabling
work has already been accomplished on LADR7-10, including in-silico modeling, in-vitro efficacy testing in several different cancer models,
in-vivo dosing, safety, and efficacy testing in several different cancer models in animals. We have also developed and proven manufacturability,
an important step prior to beginning human clinical trials. 

The
IND-enabling work that remains prior to applying to the FDA for first-in-human studies for LADR7-10 is limited due to the extensive experimentation
already completed. For example, in the case of LADR7, a manufacturing run under Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) must be completed
and some toxicology studies completed using the GMP material must be completed in animals. Toxicology studies with LADR7 have already
been completed with non-GMP manufactured drug. Management estimates that these final IND-enabling activities for LADR7 would take approximately
12 months to complete, once funded and initiated, and that first-in-human dosing would be achieved within approximately 6-9 months after
completion of the IND-enabling studies. Management further estimates that the cost to manufacture GMP material for one LADR drug,
for example LADR7, complete all pre-IND studies, and to obtain an IND could be approximately 2M in direct costs, based on current estimates,
representing a capital-efficient path to clinical entry. 

Because
the LADR backbone in future products would be the same as the LADR backbone in current product candidates, (i.e. the chemotoxin
can be changed without changing the LADR backbone), management anticipates that future product candidates beyond LADR7-10 may
enjoy abbreviated pre-clinical pathways to first-in-human. Such abbreviated pathways would be subject to FDA review and agreement. 

The
Company s novel companion diagnostic, ACDx (albumin companion diagnostic) was developed to identify patients with cancer
who are most likely to benefit from treatment with the four LADR lead assets. We have not yet determined whether the use of a
companion diagnostic will be necessary or helpful, and plan to continue to investigate this question in parallel to the pre-clinical
and clinical development of LADRs 7-10. 

The
LADR backbone and drugs that employ LADR are protected by domestic and international patents, and additional patents are
pending. 

Business
Strategy for LADR Platform 

Throughout
2022, with the assistance of oncology drug development experts, the Company has inventoried the IND-enabling data for LADRs 7-10, developed
a strategy to complete the IND-enabling studies necessary for at least one LADR drug, and worked with vendors on establishing
approximate time lines and costs to reach first-in-human dosing, inclusive of manufacturing, and completion of pre-IND studies and FDA
filings, With this important groundwork completed, we believe that management is well situated to rapidly advance our next-generation
LADR assets as soon as funding or partnering is achieved, and is working diligently to obtain funding and/or partnering of the
LADR assets. Management will continue to explore in parallel both partnered and non-partnered funding and development strategies
for LADR with a goal of obtaining the least costly capital possible to enable value inflection milestones. 

Partnering
of Aldoxorubicin 

On
July 27, 2017, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide license with ImmunityBio, Inc. (formerly known as NantCell, Inc. ImmunityBio )),
granting to ImmunityBio the exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize aldoxorubicin in all indications, and the Company
is no longer directly working on the development of aldoxorubicin. As part of the license agreement, ImmunityBio made a strategic investment
of million in LadRx common stock at per share (adjusted to reflect our 2017 reverse stock split), a premium of to the market
price on that date. In connection therewith, the Company also issued ImmunityBio a warrant to purchase up to shares of common
stock at , which expired on . The Company is entitled to receive up to an aggregate of million in potential
milestone payments, contingent upon achievement of certain regulatory approvals and commercial milestones. The Company is also entitled
to receive ascending double-digit royalties for net sales for soft tissue sarcomas and mid to high single digit royalties for other indications.
There can be no assurance that ImmunityBio will achieve such milestones, approvals or sales with respect to aldoxorubicin. 

ImmunityBio
is conducting an open-label, randomized, Phase 2 study of a combination of immunotherapy, aldoxorubicin and standard-of-care chemotherapy
versus standard-of-care chemotherapy alone for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer in patients who have
had 1 or 2 lines of treatment (Cohorts A and B) or 3 or greater lines of treatment (Cohort C). 

In
January 2023, ImmunityBio announced positive results in its non-randomized fully-enrolled metastatic pancreatic cancer study in
third-line or greater subjects (QUILT 88) showing that the overall survival rate for patients continues to be double compared to
historical survival rates after two or more prior lines of therapy. The results were presented at the American Society of Clinical
Oncology Gastrointestinal (ASCO GI) conference in San Francisco January 19-21, 2023. The median OS in this highly advanced group of
patients, up to seven lines (N=83) of treatment, was 5.8 months (95 CI: 4.9, 6.4 months), exceeding the approximately 2- to 3-month
historical median OS. In the third-line setting (N=41), the median OS in this group was 6.3 months (95 CI: 5.0, 7.2 months), more
than doubling the historical OS. The baseline median CA 19-9 level (a marker of metastatic pancreatic disease) of the enrolled
subjects (N=83) was very high at 4120 IU/ml, a significant increase from normal levels of 40 IU/ml. In subjects with CA 19-9 levels
less than 4120 IU/ml (N=40), the median OS was 6.9 months (95 CI: 5.7,10.9). 

In
December 2022, Immunity Bio held a Type B meeting with the FDA to discuss the path for approval of this combination therapy for pancreatic
cancer. The FDA advised ImmunityBio to conduct a randomized trial. This Phase 2, randomized, three-cohort, open-label study plans to
evaluate the comparative efficacy and overall safety of standard-of-care chemotherapy versus low-dose chemotherapy in combination with
PD-L1 t-haNK, Anktiva (N-803), and aldoxorubicin in subjects with locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer (NCT04390399). Each
treatment setting, as well as each first- and second-line or later maintenance treatment, will be evaluated independently as Cohorts
A, B, and C, respectively, with Cohorts A and B having independent experimental and control arms. The primary objective of Cohorts A
and B is progression-free survival (PFS) per RECIST V1.1, and the objective of Cohort C is overall survival (OS). Secondary objectives
include initial safety and additional efficacy measures, including overall response rate (ORR), complete response (CR) rate, durability
of response (DoR), disease control rate (DCR), and overall survival (OS) 

Aldoxorubicin
has received Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for the treatment of soft tissue
sarcoma STS ). ODD provides several benefits including seven years of market exclusivity after approval, certain R D
related tax credits, and protocol assistance by the FDA. European regulators granted aldoxorubicin Orphan designation for STS which confers
ten years of market exclusivity among other benefits. 

ImmunityBio
also lists ongoing clinical studies in glioblastoma; it is currently reviewing its options in STS. 

Molecular
Chaperone Assets (Orphayzme) 

In
2011, LadRx sold the rights to arimoclomol and iroxanadine, based on molecular chaperone regulation technology, to Orphazyme A/S Orphazyme ,
formerly Orphazyme ApS) in exchange for a one-time, upfront payment and the right to receive up to a total of million in milestone
payments upon the achievement of certain pre-specified regulatory and business milestones, as well as royalty payments based on a specified
percentage of any net sales of products derived from arimoclomol (the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement ). Orphazyme transferred
its rights and obligations under the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement to KemPharm Denmark A/S KemPharm ), a wholly owned subsidiary
of KemPharm Inc., in May 2022. 

In
May 2021, Orphazyme announced that the pivotal phase 3 clinical trial for arimoclomol in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis did not meet its
primary and secondary endpoints, reducing the maximum amount that LadRx currently has the right to receive under the 2011 Arimoclomol
Agreement to approximately million. Orphazyme also tested arimoclomol in Niemann-Pick disease Type C NPC and Gaucher
disease, and following a Phase II/III trial submitted to the FDA a New Drug Application for the treatment of NPC with arimoclomol. On
June 18, 2021, Orphazyme announced it had received a complete response letter (the Complete Response Letter from the FDA
indicating the need for additional data. In late October 2021, Orphazyme announced it held a Type A meeting with the FDA, at which the
FDA recommended that Orphazyme submit additional data, information and analyses to address certain topics in the Complete Response Letter
and engage in further interactions with the FDA to identify a pathway to resubmission. The FDA concurred with Orphazyme s proposal
to remove the cognition domain from the NPC Clinical Severity Scale NPCCSS endpoint, with the result that the primary
endpoint is permitted to be recalculated using the 4- domain NPCCSS, subject to the submission of additional requested information which
Orphazyme had publicly indicated that it intended to provide. To bolster the confirmatory evidence already submitted, the FDA affirmed
that it would require additional in vivo or pharmacodynamic (PD)/pharmacokinetic (PK) data. Orphazyme planned to request a Type C Meeting
with the FDA in the second quarter of 2022. Subject to discussions with the regulatory body, Orphazyme had publicly indicated that it
planned to resubmit the NDA for arimoclomol in the second half of 2022. 

Orphazyme
had also submitted a Marketing Authorization Application MAA with the European Medicines Agency (the EMA ).
In February 2022, Orphazyme announced that although they had received positive feedback from the Committee for Medicinal Products for
Human Use CHMP of the EMA, they were notified by the CHMP of a negative trend vote on the MAA for arimoclomol for NPC
following an oral explanation. In March 2022 Orphazyme removed its application with the EMA. Orphazyme has publicly indicated that it
will assess its strategic options and provide an update to the market at the applicable time. 

On
May 31, 2022, Orphazyme announced that it had completed the sale of substantially all of its assets and business activities for cash
consideration of million and assumption of liabilities estimated to equal approximately million to KemPharm, a specialty biopharmaceutical
company focused on the discovery and development of novel treatments for rare central nervous system CNS diseases. As
part of the KemPharm Transaction, all of Orphazyme s obligations to LadRx under the 2011 Arimoclomol Agreement, including with
regard to milestone payments and royalties on sales, were assumed by KemPharm. KemPharm is expected to continue the early access programs
with arimoclomol, and to continue to pursue the potential approval of arimoclomol as a treatment option for NPC. KemPharm indicated it
plans on resubmitting the NDA for arimoclomol in the first quarter of 2023. In February, 2023, KemPharm published positive data based on the recent completion of their four-year open-label
safety trial that indicated arimoclomol may reduce the long-term progression of NPC. They plan on including these data as part of the
updated NDA resubmission. It is also identifying a regulatory path forward with the
EMA. KemPharm has recently re-branded to Zevra Therapeutics, Inc. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis that it will continue as a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 
million, utilized cash in operations of 
million, and the Company had a stockholders deficit of 
million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has no recurring revenue. As a result, management has concluded that there
is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In order to fund our business
and operations, we have relied primarily upon sales of our equity securities, including proceeds from the exercise of stock options and
common stock purchase warrants and long-term loan financing. We also have received limited funding from our strategic partners and licensees.
We will ultimately be required to obtain additional funding in order to execute our long-term business plans, although we do not currently
have commitments from any third parties to provide us with long term debt or capital. We cannot assure that additional funding will be
available on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to obtain additional funding when needed, we may not be able to execute our business
plans and our business may suffer, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. We have approximately million of contractual obligations in 2023 and expect to pay these out of the Company s balance
sheet cash. We have a total of approximately million of material contractual obligations beyond 2023. 

If ImmunityBio obtains marketing
approval and successfully commercializes aldoxorubicin, we anticipate it will take two years, and possibly longer, for us to generate
significant recurring revenue, and we will be dependent on future financing until such time, if ever, as we can generate significant recurring
revenue. There are also no certainties that KemPharm will be successful in obtaining FDA and EMA approval for arimoclomol or choose to
commercialize arimoclomol. We have no commitments from third parties to provide us with any additional financing, and we may not be able
to obtain future financing on favorable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain adequate financing would adversely affect our ability to operate
as a going concern. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to stockholders may result and new investors could
have rights superior to some or all of our existing equity holders. In addition, debt financing, if available, may include restrictive
covenants. If adequate funds are not available to us, we may have to liquidate some or all of our assets or to delay or reduce the scope
of or eliminate some portion or all of our development programs or clinical trials. 

Current
Business Strategy 

Currently,
the Company is working on identifying partnership or financing opportunities for LADR ultra-high potency drug conjugates and their
albumin companion diagnostic. We have concluded all research and development on LADR and its companion diagnostic and continue to focus
on identifying these partnership or financing opportunities. 

of insurance recoveries that were collected in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts recoverable from its insurance
company carriers under the terms of its policies. 

Warrants to acquire common stock 

Convertible preferred stock 

Preferred investment option 

Shares excluded from
 computation of diluted loss per share 

Potentially
dilutive stock options, warrants and securities from the table above were excluded from the computation of diluted net income (loss)
per share, because the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Euros in US 

Cash Balance 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Equipment and furnishings, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, fully depreciated equipment and furnishings of were written off. 

Liquidated damages see Note 7 

Payable to former CEO 

Wages, bonuses and employee benefits 

Royalties and milestones 

Other 

Total 

square feet of office and storage space.
This lease is effective March 1, 2020 and extends through , with a right to extend the term for an additional five -year
period, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the lease agreement. The monthly rent is 14,340, subject to annual increases
of percent. In February 2020, the Company renewed its additional storage space lease, which requires us to make monthly payments
of , subject to a percent annual increase. The Company recorded a right of use asset and lease liability obligation of 
upon inception of these leases. The Company also reclassified a previously existing right-of-use asset of from other assets to
right-of-use asset. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the balance of right-of-use assets was approximately , and the balance of total lease liabilities was approximately
 229,600 . 

Jan 2024 Dec 2024 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: present value adjustment 

Operating lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 

Less: current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Other information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) 

Average discount rate 

million and net proceeds of approximately million. The
transaction closed on July 16, 2021. Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company sold and issued (i) million shares of its common stock
at a purchase price of per share for total gross proceeds of approximately million in a registered direct offering (the Registered
Direct Offering and (ii) shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock at a
purchase price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million, in a concurrent private placement (the
 Private Placement and, together with the Registered Direct Offering, the July 2021 Offerings ). The shares
of the Preferred Stock are convertible, upon shareholder approval as described below, into an aggregate of up to shares of
common stock at a conversion price of per share. Holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall
pay, cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated value per share) of per annum, payable quarterly
on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, beginning on the first such date after the date of issuance. . LadRx also issued to the Investor an unregistered preferred investment option
(the Preferred Investment Option that allows for the purchase of up to shares of common stock for additional
gross proceeds of approximately million if the Preferred Investment Option is exercised in full. The exercise price for the Preferred
Investment Option is per share. The Preferred Investment Option has a term equal to five and one-half years commencing upon the
Company increasing its authorized common stock following shareholder approval. 

The
Company accounted for these transactions as a single transaction for accounting purposes and allocated total proceeds to the respective
instruments based upon the relative fair value of each instrument. The Company determined that the relative fair value of (i) the 
shares of the common stock issued was , (ii) the relative fair value of the shares of Preferred Stock was , and
(iii) the relative fair value of the Preferred Investment Option was based upon a Black Scholes valuation model. As such,
the Company recorded as Additional Paid in Capital the fair value of the common stock and Preferred Investment Option of ,
and the fair value of the Series C Preferred Stock was which has been reflected as mezzanine (temporary equity) due to certain
clauses of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

On
October 1, 2021, the Company paid a quarterly dividend to the Investor in the amount of . In 2022, the Company paid the following
dividends: on January 1, 2022, , on April 1, 2022, , on July 1, 2022, and on October 1, 2022, for a total
of . 

On
March 15, 2022, at a special meeting of its stockholders which was originally opened and subsequently adjourned on September 23, 2021,
the Company s stockholders, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the Company s outstanding shares of capital stock,
approved the amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect an increase in the number of shares of
authorized common stock, par value per share, from shares to shares, and to make a corresponding change
to the number of authorized shares of capital stock in order to comply with the Company s contractual obligations under the Purchase
Agreement. 

On
March 28, 2022, the Investor converted shares of the Series C Preferred Stock in accordance with the initial terms of the agreement
and received common shares. On May 15, 2022, the Investor converted a further shares of the Series C Preferred Stock
and received common shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding, convertible
into shares of common stock. 

Terms
of Series C Preferred Stock 

Under
the Certificate of the Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate
of Designations ), each share of Series C Preferred Stock will be convertible, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below), at either the holder s option or at the Company s option (a Company Initiated Conversion at any time following stockholder approval having been obtained to amend our restated certificate of incorporation to increase the number
of authorized shares of common stock above (the Stockholder Approval ), into common stock at a conversion rate
equal to the quotient of (i) the Series C Stated Value of (the Series C Stated Value plus, in the
case of a Company Initiated Conversion, all accrued and accumulated and unpaid dividends on such share of Series C Preferred Stock, divided
by (ii) the initial conversion price of , subject to specified adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications
or other similar events as set forth in the Certificate of Designations. 

Each
holder of shares of Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends, commencing from the date of issuance of the Preferred Stock. Such
dividends may be paid only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ),
out of assets legally available therefore, quarterly in arrears on the first day of January, April, July and October in each year, commencing
on the date of issuance, at the dividend rate of per year. Such dividends are cumulative and continue to accrue on a daily basis
whether or not declared and whether or not we have assets legally available therefore. 

Under
the Certificate of Designations, each share of Series C Preferred Stock carries a liquidation preference equal to the Series C Stated
Value plus accrued and unpaid and accumulated dividends thereon. Such liquidation preference is payable upon certain change in control
transactions and accordingly, this instrument is classified as mezzanine (temporary equity). 

The
holders of the Series C Preferred Stock may vote their shares of Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis, subject to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (which Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be calculated on a basis which includes the number of shares of common
stock which are issuable upon conversion of the unconverted Series C Stated Value beneficially owned by a holder or any of its affiliates
or attribution parties on all matters submitted to the holders of common stock for approval). The Company may not take the following
actions without the prior consent of the holders of at least a majority of the Preferred Stock then outstanding: (a) alter or change
adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Certificate of Designations, (b) authorize
or create any class of stock ranking as to dividends, redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation (as defined in the Certificate
of Designations) senior to, or otherwise pari passu with, the Preferred Stock, (c) amend its Certificate of Incorporation
or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock, (d) increase the number
of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, or (e) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Terms
of Preferred Investment Option 

The
Preferred Investment Option to purchase up to 
 shares of common stock is exercisable at a price
of 
 per share. The Preferred Investment Option have
a term of five and one-half years from the Authorized Share Increase Date. .
The Preferred Investment Option provides for a Black-Scholes payout upon certain fundamental change transactions relating to the Company,
as specified therein. If the fundamental change transaction is within the control of the Company, the payout will be in cash. Otherwise,
the payout will be in the same form of consideration received by the common stockholders as a result of this transaction. 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

In
connection with the July 2021 Offerings, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021 (the Registration
Rights Agreement ), with the investor named therein, pursuant to which the Company will undertake to file, within five calendar
days of the date of the filing of the proxy statement seeking the Stockholder Approval, a resale registration statement to register the
shares of common stock issuable upon: (i) the conversion of the Preferred Stock sold in the Private Placement and (ii) the exercise of
the Preferred Investment Option (the Registrable Securities and to cause such registration statement to
be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than 75 days
following the pricing date of this offering, or no later than 105 days following such date in the event of a full review 
by the SEC, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such registration statement continuously effective under the Securities
Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement have been sold or are otherwise able to be
sold pursuant to Rule 144. The Registration Rights Agreement provided for liquidated damages to the extent that the Company does not
file or maintain a registration statement in accordance with the terms thereof. The registration rights agreement entered into between
us and the Investor on July 13, 2021, contains a triggering event which would require us to pay to any holder of the Preferred Stock
an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, on a monthly basis equal to the product of multiplied by
the aggregate subscription amount paid by such holder for shares of Preferred Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement; provided, however,
that such partial liquidated damages shall not exceed of the aggregate subscription amounts paid by such holders pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement, or . If we fail to pay any partial liquidated damages within seven days after the date payable, we will
be required to pay interest on any such amounts at a rate equal to the lesser of per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable
law. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not have enough authorized shares to issue the issuable shares under the Preferred
Stock and Preferred Investment Option. The Company attempted, but was unsuccessful, to obtain stockholders approval for the increase
in authorized shares, and accordingly, the Company was unable to meet its registration rights obligation as of December 31, 2021. As
such, the Company recognized an aggregate of approximately million in liquidated damages during the year ended December 31, 2021,
of which includes a provision of as an accrual for estimated damages until stockholders approval is achieved and the
Registration Statement is filed. On March 15, 2022, the Company received its stockholders approval to increase its authorized
shares and filed a certificate of amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares from 
shares to shares on the same date. The Company filed its registration statement registering the shares underlying the Registrable
Securities on March 23, 2022 and has provided for liquidated damages through that date. As of December 31, 2022, all liquidated damages
had been paid and we no longer have any liabilities related to the Registration Rights Agreement. 

per share Series
D Preferred Stock ), for each outstanding share of Company s Common Stock to stockholders of record at 5:00 p.m. Eastern
Time on May 20, 2022 . The Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock (the Series D Certificate of Designation provides that all shares of Series D Preferred Stock that are not present in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders held to
vote on the Reverse Stock Split (as defined in the Series D Certificate of Designation) and the Adjournment Proposal (as defined in the
Series D Certificate of Designation) as of immediately prior to the opening of the polls at such meeting (the Initial Redemption
Time will automatically be redeemed in whole, but not in part, by the Company at the Initial Redemption Time without further
action on the part of the Company or the holder of shares of Series D Preferred Stock (the Initial Redemption ). Any outstanding
shares of Series D Preferred Stock that have not been redeemed pursuant to an Initial Redemption will be redeemed in whole, but not in
part, (i) if such redemption is ordered by the Board in its sole discretion, automatically and effective on such time and date specified
by the Board in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Reverse Stock
Split at any meeting of the stockholders held for the purpose of voting on such proposal (the Subsequent Redemption ). 

. As
a result, shares of Series D Preferred Stock remain outstanding. The stock split is not yet effective as of the date of this filing. 

million shares of common stock are reserved for issuance. As of December 31, 2022,
there were approximately million shares subject to outstanding stock options and approximately million shares outstanding related
to restricted stock grants issued from the 2008 Plan. This plan expired on and thus no further shares are available
for future grant under this plan. 

In
November 2019, the Company adopted a 2019 Stock Incentive Plan under which million shares of common stock are reserved for issuance.
As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares subject to outstanding stock options and shares outstanding related to
restricted stock grants from the 2019 Plan. This Plan expires on . 

All
outstanding options issued to employees, directors and consultants were fully vested in 2020. As such, no further stock compensation expense was recognized during the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

No
stock options were issued to employees, directors and consultants in 2022 and 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, options to acquire shares of common stock were exercised on a cashless basis in exchange for
 shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, options to acquire shares of common stock were exercised
resulting in net proceeds of . 

Total employee stock-based compensation 

Schedule
of Stock Option Activity 

Stock Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Outstanding beginning of year 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the year: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired/Forfeited 

Outstanding end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the year: 

- 

- 

- 

- 

There
was no aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding options and options vested as of December 31, 2022. 

Restricted
Stock 

No
restricted stock was granted in 2022. In December 2021, the Company granted to Jennifer Simpson, who serves on our Board of Directors,
 shares of restricted common stock, pursuant to the 2019 Plan. This restricted stock vests on the first anniversary of the date
of the grant. The fair value of the restricted stock is based on the market price of the Company s shares on the grant date less
the par value received as consideration. The fair value of the restricted stock on the grant date was . As of December 31, 2022,
there is no unamortized stock compensation. 

Equity-Classified
Warrants 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of warrants granted during the year: 

The
outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2022 had intrinsic value. 

per share. The dividend was paid to the stockholders
of record at the close of business on December 23, 2019. Each Right entitled the registered holder, subject to the terms of the Original
Rights Agreement (as defined below), to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of the Company s Series B Junior
Participating Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ), at a price of (the Purchase
Price ), subject to certain adjustments. The description and terms of the Rights were set forth in the Rights Agreement, dated
as of December 13, 2019 (the Original Rights Agreement ), by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust
Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (the Rights Agent ). 

On
November 12, 2020, . 

The
purpose of the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement is to protect value by preserving the Company s ability to utilize its net
operating losses and certain other tax attributes (collectively, the Tax Benefits to offset potential future income tax
obligations. The Company s ability to use its Tax Benefits would be substantially limited if it experiences an ownership
change, as such term is defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Tax Code ).
A corporation generally will experience an ownership change if the percentage of the corporation s stock owned by its 5-percent
shareholders, as defined in Section 382 of the Tax Code, increases by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership
percentage within a rolling three-year period. The Amended and Restated Rights Agreement is intended to reduce the likelihood the Company
would experience an ownership change under Section 382 of the Tax Code. 

The
Rights will not be exercisable until the earlier to occur of (i) the close of business on the tenth business day after a public announcement
or filing that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has become an Acquiring Person, which is defined as
a person or group of affiliated or associated persons that, at any time after the date of the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement,
has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 4.95 or more of the Company s outstanding shares of Common
Stock, subject to certain exceptions or (ii) the close of business on the tenth business day after the commencement of, or announcement
of an intention to commence, a tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in any person becoming an Acquiring
Person (the earlier of such dates being called the Distribution Date ( provided , however , that if such tender
or exchange offer is terminated prior to the occurrence of the Distribution Date, then no Distribution Date shall occur as a result of
such tender or exchange offer). 

The
Rights, which are not exercisable until the Distribution Date, will expire at or prior to the earliest of (i) the close of business on
November 16, 2023; (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed pursuant to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement; (iii) the time
at which the Rights are exchanged pursuant to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement; (iv) the time at which the Rights are terminated
upon the occurrence of certain mergers or other transactions approved in advance by the Board; and (v) the close of business on the date
set by the Board following a determination by the Board that (x) the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement is no longer necessary or
desirable for the preservation of the Tax Benefits or (y) no Tax Benefits are available to be carried forward or are otherwise available
(the earliest of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) is referred to as the Expiration Date ). 

. 

The
Purchase Price payable, and the number of shares of Preferred Stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights
are each subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination
or reclassification of the Preferred Stock, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Preferred Stock of certain rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase Preferred Stock or convertible securities at less than the then-current market price of the Preferred Stock or (iii)
upon the distribution to holders of the Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends
or dividends payable in Preferred Stock) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above). The number of outstanding
Rights and the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of each Right are also subject to adjustment
in the event of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividends and other similar transactions involving the Common Stock. 

In
the event that any person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right, other than
the Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person, affiliates and associates of the Acquiring Person and certain transferees thereof
(which will thereupon become null and void), will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise of a Right that number of shares
of Common Stock having a market value of two times the Purchase Price. 

In
the event that, after a person or a group of affiliated or associated persons has become an Acquiring Person, the Company is acquired
in a merger or other business combination transaction, or 50 or more of the Company s assets or earning power are sold, proper
provision will be made so that each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at the then-current
purchase price of the Right, that number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company having a market value at the time of that
transaction equal to two times the Purchase Price. 

With
certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease
of at least one percent (1 in the Purchase Price. No fractional shares of Preferred Stock will be issued (other than fractions which
are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by
depositary receipts) and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred Stock on the
trading day immediately prior to the date of exercise. 

At
any time after any person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person and prior to the acquisition of beneficial
ownership by such Acquiring Person of 50 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Board, at its option, may exchange each
Right (other than Rights owned by such person or group of affiliated or associated persons which will have become void), in whole or
in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock per outstanding Right (subject to adjustment). 

In
connection with any exercise or exchange of the Rights, no holder of a Right will be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock if receipt
of such shares would result in such holder, together with such holder s affiliates and associates, beneficially owning more than
4.95 of the then-outstanding Common Stock (such shares, the Excess Shares and the Board determines that such holder s
receipt of Excess Shares would jeopardize or endanger the value or availability of the Tax Benefits or the Board otherwise determines
that such holder s receipt of Excess Shares is not in the best interests of the Company. In lieu of such Excess Shares, such holder
will only be entitled to receive cash or a note or other evidence of indebtedness with a principal amount equal to the then-current market
price of the Common Stock multiplied by the number of Excess Shares that would otherwise have been issuable. 

At
any time before the Distribution Date, the Board may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of per Right (subject
to certain adjustments) (the Redemption Price ). The redemption of the Rights may be made effective at such time, on such
basis and with such conditions as the Board in its sole discretion may establish. 

Immediately
upon the action of the Board electing to redeem or exchange the Rights, the Company shall make a public announcement thereof, and upon
such election, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption
Price. 

Until
a Right is exercised or exchanged, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without
limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends. 

The
Board may amend or supplement the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement without the approval of any holders of Rights, including, without
limitation, in order to (a) cure any ambiguity, (b) correct inconsistent provisions, (c) alter time period provisions, including the
Expiration Date, or (d) make additional changes to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement that the Board deems necessary or desirable.
However, from and after the date any person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person, the Amended and
Restated Rights Agreement may not be supplemented or amended in any manner that would adversely affect the interests of the holders of
Rights. 

million
and million,
respectively, available to offset against future taxable income. Of this amount, million
of federal NOLs expire in 2024 through 2037. The federal operating losses after 2018 totaling million
carry forward indefinitely but are only able to offset 80 of taxable income in future years. The California NOLs . 

As
a result of a change in-control that occurred in the LadRx shareholder base, approximately million in federal net operating loss
carryforwards became substantially limited in their annual availability. Management currently believes that the remaining million
in federal net operating loss carryforwards, and the million in state net operating loss carryforwards, are unrestricted. 

As
of December 31, 2022, LadRx also had research and development tax credits for federal and state purposes of approximately million
and million, respectively, available for offset against future income taxes, which . The credits are
subject to change-in-control limitations, which may affect their utilization in future years. Based on an assessment of all available
evidence including, but not limited to, the Company s limited operating history in its core business and lack of profitability,
uncertainties of the commercial viability of its technology, the impact of government regulation and healthcare reform initiatives, and
other risks normally associated with biotechnology companies, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than not that these net
operating loss carryforwards and credits will not be realized and, as a result, a deferred tax valuation allowance has been recorded
against these assets. 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Equipment, furnishings and other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 

For
all years presented, the Company did not recognize any deferred tax assets or liabilities. The net change in valuation allowance for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

State income taxes, net of Federal taxes 

State credits 

Warrant liabilities 

Other permanent differences 

Provision related to change in valuation allowance 

Federal rate adjustment 

NQ Options 

Current year tax credit 

NOL Adjustments 

Termination/Cancellation of Equity Compensation Awards 

Return to provision 

Other, net 

Provision for Income taxes 

There
have been no changes to the Company s liability for unrecognized tax benefits during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. As of the year ended December 31,
2022, the tax returns for 2019 through 2022 remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and for 2017 to 2021 for various
state tax authorities. 

The
Company s policy is to recognize any interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.
As of the date of adoption of ASC 740 and the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued no interest or penalties
related to uncertain tax positions. 

million upon meeting
specified clinical and regulatory milestones up to and including the product s second, final marketing approval. We also will be
obliged to pay: 

commercially
 reasonable royalties based on a percentage of net sales (as defined in the agreement); 

a
 percentage of any non-royalty sub-licensing income (as defined in the agreement); and 

milestones
 of for each additional final marketing approval that we might obtain. 

Arimoclomol 

The
agreement relating to our worldwide rights to arimoclomol provides for our payment of up to an aggregate of million upon receipt
of milestone payments from KemPharm. 

Innovive 

Under
the merger agreement by which we acquired Innovive, we agreed to pay the former Innovive stockholders a total of up to approximately
 million of future earnout merger consideration, subject to our achievement of specified net sales under the Innovive license agreements.
The earnout merger consideration, if any, will be payable in shares of our common stock, subject to specified conditions, or, at our
election, in cash or by a combination of shares of our common stock and cash. Our common stock will be valued for purposes of any future
earnout merger consideration based upon the trading price of our common stock at the time the earnout merger consideration is paid. 

As
of December 31, 2022, no amounts are due under the above agreements. 

Contractual
obligations 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

(1) 

Contingencies 

The Company is occasionally involved in legal proceedings
and other matters arising from the normal course of business. On November 30, 2022, Jerald Hammann Hammann filed a complaint
(the Complaint against the Company, Mr. Caloz, and Mr. Kriegsman (together, Defendants in the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware, alleging various violations of a Cooperation Agreement, dated August 21, 2020, by and between the Company and
Hammann. The Complaint alleges breaches of a provision limiting the Board s ability to effect discretionary compensation and
a non-disparagement provision. The Complaint further alleges a breach of a purported implied obligation that the Company disclose
various internal records to Hammann. Defendants believe the Complaint is wholly without merit and have moved to dismiss the Complaint
in its entirety. Defendants intend to litigate vigorously against Hammann s claims. 

The Company intends to vigorously
defend against any complaint. We have directors and officers liability insurance, which will be utilized, after the deductible,
in the defense of any matter involving our directors or officers. 

The
Company evaluates developments in legal proceedings and other matters on a quarterly basis. If an unfavorable outcome becomes probable
and reasonably estimable, we could incur charges that could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations for the period in which the outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was first identified in China and has surfaced in several regions across the
world. In March 2020, the disease was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. As the situation with Covid-19 continues
to evolve, the companies which are working to further develop and commercialize our products, ImmunityBio and Orphazyme, could be materially
and adversely affected by the risks, or the public perception of the risks, related to this pandemic. Among other things, the active
and planned clinical trials by ImmunityBio and Orphazyme and their regulatory approvals, if any, may be delayed or interrupted, which
could delay or adversely affect the Company s potential receipt of milestone and royalty payments within the disclosed time periods
and increase expected costs. As of the date of this filing, senior management and administrative staff are working primarily remotely. 

. 

On
January 31, 2023, 1,342 Series C Preferred Stock was converted to common shares. 

F- 26 

<EX-10.15>
 2
 ex10-15.htm

Exhibit
10.15 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into this 30 th day of December, 2022, with
an effective date of January 1, 2023 (the Effective Date by and between LadRx Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the Company ), and Stephen Snowdy (the Executive ). 

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive is willing to continue to be employed by the Company, on the
terms set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, upon the above premises, and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter contained, the parties hereto
agree as follows. 

1.
 Employment . Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company shall continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive shall serve,
as the Company s Chief Executive Officer on the terms set forth herein. 

2.
 Duties; Place of Employment . The Executive shall perform in a professional and business-like manner, and to the best of his ability,
the duties as are customarily performed and exercised by a Chief Executive Officer of a public company and such other duties as are reasonably
assigned to him from time to time by the Company s Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ).
The Executive s services hereunder shall be rendered on a virtual basis, except for travel when and as required in the performance
of the Executive s duties hereunder. 

3.
 Time and Efforts . The Executive shall devote all of his business time, efforts, attention and energies to the Company s
business and to discharge his duties hereunder. 

4.
 Term . The term (the Term of the Executive s employment hereunder shall commence on the Effective Date
and shall expire on December 31, 2025 unless sooner terminated in accordance with Section 6. Neither the Company nor the Executive shall
have any obligation to extend or renew this Agreement. In the event that the Executive s employment has not theretofore been terminated
and the Company has not offered to extend or renew the Executive s employment under this Agreement, upon expiration of the Term
(and termination of the Executive s employment) on December 31, 2025, in lieu of any other severance benefits provided by Section
6, the Company shall continue to pay the Executive his salary in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices as provided
for in Section 5.1 during the period commencing on the final date of the Term and ending on (a) June 30, 2026, or (b) the date of the
Executive s re-employment with another employer, whichever is earlier; provided that, as a condition to the Company s obligations
under this sentence, the Executive shall have executed and delivered to the Company a General Release of All Claims in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (the Release ). 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 

5.
 Compensation . As the total consideration for the Executive s services rendered hereunder, the Company shall pay or provide
the Executive the following compensation and benefits: 

5.1.
 Base Salary . The Executive shall be entitled to receive an annual salary of 520,000, less applicable payroll deductions and tax
withholdings and payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll policies and procedures (the Base Salary ). 

5.2.
 Target Bonus . The Executive also shall be eligible for an annual target performance-based bonus for the Executive s services
equal to 50 of the Base Salary during the Term, less applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings (the Target Bonus ).
 Target Bonuses do not constitute a promise of payment and the Executive s actual bonus, if
any, will depend in part on the Company s performance and the Compensation Committee s discretion in assessing the Executive s
individual performance in relation to his objectives as determined by the Board and the overall performance and status of the Company.
 Any Target Bonus payable to the Executive shall be paid with respect to a performance period consistent with the Company s
standard timing for paying such bonuses and in any event no later than February 28th of the calendar year following the calendar year
to which the Target Bonus relates. 

5.3.
 Expense Reimbursement . The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred by the
Executive in connection with the performance of the Executive s duties in accordance with the Company s usual practices and
policies in effect from time to time. 

5.4.
 Vacation . The Executive shall continue to accrue vacation days without loss of compensation in accordance with the Company s
usual policies applicable to all executives at a rate of four weeks vacation time for each 12-month period during the Term. 

5.5.
 Benefits . The Executive shall be eligible to participate in all employee benefit plans and programs, fringe benefits and perquisites
as in effect generally with respect to other senior officers of the Company. 

5.6.
 Payroll Taxes . The Company shall have the right to deduct from the compensation and benefits due to the Executive hereunder any
and all sums required for social security and withholding taxes and for any other federal, state, or local tax or charge which may be
in effect or hereafter enacted or required as a charge on the compensation or benefits of the Executive. 

6.
 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated as set forth in this Section 6. 

6.1.
 Termination by the Company for Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder for Cause 
upon notice to the Executive. Cause for this purpose shall mean any of the following: 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 2 

(a)
The Executive s breach of any material term of this Agreement; provided that the first occasion of any particular breach shall
not constitute such Cause unless the Executive shall have previously received written notice from the Company stating the nature of such
breach and affording the Executive at least ten days to correct such breach; 

(b)
The Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, any misdemeanor, felony or other crime of moral turpitude; 

(c)
The Executive s act of fraud or dishonesty injurious to the Company or its reputation; 

(d)
The Executive s continual failure or refusal to perform his material duties as required under this Agreement after written notice
from the Company stating the nature of such failure or refusal and affording the Executive at least ten days to correct the same; 

(e)
The Executive s act or omission that, in the reasonable determination of the Company s Board of Directors (or a Committee
of the Board), indicates alcohol or drug abuse by the Executive; or 

(f)
The Executive s act or personal conduct that, in the judgment of the Company s Board of Directors (or a Committee of the
Board), gives rise to a material risk of liability of the Executive or the Company under federal or applicable state law for discrimination,
or sexual or other forms of harassment, or other similar liabilities to subordinate employees. 

Upon
termination of the Executive s employment by the Company for Cause, all compensation and benefits to the Executive hereunder shall
cease and the Executive shall be entitled only to payment upon the effective date of termination of any accrued but unpaid Base Salary
and unused vacation as provided in Sections 5.1 and 5.4 as of the date of such termination and any unpaid Target Bonus that may have
been awarded the Executive as provided in Section 5.2 prior to such date. 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 3 

6.2.
 Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason . The Company may also terminate the Executive s
employment without Cause upon ten days notice to the Executive and the Executive may also terminate the Executive s employment
for Good Reason (as defined below) upon ten days written notice to the Company. Upon termination of the Executive s employment
by the Company without Cause or the Executive s termination of the Executive s employment for Good Reason, all compensation
and benefits to the Executive hereunder shall cease and the Executive shall be entitled to, subject to Section 20, (1) any accrued but
unpaid Base Salary and unused vacation as of the date of such termination as required by California law, which shall be due and payable
upon the effective date of such termination, (2) any unpaid Target Bonus that may have been awarded to the Executive under Section 5.2
prior to such date, which shall be due and payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll policies and procedures or as
otherwise required by California law, (3) all of the Executive s vested stock options and other equity awards as of the date of
termination of the Executive s employment shall remain exercisable for their full term, subject to the terms of the applicable
award agreements, (4) retain and have full ownership of all electronic devices provided to the Executive (including, without limitation,
a computer, telephone, tablet and printer), provided that all the Company confidential information shall be deleted by the Company from
such devices before releasing them to the Executive, (5) a lump sum amount, which shall be due and payable within ten days following
the effective date of the Release (as defined above), equal to twelve months of the Executive s Base Salary as provided in Section
5.1 and an amount equal to the prorated portion of the Target Bonus provided in Section 5.2 for the year in which the termination occurred
based on the number of days the Executive was employed, provided, that if such termination occurs within six months prior to or within
twelve months following a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), then the amount described in this clause (5) shall be equal to
eighteen months of the Executive s Base Salary as provided in Section 5.1, and the full Target Bonus amount as provided in Section
5.2, and (6) reimbursement of the Executive and his dependents for a period of twelve months following such termination (eighteen months
if such termination occurs within six months prior to or within twelve months following a Change of Control) of all the premiums associated
with Executive s continuation of health insurance pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 COBRA ),
as applicable, provided, that the Executive timely elects and is eligible to continue to receive COBRA benefits (less all applicable
tax withholdings), payable in accordance with the Company s usual reimbursement practices and policies in effect from time to time.
The Executive s right to the compensation and benefits provided for in clauses (5) and (6) of this Section shall be conditioned
upon the Executive having executed and delivered to the Company the Release, provided that the compensation and benefits shall be paid
or commence, as applicable, after the time period for the Executive to execute, return and revoke the Release has expired (and if such
time period begins in one taxable year and ends in a second taxable year, no payment shall be made until the first payroll period in
the second taxable year). For purposes of this Section 6.2: 

(a)
 Change of Control shall mean a change in ownership or effective control of a corporation, or a change
in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation, as applied to the Company, within the meaning of Section
409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(5). 

(b)
 Good Reason shall mean any material breach by the Company of the terms hereof that is not corrected by the
Company within five days after written notice by the Executive to the Company, including, without limitation, (i) the assignment to the
Executive of any duties inconsistent in any respect with his position as the Chief Executive Officer (including status, offices, titles,
reporting requirements, authority, duties or responsibilities); or (ii) any failure by the Company to comply with its compensation obligations
under this Agreement. If the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, subject to the Company s right to cure as set
forth above, the termination shall take effect on the effective date of the written notice to the Company (determined under Section 15).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Executive does not terminate his employment for Good Reason within thirty days after
the Company s failure to cure as provided herein, such condition giving rise to a Good Reason shall no longer constitute
Good Reason for the Executive to terminate his employment. 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 4 

6.3.
 Death or Disability . In the event of the Executive s death or Disability (as defined below) during the Term,
the Executive s employment shall automatically cease and terminate as of the date of the Executive s death or the effective
date of the Company s written notice to the Executive of its decision to terminate his employment by reason of his Disability,
as the case may be, and the Executive or his heirs or personal representative shall be entitled to the same payments and benefits, at
the same times, as described in Section 6.2 for a termination of employment by the Company without Cause and all of the Executive s
stock options and any other equity awards based on the Company securities held by the Executive at the time of his death or Disability
shall immediately vest in full and shall remain exercisable thereafter for their full term. In addition, the Executive or his heirs or
personal representative shall be entitled to retain and have full ownership of all electronic devices provided to the Executive (including,
without limitation, a computer, telephone and tablet); provided that all the Company confidential information shall be deleted by the
Company from such devices before releasing them to the Executive or such heirs or personal representatives. Notwithstanding the foregoing
or any provision of Section 6.2, the Company s obligation to pay the Executive the Base Salary provided in Section 6.2 for the
severance period following termination of his employment by reason of his Disability shall be subject to offset and shall be reduced
by any and all amounts paid to the Executive under any disability insurance policy paid or provided for by the Company as provided in
Section 5.5 or otherwise. The Executive s Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any policy
of disability insurance maintained by the Company (or by the Executive, as the case may be) with respect to the Executive or, if no such
policy is then in effect, shall mean the Executive s inability to fully perform his duties hereunder for any period of at least
75 consecutive days or for a total of 90 days, whether or not consecutive. 

7.
 Confidentiality . While this Agreement is in effect and for a period of five years thereafter, the Executive shall hold and keep
secret and confidential all trade secrets (within the meaning of applicable law) and other confidential or proprietary
information of the Company and shall use such information only in the course of performing the Executive s duties hereunder; provided,
however, that with respect to trade secrets, the Executive shall hold and keep secret and confidential such trade secrets for so long
as they remain trade secrets under applicable law. The Executive shall maintain in trust all such trade secrets or other confidential
or proprietary information, as the Company s property, including, but not limited to, all documents concerning the Company s
business, including the Executive s work papers, telephone directories, customer information and notes, and any and all copies
thereof in the Executive s possession or under the Executive s control. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the
Executive s employment with the Company, or upon request by the Company, the Executive shall deliver to the Company all such documents
belonging to the Company, including any and all copies in the Executive s possession or under the Executive s control. 

8.
 Equitable Remedies; Injunctive Relief . The Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that monetary damages are inadequate to fully
compensate the Company for the damages that would result from a breach or threatened breach of Section 7 of this Agreement and, accordingly,
that the Company shall be entitled to equitable remedies, including, without limitation, specific performance, temporary restraining
orders, and preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, to enforce such Section without the necessity of proving actual damages
in connection therewith. This provision shall not, however, diminish the Company s right to claim and recover damages or enforce
any other of its legal or equitable rights or defenses. 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 5 

9.
 Indemnification; Insurance . The Company and the Executive acknowledge that, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the
Executive shall be a corporate officer of the Company and, as such, the Executive shall be entitled to indemnification to the full extent
provided by the Company to its officers, directors and agents under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws as in
effect as of the date of this Agreement. the Company shall maintain the Executive as an additional insured under its current policy of
directors and officers liability insurance and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to continue to insure the Executive thereunder,
or under any replacement policies in effect from time to time, during the Term. 

10.
 Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions is determined to be illegal
or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions, and any partially unenforceable provisions to the extent enforceable,
shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 

11.
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Company, its successors and
assigns and the Executive and his heirs and representatives; provided, that this Agreement may be assigned by the Company to a successor
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of
the Company. 

12.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and the parties
hereto have made no agreements, representations or warranties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement that are not set forth
otherwise herein. This Agreement supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, written or oral, between the Executive and
the Company relating to the subject matter hereof. Any such prior or contemporaneous agreements are hereby terminated and of no further
effect, and the Executive, by the execution hereof, agrees that any compensation provided for under any such agreements is specifically
superseded and replaced by the provisions of this Agreement. 

13.
 Amendment . No modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing and signed by the parties hereto and unless
such writing is made by an executive officer of the Company (other than the Executive). The parties hereto agree that in no event shall
an oral modification of this Agreement be enforceable or valid. 

14.
 Governing Law . This Agreement is and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without
giving effect to California s choice-of-law rules. 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 6 

15.
 Notice . All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and mailed, telecopied (in case of notice
to the Company only) or delivered by hand or by a nationally recognized courier service guaranteeing overnight delivery to a party at
the following address (or to such other address as such party may have specified by notice given to the other party pursuant to this
provision): 

If
 to the Company: 
 
 LadRx
 Corporation 
 11726
 San Vicente Boulevard, Suite 650 
 Los
 Angeles, California 90049 
 Facsimile:
 (310) 826-5529 
 Attention:
 Chair of the Board 

Stephen
 Snowdy 
 1022
 Reeder Circle NE 
 Atlanta,
 Georgia 30306 

16.
 Survival . Sections 7 through 17 and 19 through 20 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

17.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A counterpart executed and transmitted by facsimile shall have the same force
and effect as an originally executed counterpart. 

18.
 Attorney s Fees . In any action or proceeding to construe or enforce any provision of this Agreement the prevailing party
shall be entitled to recover its or his reasonable attorneys fees and other costs of suit (up to a maximum of 15,000) in addition
to any other recoveries. 

19.
 No Interpretation of Ambiguities Against Drafting Party . This Agreement has been negotiated at arm s length between persons
knowledgeable in the matters dealt with herein. In addition, each party has been represented by experienced and knowledgeable legal counsel.
Accordingly, the parties agree that any rule of law, including, but not limited to, California Civil Code Section 1654 or any other statutes,
legal decisions, or common law principles of similar effect, that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against
the party that has drafted it, is of no application and is hereby expressly waived. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted
in a reasonable manner to effect the intentions of the parties hereto. 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 7 

20.
 Code Section 409A . 

20.1.
To the extent (a) any payments to which the Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein,
in connection with the Executive s termination of employment with the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
409A of the Code; (b) the Executive is deemed at the time of his separation from service to be a specified employee under
Section 409A of the Code; and (c) at the time of the Executive s separation from service the Company is publicly traded (as defined
in Section 409A of Code), then such payments (other than any payments permitted by Section 409A of the Code to be paid within six months
of the Executive s separation from service) shall not be made until the earlier of (x) the first day of the seventh month following
the Executive s separation from service or (y) the date of the Executive s death following such separation from service.
Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period described in the immediately preceding sentence, any payments which would have
otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this Section 20 shall be paid to
the Executive or the Executive s beneficiary in one lump sum, plus interest thereon at the Delayed Payment Interest Rate computed
from the date on which each such delayed payment otherwise would have been made to the Executive until the date of payment. For purposes
of the foregoing, the Delayed Payment Interest Rate shall mean the national average annual rate of interest
payable on jumbo six-month bank certificates of deposit, as quoted in the business section of the most recently published Sunday edition
of The New York Times preceding the Executive s separation from service. 

20.2.
To the extent any benefits provided under Section 6.2 above are otherwise taxable to the Executive, such benefits shall, for purposes
of Section 409A of the Code, be provided as separate in-kind payments of those benefits, and the provision of in-kind benefits during
one calendar year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided in any other calendar year. 

20.3.
In the case of any amounts payable to the Executive under this Agreement, or under any plan of the Company, that may be treated as payable
in the form of a series of installment payments, as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), the Executive s
right to receive such payments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments for purposes of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). 

20.4.
It is intended that this Agreement comply with or be exempt from the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations
and guidance of general applicability issued thereunder, and in furtherance of this intent, this Agreement shall be interpreted, operated,
and administered in a manner consistent with such intent. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows.] 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

LadRx Corporation 

By: 

Jennifer
 Simpson 

Chair
 of the Board 

EXECUTIVE 

Stephen
 Snowdy 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 9 

EXHIBIT
A 

GENERAL
RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS 

This
General Release of All Claims is made as of December __, 2022 (this General Release ), by and between Stephen Snowdy
(the Executive and LadRx Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), with reference
to the following facts: 

WHEREAS,
this General Release is provided for in, and is in furtherance of, the Employment Agreement, dated as of December __, 2022, between the
Company and the Executive (the Employment Agreement ); 

WHEREAS,
the Executive desires to execute and deliver to the Company this General Release in consideration of the Company s providing the
Executive with certain severance benefits pursuant to Section 4 or Section 6.2, as applicable, of the Employment Agreement; and 

WHEREAS,
the Executive and the Company intend that this General Release shall be in full satisfaction of any and all obligations described in
this General Release owed to the Executive by the Company, except as expressly provided in this General Release. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the Executive and the Company agree
as follows: 

1.
The Executive, for himself, his spouse, heirs, administrators, children, representatives, executors, successors, assigns, and all other
persons claiming through the Executive, if any (collectively, Releasers ), does hereby release, waive, and forever
discharge the Company and each of its agents, subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, related organizations, executives, officers, directors,
attorneys, successors, and assigns (collectively, the Releasees from, and does fully waive any obligations of Releasees
to Releasers for, any and all liability, actions, charges, causes of action, obligations, demands, damages, or claims for relief, remuneration,
sums of money, accounts or expenses (including attorneys fees and costs) of any kind whatsoever, whether known or unknown or contingent
or absolute, which heretofore has been or which hereafter may be suffered or sustained, directly or indirectly, by Releasers in consequence
of, arising out of, or in any way relating to: (a) the Executive s employment with and services to the Company or any of its affiliates;
(b) the termination of the Executive s employment with and services to the Company and any of its affiliates; or (c) any event
whatsoever occurring on or prior to the date of this General Release. The foregoing release and discharge, waiver and covenant not to
sue includes, but is not limited to, all claims and any obligations or causes of action arising from such claims, under common law including,
but not limited to, wrongful or retaliatory discharge, breach of contract (including but not limited to any claims under any employment
agreement between the Executive, on the one hand, and the Company or its affiliates, on the other hand) and any action arising in tort
including, but not limited to, libel, slander, defamation or intentional infliction of emotional distress, and claims under any federal,
state or local statute including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866 and 1871 (42 U.S.C. 1981), the National Labor Relations Act, the Fair Labor Standards
Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the California
Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act or the discrimination or employment
laws of any state or municipality, and any claims under any express or implied contract which Releasers may claim existed with Releasees.
This also includes, but is not limited to, a release of any claims for wrongful discharge and all claims for alleged physical or personal
injury, emotional distress relating to or arising out of the Executive s employment with or services to the Company or any of its
affiliates or the termination of that employment or those services; and any claims under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification
Act, California Labor Code Section 1400 et seq. or any similar law, which requires, among other things, that advance notice be
given of certain work force reductions. This release and waiver does not apply to: (i) the Executive s rights to receive the compensation
and benefits provided for in clauses (1) through (2) of Section 6.2, as applicable, of the Employment Agreement; or (ii) the Executive s
rights under any stock option agreement between the Executive and the Company. 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 10 

2.
The Executive understands and agrees that he is expressly waiving all rights afforded by Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State
of California Section 1542 with respect to the Releasees. Section 1542 states as follows: 

A
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING
THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 

Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 1542, and for the purpose of implementing a full and complete release, the Executive understands and agrees
that this General Release is intended to include all claims, if any, which the Executive may have and which he does not now know or suspect
to exist in his favor against the Releasees and the Executive understands and agrees that this Agreement extinguishes those claims. 

3.
Excluded from this General Release and waiver are any claims which cannot be waived by law, including but not limited to the right to
participate in an investigation conducted by certain government agencies. The Executive, however, waives the Executive s right
to any monetary recovery should any agency (such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the California Department of Fair
Employment and Housing) pursue any claims on the Executive s behalf. The Executive represents and warrants that the Executive has
not filed any complaint, charge or lawsuit against the Releasees with any government agency or any court. 

4.
The Executive agrees never to seek personal recovery from Releasees in any forum for any claim covered by the above waiver and release
language, except that the Executive may bring a claim under the ADEA to challenge this General Release. Nothing in this General Release
is intended to reflect any party s belief that the Executive s waiver of claims under ADEA is invalid or unenforceable, it
being the intent of the parties that such claims are waived. 

5.
The Executive acknowledges and recites that: 

(a)
The Executive has executed this General Release knowingly and voluntarily; 

(b)
The Executive has read and understands this General Release in its entirety; 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 11 

(c)
The Executive acknowledges that he has been advised by his own legal counsel and has sought such other advice as he wishes with respect
to the terms of this General Release before executing it; 

(d)
The Executive s execution of this General Release has not been forced by any the Executive or agent of the Company, and the Executive
has had an opportunity to negotiate about the terms of this General Release; and 

(e)
The Executive has not sold, assigned, transferred or conveyed any claim, demand, right, action, suit, cause of action or other interest
that is the subject matter of this General Release. 

6.
This General Release shall be governed by the internal laws (and not the choice of laws) of the State of California, except for the application
of preemptive Federal law. 

7.
The Executive acknowledges that he is waiving his rights under the ADEA and the Older Worker s Benefit Protection Act and therefore,
in compliance with those statutes, acknowledges the following: 

The
Executive acknowledges that he has been provided a minimum of twenty-one calendar days after receipt of this Agreement to consider whether
to sign it; 

The
Executive acknowledges that he shall have seven days from the date he executes this General Release to revoke his waiver and release
of any ADEA claims only (but not his waiver or release hereunder of other claims) by providing written notice of the revocation to the
Company, and that, in the event of such revocation, the provisions of Section 4 or clauses (4) through (6) of Section 6.2, as applicable,
of the Employment Agreement shall thereupon become null and void and the Company shall be entitled to a return from the Executive of
all payments to the Executive pursuant to such clauses; 

The
Executive acknowledges that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under ADEA after the effective
date of this Agreement; and 

The
Executive acknowledges that the consideration given in exchange for this waiver and release Agreement is in addition to anything of value
to which he was already entitled. 

PLEASE
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS. 

Dated:
 December __, 2022 

Stephen
 Snowdy 

Snowdy, S Employment Agreement 2023 12 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 ex10-16.htm

Exhibit
10.16 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into this 30 th day of December, 2022, with
an effective date of January 1, 2023 (the Effective Date by and between LadRx Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the Company ), and John Caloz (the Executive ). 

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive is willing to continue to be employed by the Company, on the
terms set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, upon the above premises, and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter contained, the parties hereto
agree as follows. 

1.
 Employment . Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company shall continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive shall serve,
as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President on the terms set forth herein. 

2.
 Duties; Place of Employment . The Executive shall perform in a professional and business-like manner, and to the best of his ability,
the duties as are customarily performed and exercised by a Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of a public company and
such other duties as are reasonably assigned to him from time to time by the Company s Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board ). The Executive understands and agrees that his duties, title and authority may be changed from time
to time in the discretion of the Company s Chair of the Board. The Executive s services hereunder shall be rendered from
his home office on a virtual basis, except for travel when and as required in the performance of the Executive s duties hereunder. 

3.
 Time and Efforts . The Executive shall devote all of his business time, efforts, attention and energies to the Company s
business and to discharge his duties hereunder. 

4.
 Term . The term (the Term of the Executive s employment hereunder shall commence on the Effective Date
and shall expire on December 31, 2025 unless sooner terminated in accordance with Section 6. Neither the Company nor the Executive shall
have any obligation to extend or renew this Agreement. In the event that the Executive s employment has not theretofore been terminated
and the Company has not offered to extend or renew the Executive s employment under this Agreement, upon expiration of the Term
(and termination of the Executive s employment) on December 31, 2025, in lieu of any other severance benefits provided by Section
6, the Company shall continue to pay the Executive his salary in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices as provided
for in Section 5.1 during the period commencing on the final date of the Term and ending on (a) June 30, 2026, or (b) the date of the
Executive s re-employment with another employer, whichever is earlier; provided that, as a condition to the Company s obligations
under this sentence, the Executive shall have executed and delivered to the Company a General Release of All Claims in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (the Release ). 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 

5.
 Compensation . As the total consideration for the Executive s services rendered hereunder, the Company shall pay or provide
the Executive the following compensation and benefits: 

5.1.
 Base Salary . The Executive shall be entitled to receive an annual salary of 416,000, less applicable payroll deductions and tax
withholdings and payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll policies and procedures (the Base Salary ). 

5.2.
 Target Bonus . The Executive also shall be eligible for an annual target performance-based bonus for the Executive s services
equal to 40 of the Base Salary during the Term, less applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings (the Target Bonus ).
Target Bonuses do not constitute a promise of payment and the Executive s actual bonus, if any, will depend in part on the Company s
performance and the Compensation Committee s discretion in assessing the Executive s individual performance in relation to
his objectives as determined by the Board and the overall performance and status of the Company. Any Target Bonus payable to the Executive
shall be paid with respect to a performance period consistent with the Company s standard timing for paying such bonuses and in
any event no later than February 28th of the calendar year following the calendar year to which the Target Bonus relates. 

5.3.
 Expense Reimbursement . The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred by the
Executive in connection with the performance of the Executive s duties in accordance with the Company s usual practices and
policies in effect from time to time. 

5.4.
 Vacation . The Executive shall continue to accrue vacation days without loss of compensation in accordance with the Company s
usual policies applicable to all executives at a rate of four weeks vacation time for each 12-month period during the Term. 

5.5.
 Benefits . The Executive shall be eligible to participate in all employee benefit plans and programs (including reimbursement of
all Medicare premiums), fringe benefits and perquisites as in effect generally with respect to other senior officers of the Company. 

5.6.
 Payroll Taxes . The Company shall have the right to deduct from the compensation and benefits due to the Executive hereunder any
and all sums required for social security and withholding taxes and for any other federal, state, or local tax or charge which may be
in effect or hereafter enacted or required as a charge on the compensation or benefits of the Executive. 

6.
 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated as set forth in this Section 6. 

6.1.
 Termination by the Company for Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder for Cause 
upon notice to the Executive. Cause for this purpose shall mean any of the following: 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 2 

(a)
The Executive s breach of any material term of this Agreement; provided that the first occasion of any particular breach shall
not constitute such Cause unless the Executive shall have previously received written notice from the Company stating the nature of such
breach and affording the Executive at least ten days to correct such breach; 

(b)
The Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, any misdemeanor, felony or other crime of moral turpitude; 

(c)
The Executive s act of fraud or dishonesty injurious to the Company or its reputation; 

(d)
The Executive s continual failure or refusal to perform his material duties as required under this Agreement after written notice
from the Company stating the nature of such failure or refusal and affording the Executive at least ten days to correct the same; 

(e)
The Executive s act or omission that, in the reasonable determination of the Company s Board of Directors (or a Committee
of the Board), indicates alcohol or drug abuse by the Executive; or 

(f)
The Executive s act or personal conduct that, in the judgment of the Company s Board of Directors (or a Committee of the
Board), gives rise to a material risk of liability of the Executive or the Company under federal or applicable state law for discrimination,
or sexual or other forms of harassment, or other similar liabilities to subordinate employees. 

Upon
termination of the Executive s employment by the Company for Cause, all compensation and benefits to the Executive hereunder shall
cease and the Executive shall be entitled only to payment upon the effective date of termination of any accrued but unpaid Base Salary
and unused vacation as provided in Sections 5.1 and 5.4 as of the date of such termination and any unpaid Target Bonus that may have
been awarded the Executive as provided in Section 5.2 prior to such date. 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 3 

6.2.
 Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason . The Company may also terminate the Executive s
employment without Cause upon ten days notice to the Executive and the Executive may also terminate the Executive s employment
for Good Reason (as defined below) upon ten days written notice to the Company. Upon termination of the Executive s employment
by the Company without Cause or the Executive s termination of the Executive s employment for Good Reason, all compensation
and benefits to the Executive hereunder shall cease and the Executive shall be entitled to, subject to Section 20, (1) any accrued but
unpaid Base Salary and unused vacation as of the date of such termination as required by California law, which shall be due and payable
upon the effective date of such termination, (2) any unpaid Target Bonus that may have been awarded to the Executive under Section 5.2
prior to such date, which shall be due and payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll policies and procedures or as
otherwise required by California law, (3) all of the Executive s vested stock options and other equity awards as of the date of
termination of the Executive s employment shall remain exercisable for their full term, subject to the terms of the applicable
award agreements, (4) retain and have full ownership of all electronic devices provided to the Executive (including, without limitation,
a computer, telephone, tablet and printer), provided that all the Company confidential information shall be deleted by the Company from
such devices before releasing them to the Executive, (5) a lump sum amount, which shall be due and payable within ten days following
the effective date of the Release (as defined above), equal to twelve months of the Executive s Base Salary as provided in Section
5.1 and an amount equal to the prorated portion of the Target Bonus provided in Section 5.2 for the year in which the termination occurred
based on the number of days the Executive was employed, provided, that if such termination occurs within six months prior to or within
twelve months following a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), then the amount described in this clause (5) shall be equal to
eighteen months of the Executive s Base Salary as provided in Section 5.1, and the full Target Bonus amount as provided in Section
5.2, and (6) reimbursement of the Executive and his dependents for a period of twelve months following such termination (eighteen months
if such termination occurs within six months prior to or within twelve months following a Change of Control) of all Medicare premiums
and the premiums associated with Executive s continuation of health insurance pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1986 COBRA ), as applicable, provided, that the Executive timely elects and is eligible to continue to receive
COBRA benefits (less all applicable tax withholdings), payable in accordance with the Company s usual reimbursement practices and
policies in effect from time to time. The Executive s right to the compensation and benefits provided for in clauses (5) and (6)
of this Section shall be conditioned upon the Executive having executed and delivered to the Company the Release, provided that the compensation
and benefits shall be paid or commence, as applicable, after the time period for the Executive to execute, return and revoke the Release
has expired (and if such time period begins in one taxable year and ends in a second taxable year, no payment shall be made until the
first payroll period in the second taxable year). For purposes of this Section 6.2: 

(a)
 Change of Control shall mean a change in ownership or effective control of a corporation, or a change in
the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation, as applied to the Company, within the meaning of Section
409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(5). 

(b)
 Good Reason shall mean any material breach by the Company of the terms hereof that is not corrected by the Company
within five days after written notice by the Executive to the Company, including, without limitation, (i) the assignment to the Executive
of any duties inconsistent in any respect with his position as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President (including status,
offices, titles, reporting requirements, authority, duties or responsibilities); or (ii) any failure by the Company to comply with its
compensation obligations under this Agreement. If the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, subject to the Company s
right to cure as set forth above, the termination shall take effect on the effective date of the written notice to the Company (determined
under Section 15). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Executive does not terminate his employment for Good Reason within
thirty days after the Company s failure to cure as provided herein, such condition giving rise to a Good Reason shall
no longer constitute Good Reason for the Executive to terminate his employment. 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 4 

6.3.
 Death or Disability . In the event of the Executive s death or Disability (as defined below) during the Term,
the Executive s employment shall automatically cease and terminate as of the date of the Executive s death or the effective
date of the Company s written notice to the Executive of its decision to terminate his employment by reason of his Disability,
as the case may be, and the Executive or his heirs or personal representative shall be entitled to the same payments and benefits, at
the same times, as described in Section 6.2 for a termination of employment by the Company without Cause and all of the Executive s
stock options and any other equity awards based on the Company securities held by the Executive at the time of his death or Disability
shall immediately vest in full and shall remain exercisable thereafter for their full term. In addition, the Executive or his heirs or
personal representative shall be entitled to retain and have full ownership of all electronic devices provided to the Executive (including,
without limitation, a computer, telephone and tablet); provided that all the Company confidential information shall be deleted by the
Company from such devices before releasing them to the Executive or such heirs or personal representatives. Notwithstanding the foregoing
or any provision of Section 6.2, the Company s obligation to pay the Executive the Base Salary provided in Section 6.2 for the
severance period following termination of his employment by reason of his Disability shall be subject to offset and shall be reduced
by any and all amounts paid to the Executive under any disability insurance policy paid or provided for by the Company as provided in
Section 5.5 or otherwise. The Executive s Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any policy
of disability insurance maintained by the Company (or by the Executive, as the case may be) with respect to the Executive or, if no such
policy is then in effect, shall mean the Executive s inability to fully perform his duties hereunder for any period of at least
75 consecutive days or for a total of 90 days, whether or not consecutive. 

7.
 Confidentiality . While this Agreement is in effect and for a period of five years thereafter, the Executive shall hold and keep
secret and confidential all trade secrets (within the meaning of applicable law) and other confidential or proprietary
information of the Company and shall use such information only in the course of performing the Executive s duties hereunder; provided,
however, that with respect to trade secrets, the Executive shall hold and keep secret and confidential such trade secrets for so long
as they remain trade secrets under applicable law. The Executive shall maintain in trust all such trade secrets or other confidential
or proprietary information, as the Company s property, including, but not limited to, all documents concerning the Company s
business, including the Executive s work papers, telephone directories, customer information and notes, and any and all copies
thereof in the Executive s possession or under the Executive s control. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the
Executive s employment with the Company, or upon request by the Company, the Executive shall deliver to the Company all such documents
belonging to the Company, including any and all copies in the Executive s possession or under the Executive s control. 

8.
 Equitable Remedies; Injunctive Relief . The Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that monetary damages are inadequate to fully
compensate the Company for the damages that would result from a breach or threatened breach of Section 7 of this Agreement and, accordingly,
that the Company shall be entitled to equitable remedies, including, without limitation, specific performance, temporary restraining
orders, and preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, to enforce such Section without the necessity of proving actual damages
in connection therewith. This provision shall not, however, diminish the Company s right to claim and recover damages or enforce
any other of its legal or equitable rights or defenses. 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 5 

9.
 Indemnification; Insurance . The Company and the Executive acknowledge that, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, the
Executive shall be a corporate officer of the Company and, as such, the Executive shall be entitled to indemnification to the full extent
provided by the Company to its officers, directors and agents under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws as in
effect as of the date of this Agreement. the Company shall maintain the Executive as an additional insured under its current policy of
directors and officers liability insurance and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to continue to insure the Executive thereunder,
or under any replacement policies in effect from time to time, during the Term. 

10.
 Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions is determined to be illegal
or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions, and any partially unenforceable provisions to the extent enforceable,
shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 

11.
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Company, its successors and
assigns and the Executive and his heirs and representatives; provided, that this Agreement may be assigned by the Company to a successor
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of
the Company. 

12.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and the parties
hereto have made no agreements, representations or warranties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement that are not set forth
otherwise herein. This Agreement supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, written or oral, between the Executive and
the Company relating to the subject matter hereof. Any such prior or contemporaneous agreements are hereby terminated and of no further
effect, and the Executive, by the execution hereof, agrees that any compensation provided for under any such agreements is specifically
superseded and replaced by the provisions of this Agreement. 

13.
 Amendment . No modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing and signed by the parties hereto and unless
such writing is made by an executive officer of the Company (other than the Executive). The parties hereto agree that in no event shall
an oral modification of this Agreement be enforceable or valid. 

14.
 Governing Law . This Agreement is and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without
giving effect to California s choice-of-law rules. 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 6 

15.
 Notice . All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and mailed, telecopied (in case of notice
to the Company only) or delivered by hand or by a nationally recognized courier service guaranteeing overnight delivery to a party at
the following address (or to such other address as such party may have specified by notice given to the other party pursuant to this
provision): 

If
 to the Company: 
 
 LadRx
Corporation 
 11726
San Vicente Boulevard, Suite 650 
 Los
Angeles, California 90049 
 Facsimile:
 (310) 826-5529 
 Attention:
 Chief Executive Officer 

If
 to the Executive: 

John
Caloz 
 604
NW 9 th Avenue 
 Camas,
 Washington 98607 

16.
 Survival . Sections 7 through 17 and 19 through 20 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

17.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A counterpart executed and transmitted by facsimile shall have the same force
and effect as an originally executed counterpart. 

18.
 Attorney s Fees . In any action or proceeding to construe or enforce any provision of this Agreement the prevailing party
shall be entitled to recover its or his reasonable attorneys fees and other costs of suit (up to a maximum of 15,000) in addition
to any other recoveries. 

19.
 No Interpretation of Ambiguities Against Drafting Party . This Agreement has been negotiated at arm s length between persons
knowledgeable in the matters dealt with herein. In addition, each party has been represented by experienced and knowledgeable legal counsel.
Accordingly, the parties agree that any rule of law, including, but not limited to, California Civil Code Section 1654 or any other statutes,
legal decisions, or common law principles of similar effect, that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against
the party that has drafted it, is of no application and is hereby expressly waived. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted
in a reasonable manner to effect the intentions of the parties hereto. 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 7 

20.
 Code Section 409A . 

20.1.
To the extent (a) any payments to which the Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein,
in connection with the Executive s termination of employment with the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section
409A of the Code; (b) the Executive is deemed at the time of his separation from service to be a specified employee under
Section 409A of the Code; and (c) at the time of the Executive s separation from service the Company is publicly traded (as defined
in Section 409A of Code), then such payments (other than any payments permitted by Section 409A of the Code to be paid within six months
of the Executive s separation from service) shall not be made until the earlier of (x) the first day of the seventh month following
the Executive s separation from service or (y) the date of the Executive s death following such separation from service.
Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period described in the immediately preceding sentence, any payments which would have
otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this Section 20 shall be paid to
the Executive or the Executive s beneficiary in one lump sum, plus interest thereon at the Delayed Payment Interest Rate computed
from the date on which each such delayed payment otherwise would have been made to the Executive until the date of payment. For purposes
of the foregoing, the Delayed Payment Interest Rate shall mean the national average annual rate of interest payable
on jumbo six-month bank certificates of deposit, as quoted in the business section of the most recently published Sunday edition of The
New York Times preceding the Executive s separation from service. 

20.2.
To the extent any benefits provided under Section 6.2 above are otherwise taxable to the Executive, such benefits shall, for purposes
of Section 409A of the Code, be provided as separate in-kind payments of those benefits, and the provision of in-kind benefits during
one calendar year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided in any other calendar year. 

20.3.
In the case of any amounts payable to the Executive under this Agreement, or under any plan of the Company, that may be treated as payable
in the form of a series of installment payments, as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), the Executive s
right to receive such payments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments for purposes of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). 

20.4.
It is intended that this Agreement comply with or be exempt from the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations
and guidance of general applicability issued thereunder, and in furtherance of this intent, this Agreement shall be interpreted, operated,
and administered in a manner consistent with such intent. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows.] 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

LadRx Corporation 

By: 

Jennifer
 Simpson 

Chair
 of the Board 

EXECUTIVE 

John
 Caloz 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 9 

EXHIBIT
A 

GENERAL
RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS 

This
General Release of All Claims is made as of December __, 2022 (this General Release ), by and between John Caloz
(the Executive and LadRx Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), with reference
to the following facts: 

WHEREAS,
this General Release is provided for in, and is in furtherance of, the Employment Agreement, dated as of December __, 2022, between the
Company and the Executive (the Employment Agreement ); 

WHEREAS,
the Executive desires to execute and deliver to the Company this General Release in consideration of the Company s providing the
Executive with certain severance benefits pursuant to Section 4 or Section 6.2, as applicable, of the Employment Agreement; and 

WHEREAS,
the Executive and the Company intend that this General Release shall be in full satisfaction of any and all obligations described in
this General Release owed to the Executive by the Company, except as expressly provided in this General Release. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the Executive and the Company agree
as follows: 

1.
The Executive, for himself, his spouse, heirs, administrators, children, representatives, executors, successors, assigns, and all other
persons claiming through the Executive, if any (collectively, Releasers ), does hereby release, waive, and forever
discharge the Company and each of its agents, subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, related organizations, executives, officers, directors,
attorneys, successors, and assigns (collectively, the Releasees from, and does fully waive any obligations of Releasees
to Releasers for, any and all liability, actions, charges, causes of action, obligations, demands, damages, or claims for relief, remuneration,
sums of money, accounts or expenses (including attorneys fees and costs) of any kind whatsoever, whether known or unknown or contingent
or absolute, which heretofore has been or which hereafter may be suffered or sustained, directly or indirectly, by Releasers in consequence
of, arising out of, or in any way relating to: (a) the Executive s employment with and services to the Company or any of its affiliates;
(b) the termination of the Executive s employment with and services to the Company and any of its affiliates; or (c) any event
whatsoever occurring on or prior to the date of this General Release. The foregoing release and discharge, waiver and covenant not to
sue includes, but is not limited to, all claims and any obligations or causes of action arising from such claims, under common law including,
but not limited to, wrongful or retaliatory discharge, breach of contract (including but not limited to any claims under any employment
agreement between the Executive, on the one hand, and the Company or its affiliates, on the other hand) and any action arising in tort
including, but not limited to, libel, slander, defamation or intentional infliction of emotional distress, and claims under any federal,
state or local statute including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866 and 1871 (42 U.S.C. 1981), the National Labor Relations Act, the Fair Labor Standards
Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the California
Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act or the discrimination or employment
laws of any state or municipality, and any claims under any express or implied contract which Releasers may claim existed with Releasees.
This also includes, but is not limited to, a release of any claims for wrongful discharge and all claims for alleged physical or personal
injury, emotional distress relating to or arising out of the Executive s employment with or services to the Company or any of its
affiliates or the termination of that employment or those services; and any claims under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification
Act, California Labor Code Section 1400 et seq. or any similar law, which requires, among other things, that advance notice be
given of certain work force reductions. This release and waiver does not apply to: (i) the Executive s rights to receive the compensation
and benefits provided for in clauses (1) through (2) of Section 6.2, as applicable, of the Employment Agreement; or (ii) the Executive s
rights under any stock option agreement between the Executive and the Company. 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 10 

2.
The Executive understands and agrees that he is expressly waiving all rights afforded by Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State
of California Section 1542 with respect to the Releasees. Section 1542 states as follows: 

A
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING
THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 

Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 1542, and for the purpose of implementing a full and complete release, the Executive understands and agrees
that this General Release is intended to include all claims, if any, which the Executive may have and which he does not now know or suspect
to exist in his favor against the Releasees and the Executive understands and agrees that this Agreement extinguishes those claims. 

3.
Excluded from this General Release and waiver are any claims which cannot be waived by law, including but not limited to the right to
participate in an investigation conducted by certain government agencies. The Executive, however, waives the Executive s right
to any monetary recovery should any agency (such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the California Department of Fair
Employment and Housing) pursue any claims on the Executive s behalf. The Executive represents and warrants that the Executive has
not filed any complaint, charge or lawsuit against the Releasees with any government agency or any court. 

4.
The Executive agrees never to seek personal recovery from Releasees in any forum for any claim covered by the above waiver and release
language, except that the Executive may bring a claim under the ADEA to challenge this General Release. Nothing in this General Release
is intended to reflect any party s belief that the Executive s waiver of claims under ADEA is invalid or unenforceable, it
being the intent of the parties that such claims are waived. 

5.
The Executive acknowledges and recites that: 

(a)
The Executive has executed this General Release knowingly and voluntarily; 

(b)
The Executive has read and understands this General Release in its entirety; 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 11 

(c)
The Executive acknowledges that he has been advised by his own legal counsel and has sought such other advice as he wishes with respect
to the terms of this General Release before executing it; 

(d)
The Executive s execution of this General Release has not been forced by any the Executive or agent of the Company, and the Executive
has had an opportunity to negotiate about the terms of this General Release; and 

(e)
The Executive has not sold, assigned, transferred or conveyed any claim, demand, right, action, suit, cause of action or other interest
that is the subject matter of this General Release. 

6.
This General Release shall be governed by the internal laws (and not the choice of laws) of the State of California, except for the application
of preemptive Federal law. 

7.
The Executive acknowledges that he is waiving his rights under the ADEA and the Older Worker s Benefit Protection Act and therefore,
in compliance with those statutes, acknowledges the following: 

The
Executive acknowledges that he has been provided a minimum of twenty-one calendar days after receipt of this Agreement to consider whether
to sign it; 

The
Executive acknowledges that he shall have seven days from the date he executes this General Release to revoke his waiver and release
of any ADEA claims only (but not his waiver or release hereunder of other claims) by providing written notice of the revocation to the
Company, and that, in the event of such revocation, the provisions of Section 4 or clauses (4) through (6) of Section 6.2, as applicable,
of the Employment Agreement shall thereupon become null and void and the Company shall be entitled to a return from the Executive of
all payments to the Executive pursuant to such clauses; 

The
Executive acknowledges that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under ADEA after the effective
date of this Agreement; and 

The
Executive acknowledges that the consideration given in exchange for this waiver and release Agreement is in addition to anything of value
to which he was already entitled. 

PLEASE
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS. 

Dated:
 December __, 2022 

John
 Caloz 

Caloz, J. Employment Agreement 2023 12 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

LadRx
Corporation 

Subsidiaries
(all 100 owned) 

Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 
 
 State
 or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Centurion
 BioPharma Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

LadRx
Corporation 

 Los
Angeles, California 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (File No. 333-258453), Form S-3 (File Nos.
333-255431, 333-223808, 333-208803 and 333-215252) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-249624, 333-68200, 333-93305, 333-123339, 333-163212 and
333-212934) of LadRx Corporation of our report dated March 20, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (modified for a going concern uncertainty), which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/
Weinberg Company 

Los
Angeles, California 

 March
20, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Stephen Snowdy, Chief Executive Officer of LadRx Corporation, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LadRx Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
periods covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the periods covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 STEPHEN.SNOWDY 

Dr.
 Stephen Snowdy 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
John Y. Caloz, Chief Financial Officer of LadRx Corporation, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LadRx Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
periods covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the periods covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 JOHN Y. CALOZ 

John
 Y. Caloz 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of LadRx Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that: 

(i)
the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 STEPHEN SNOWDY 

Dr.
 Stephen Snowdy 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 906), or other document
authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written
statement required by Section 906, has been provided to CytRx Corporation and will be retained by CytRx Corporation and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be
considered filed as part of the Form 10-K. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of LadRx Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that: 

(i)
the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 JOHN Y. CALOZ 

John
 Y. Caloz 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 906), or other document
authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written
statement required by Section 906, has been provided to LadRx Corporation and will be retained by LadRx Corporation and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be
considered filed as part of the Form 10-K. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ladx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ladx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ladx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ladx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

