<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1892322_0001493152-23-010249.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8511148</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>507280</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1381069</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2834529</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1594062</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1960455</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010249.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160543
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010249
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HeartCore Enterprises, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001892322
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				870913420
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41272
		FILM NUMBER:		23787545

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1-2-33, HIGASHIGOTANDA,
		STREET 2:		SHINAGAWA-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			1410022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-695-2583

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		848 JORDAN AVE. APT G
		CITY:			LOS ALTOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010249.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______, 20 ____, to ______, 20_____. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,
 , 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

, ext. 100 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

N/A 
 
 (Title
 of class) 

N/A 
 
 (Title
 of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates based upon the closing price of 2.37 per share
of common stock as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was
 . 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and
outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 32 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 65 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 65 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 65 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 65 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 65 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 67 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 67 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 80 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 80 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 80 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 80 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 81 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 81 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 87 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 98 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 100 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 101 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 102 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 102 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
of the statements contained in this annual report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

the
 level of demand for our products and services; 

competition
 in our markets; 

our
 ability to grow and manage growth profitably; 

our
 ability to access additional capital; 

changes
 in applicable laws or regulations; 

our
 ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

the
 possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and 

other
 risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the captions Business, Risk Factors, and Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

This
Business section, along with other sections of this annual report on Form 10-K, includes statistical and other industry and market
data that we obtained from industry publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications
and third-party research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to
be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe that these industry
publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, we have not independently verified such data and we do not
make any representation as to the accuracy of the information. Unless the context otherwise requires, HeartCore, 
 we, us, our, or the Company refers to HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. and its
consolidated subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, HeartCore Co., Ltd. HeartCore Co. ), HeartCore Capital
Advisors, Inc. HeartCore Capital Advisors ), HeartCore Financial, Inc. (HeartCore Financial ), and Sigmaways,
Inc. Sigmaways ). HeartCore Financial was incorporated in January 2023. HeartCore Capital Advisors was
incorporated in February 2023. The acquisition of Sigmaways was closed in February 2023. 

Overview 

We
are a leading software development company based in Tokyo, Japan. We provide software through two business units. The first business
unit includes a customer experience management business that has been in existence for 12 years. Our CXM Platform includes marketing,
sales, service and content management systems, as well as other tools and integrations, that enable companies to attract and engage customers
throughout the customer experience. We also provide education, services and support to help customers be successful with our CXM Platform. 

The
second business unit is a digital transformation business which provides customers with robotics process automation, process mining and
task mining to accelerate the digital transformation of enterprises. We also have an ongoing technology innovation team to develop software
that supports the narrow needs of large enterprise customers. 

We
have made significant investments in our sales and marketing efforts globally. As of December 31, 2022, our sales and marketing organization
was comprised of 14 employees including our field sales organization, which maintains a physical sales presence in the Japanese software
market. Using our go-to-market strategy, we believe we have made significant contributions in Japan and have established a diversified
revenue and customer base. As of December 31, 2022, our combined business units (customer experience management business unit and digital
transformation business unit) had 903 total customers in Japan, of which 645, or 71.4 , were paying customers, and 24 total customers
outside Japan, of which 2, or 0.2 , was a paying customer. Our 280 non-paying customers were originally paying customers that utilized
our paid services but now use a free version of the CXM Platform. There is the potential for non-paying customers to become paying customers
again if and when they start utilizing our paid services again. 

On September 6, 2022, HeartCore
Enterprises, Inc. entered into a share exchange and purchase agreement Sigmaways Agreement to acquire 51 of the outstanding
shares of Sigmaways, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of California and is engaged in the business of developing and
sales of software in the United States. The acquisition closed on February 1, 2023. 

During 2022, we started the GO IPO business,
which supports Japanese companies to list on Nasdaq and NYSE in the United States. As of March 30, 2023, we have entered into consulting agreements with nine companies to assist
them in their IPO process, whereby we are entitled to receive from each company a consulting fee ranges from 350,000 to 900,000 and
warrants or Japanese acquisition rights to purchase one to four percent of the fully-diluted share capital of such companies that is exercisable
on certain dates at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The revenue in the GO IPO business helped to offset the decline in sales in
the CX and DX divisions. In the first quarter of 2023, we formed HeartCore Financial and HeartCore Capital Advisors as
a part of our Go IPO consulting business. 

Industry
Overview 

Customer
Experience Management Business 

Companies
must manage a huge amount of content, collaborate with other kinds of business processes, and build infrastructure to fulfill customers 
needs. To make it happen, companies need a content management system that allows easy implementation of a wide range of features including
content creation, analysis, search capability and access controls into their websites, and enables them to deliver and receive content
at the best time responding market changes. A customer experience management system is also becoming essential for companies to manage
customers and deliver personalized content based on the users behavior, device, location and context. A customer experience management
system is also required to analyze big data to deliver even the subconscious wants and needs of customers. Furthermore, these capabilities
are not supposed to be limited to general websites but also to various kinds of services such as E-commerce, smartphone sites, smartphone
apps, social networking services, blogs, and digital signage. Content management systems and customer experience management systems need
to provide rich features to fill the new generation of customers needs. 

4 

Digital
Transformation Business 

RPA
is a technology that allows automation for a defined set of tasks. RPA robots can emulate most human-computer interactions to carry out
error-free tasks at high volume and speed. Some common tasks RPA can do include: (i) invoice processing; (ii) process sales orders; (iii)
account reconciliation; (iv) enterprise resource planning data entry for core processes such as finance, human resources, manufacturing,
supply chain, services, and procurement; (v) employee onboarding; (vi) payroll; and (vii) data queries. 

As
companies have strived to automate, it has become more and more challenging to identify RPA opportunities. This has included uncovering
processes that would be good candidates for automation and having fundamental metrics about those processes (via task mining and process
mining technology) at their disposal like utilization and the specific steps in the process if it is not already documented 
to aid them in their decision. 

Task
mining is a technology that enables organizations to discover, understand, and analyze the tasks employees perform as they relate to
completing larger processes. Task mining software works by monitoring the actions users take. A recorder is installed on an employee s
computer to capture their interactions in the different applications they use, recording data like keystrokes, clicks, data entry, etc.,
to uncover how tasks are completed within the organization. The purpose of using task mining software is to discover and understand the
tasks employees are performing. The ultimate objective is to find ways to improve how those tasks are carried out or automate them to
increase operational efficiency, reduce errors, and improve employee engagement. 

Process
mining is a technology that investigates the mountains of data in enterprise event logs to discover and present end-to-end processes
that the organization is performing to complete work. Event logs are essentially banks of data that store different information. The
benefit of process mining software is that it presents the process it successfully mined, along with the process variants and
suggestions on how to optimize and improve that process. Like task mining, the most common use case for adopting process mining technology
is to improve processes, with the ideal goal of automating them for all the benefits and returns that come with automation, like improved
customer and employee experiences. 

Industry
Characteristics 

Explosive
Growth of Cloud-Based Applications Creating a New Era of IT Complexity. Businesses around the world are spending hundreds of billions
of dollars to adopt applications that help advance digital transformation and drive competitive advantages. With the proliferation of
cloud technologies and SaaS, traditional software suites have been disaggregated into point solutions. For example, human capital management
software has been segregated across recruiting, payroll, benefits administration, and other key business functions. As a result, enterprises
have transitioned from managing a handful of multi-purpose, largely on-premises applications to managing hundreds and even thousands
of specialized point solutions deployed across on-premises, cloud, and hybrid environments. According to the Wall Street Journal, in
2019 the number of software applications deployed by large firms across all industries worldwide had increased by approximately 70 over
the previous four years. These applications, which were generally not designed for interoperability, run in tandem with long-running,
legacy technologies. The increasing volume of applications has a compounding effect on the complexity of business processes and the IT
environments that support them. 

The
Benefits of Digital Transformation Have Yet to Make Their Way to the Workforce. Modern enterprise applications enable deep and nuanced
functionalities, such as conducting personalized marketing campaigns, predictive service delivery, and real time visibility of goods
movement across the supply chain. However, despite massive functional advancement, the true promise and potential of digital transformation reallocating
human capital towards cognitive, higher-value activities remains elusive, which is limiting improvements in productivity. For example,
in the United States, non-farm real output per hour grew 31 during the decade ended December 31, 2009, but only 13 in the subsequent
decade ended December 31, 2019. 

Individual
Business Processes Rely on Multiple Business Applications, and Workers to Orchestrate Them. While specialized applications deliver
extensive functionality, they do not account for the full spectrum of how work gets done. The proliferation of specialized applications
has resulted in humans being the connective tissue in an enterprise, working across a wide range of applications that individually are
not built to address the needs of the actual processes they are supporting. As a result, activities performed by many workers today are
still manual, mundane, and administrative tasks, limiting workers from focusing on higher-value activities that can directly improve
business performance. 

5 

Automation
is the New Frontier of Competitive Differentiation . Enterprises are demanding a new approach to unify, tailor, and run applications
without significant IT resources or changes to existing infrastructure. Automation enables organizations to design and optimize business
processes to improve productivity and business performance. Additionally, automation solutions that can accurately and consistently emulate
human behavior can work within existing business processes in a way that traditional applications cannot. This allows businesses to harness
the power of specialized applications in a differentiated manner. With the ability to emulate human behavior, this new approach to automation
is disrupting traditional automation and transforming data-processing work by allowing customers to find efficiencies without materially
changing business processes and supporting infrastructure. 

Empowering
Workers to Automate their Personal Workflows is Leading to a Democratization of Automation. The emerging workforce is graduating
with increasingly advanced technical skills and training in automation. Individuals are entering the workforce with higher expectations
related to job impact, satisfaction, and efficiency, and view software as a driving force in realizing those expectations. As a result,
organizations are looking to empower workers with tools to optimize the more tedious parts of their jobs. The combination of technology
that can emulate human behavior and a workforce with the knowledge and tools to create their own automations has enabled enterprises
to begin to automate a significant number of use cases, from individual tasks to enterprise-wide processes. 

Cost
of Skilled Human Capital is Accelerating the Evolution Towards the Fully Automated Enterprise. The cost of skilled human capital
continues to rise due to growing demand. We believe it is increasingly imperative for enterprises to leverage automation to liberate
workers from menial, repetitive, and less productive tasks and to better utilize the positive qualities that only humans have, such as
abstract thinking, making connections, dealing with ambiguity, creativity, innovation, passion, and community engagement. We believe
this will drive business value and greater employee engagement. According to a 2020 Gallup study, business units with highly engaged
employees are more present and productive; more attuned to the needs of customers; and more observant of processes, standards, and systems.
When taken together, the behaviors of highly engaged business units result in 21 greater profitability. 

Limitations
of Existing Offerings 

A
number of technology companies have attempted to address the automation needs of organizations through the application of business process
management, application development software offerings, RPA tools, and AI point offerings, as well as other horizontal software applications.
However, these existing offerings are challenged by a number of inherent limitations, including: 

Lack
of An End-to-End Software. Many existing automation software offerings are point technologies and cannot offer end-to-end automation
capabilities on an integrated software. 

Not
Capable of Emulating Human Behavior, Relying too Heavily on APIs. Many existing offerings do not effectively integrate AI computer
vision and machine learning ML capabilities needed to accurately identify and emulate human actions in conjunction with
APIs. Without these capabilities, organizations are limited to pursuing automation only within the narrow pathways permitted by existing
APIs. Even when applications have an API, the functionality provided often does not fully capture what is required to conduct the business
process. As the scope of a task or process expands from a single, discrete action to a sequence of multiple steps and sub-processes,
the limitation in scope and complexity of supported API actions becomes more of an impediment to fully emulating the process. This frequently
prevents this work from being truly automated solely through APIs alone. Bringing APIs together with an emulative approach made possible
by AI computer vision and machine learning greatly expands the use cases for automation. 

Inability
to Automate Across Applications. While business processes typically involve multiple applications, many existing automation capabilities
are built into specific applications and are limited in their ability to automate business processes across multiple applications. Accordingly,
we believe enterprises build inefficient business processes to compensate for limited cross-functional automation capabilities. 

6 

Difficult
to Link AI Capabilities to Execution. AI and ML AI/ML capabilities are needed to automate cognitive, high-value tasks.
In recent years, enterprises have made significant investments in developing AI/ML models. However, it is difficult to leverage these
models as the environments for developing them, typically used by data scientists, are distinct from the environments where processes
are carried out, typically by employees using enterprise applications. This separation of environments limits the ability of an organization
to deploy models that are necessary to automate complex processes. 

Need
to Change an Enterprise s Underlying Infrastructure. Existing offerings generally are unable to emulate the human s role
in executing a business process, requiring organizations to make significant changes either to their applications and infrastructure
or to the business processes themselves. The costs associated with changing underlying infrastructure and business processes make it
uneconomical to automate anything outside of narrowly defined, high-volume tasks. 

Unable
to Realize Full Value of Automation Throughout an Organization. Existing solutions do not typically make automations accessible to
everyone within the organization as they are often built with non-intuitive user interfaces and code heavy technology stacks. These solutions
are too technical for most knowledge workers, limiting their application to a small number of use cases and users with significant developer
experience. Existing solutions also frequently require additional time and resources to enable the resulting automation to be used by
non-technical workers or to adapt the automation to nonstandard circumstances and environments. 

Lack
Governance Capabilities at Scale. Existing offerings do not typically offer centralized, secure governance capabilities to enforce,
manage, and deploy organizational development standards. 

Difficult
to Deploy. We believe existing automation solutions generally require complicated, invasive implementation processes that, in turn,
require extensive upfront and ongoing training and time commitment. This makes it difficult to build and maintain automations, resulting
in the persistence of manual processes throughout enterprises. 

Lack
of Openness and Interoperability. Many existing solutions are not modular and lack the ability to integrate new, third-party technologies
and operate with customized applications. Enterprises using these solutions are locked into a limited set of proprietary options not
built for the future. 

Lack
of an Engaged Community of Automation Developers . Many existing automation vendors do not have open software and have not invested
the time and resources required to cultivate a vibrant ecosystem of automation developers that freely exchange innovations and best practices. 

Addressable
Market 

Our
software addresses the market for intelligent process automation, which, in February 2021, International Data Corporation estimates to
grow at a five-year compound annual growth rate of approximately 18.4 to 37.9 billion by the end of 2024. However, we believe that
this does not fully encompass the opportunity associated with our vision of the fully automated enterprise. 

According
to an estimate by Bain Company in the report Beyond Cost Savings: Reinventing Business Through Automation , the expansion
of automation software by incorporating broader capabilities and technologies has increased the size of the addressable market for automation
software to approximately 65 billion. 

The
size of our addressable market opportunity is underpinned by the substantial amount of business processes that could be improved through
automation but are not currently automated. According to Forbes, there are more than 1 billion knowledge workers globally as of December
10, 2020. We expect our estimated global market opportunity will continue to expand as customers increase the size of their business
units and hire additional employees, resulting in a greater number of users and processes that can benefit from automation throughout
these enterprises. Additionally, we believe that we are unlocking a myriad of still unexplored automation possibilities as we continue
to contribute to this market. We believe those possibilities represent a significant greenfield opportunity for us. 

7 

Organizations
across the world are only beginning to understand the power of automation and we believe we are at the forefront of a revolution in the
way that people do work. We believe that the opportunity that lies ahead of us is largely untapped and has the potential to be one of
the largest ever in enterprise software. 

Our
CXM Platform 

Our
CXM Platform includes marketing, sales, service and content management systems, as well as other tools and integrations, that enable
companies to attract and engage customers throughout the customer experience. We also provide education, services and support to help
customers be successful with our CXM Platform. 

We
focus on selling our CXM Platform to mid-market business-to-business companies, which we define as companies that have between 100 and
5,000 employees. We sell our CXM Platform on a subscription basis. As of December 31, 2022, our combined business units (customer experience
management business unit and digital transformation business unit) had 903 total customers in Japan, of which 645, or 71.4 , were paying
customers and 24 total customers outside Japan, of which 2, or 0.2 , was a paying customer. Our 280 non-paying customers were originally
paying customers that utilized our paid services but now use a free version of the CXM Platform. There is the potential for non-paying
customers to become paying customers again if and when they start utilizing our paid services again. 

Advantages
of our CXM Platform 

Our
CXM Platform features a central database of lead and customer interactions and integrated applications designed to help businesses attract
visitors to their websites, convert visitors into leads, close leads into customers, and fulfill the needs of customers so they become
promoters of those businesses. 

Designed
to Help Companies Grow Better . Our CXM Platform was architected from the ground up to enable businesses to transform their marketing,
sales, services, and content management playbook to meet the demands of customers today. Our CXM Platform includes both a system of record
for maintaining a unified view of the customer experience and a system of engagement for efficiently engaging customers through search
engine optimization, web content, social, blogging, email, marketing automation, messaging, support ticketing, knowledge base and more.
And it is also easy to integrate with customer data platforms. 

Ease
of Use of a Single, Extensible Platform . We provide a set of integrated applications on a common platform, which offers businesses
ease of use and simplicity. Our CXM Platform has one login, one user interface, one database, and one team for support. Our CXM Platform
starts free and grows with our customers. It is designed to scale its power and technical sophistication without losing its ease-of-use.
In addition to being a comprehensive suite itself, our CXM Platform seamlessly integrates with external applications, making it easy
to extend the functionality of our CXM Platform and customize it for any business. 

Power
of a Unified Customer View . At the core of our CXM Platform is a single customer experience management database for each business
that captures its lead and customer activity throughout the customer lifecycle. Our CXM Platform creates a unified timeline incorporating
all the interactions with a particular customer. In contrast to many customer experience management system suites which are cobbled together,
we have a set of core functionalities, including reporting, content, messaging, data, and automation, which runs across our product lines,
which we refer to as functions. 

Scalability .
Our CXM Platform was designed and built to serve a large number of customers with demanding use cases. Our CXM Platform currently processes
billions of data points each week, and we use leading global cloud infrastructure providers and our own automation technology to dynamically
allocate capacity to handle processing workloads of all sizes. We have built our CXM Platform on modern, scalable distributed technologies.
We built the infrastructure to support hundreds of microservices and can easily add new features and capabilities to the CXM Platform.
We utilize a variety of open-source distributed systems including customer data platform and consent management platform to scale our
data collection and processing. Our scalability gives us flexibility for future growth and enables us to service a large variety of businesses
of different sizes across different industries. 

8 

Extensible
and Open Architecture . Our CXM Platform features a variety of open APIs that allow easy integration of our platform with other
applications. We enable our customers to connect our platform to their other applications, such as ecommerce, event management and videoconferencing
applications. By connecting third-party applications, our customers can leverage our centralized inbound database to perform additional
functions and analysis. 

CXM
Platform Functions 

Our
CXM Platform features integrated applications and tools that enable companies to create a cohesive and adaptable customer experience.
Each function can be used standalone or in conjunction with the other functions. Our functions are available in both free and paid tiers
(i.e., Starter, Professional and Enterprise) with gradually increasing levels of functionality that support the needs of our customers
as they see success with our tools and their businesses grow. 

Customer
Experience Management . The core of our CXM Platform is a single database of lead and customer information that allows businesses
to track their interactions with contacts and customers, manage their sales activities, and report on their pipeline and sales. This
allows a complete view of lead and customer interactions across all of our integrated functions, giving our CXM Platform substantial
power. This integration makes it possible to personalize every aspect of the customer interaction across web content, social media engagement,
and email messages across devices, including mobile. The integrated functions on our CXM Platform have a common user interface and are
accessed through a single login. There is a free version of our CXM Platform that can be used standalone, or with any combination of
content management systems function, marketing function, sales function, and/or service function. 

Marketing
Function . The marketing function is an all-in-one toolset for marketers to attract, engage, and nurture new leads towards sales
readiness over the entire customer lifecycle. The marketing function is available in both free and paid tiers, and can be used standalone,
with our customer experience management system, a third party customer experience management system, and/or any version of content management
systems function, sales function or service function. Features include marketing automation and email, social media, search engine optimization,
and reporting and analytics. 

Sales
Function . We designed the sales function to enhance the productivity and effectiveness of sales teams. Businesses can empower
their teams with tools that deliver a personalized experience for prospects with less work for sales representatives. The sales function
is available in both free and paid tiers, and can be used with our customer experience management system, a third party customer experience
management system, and/or any version of marketing function, content management system function or service function. Features include
email templates and tracking, conversations and live chat, meeting and call scheduling, lead and website visit alerts, sales automation,
and lead scoring. 

Service
Function . The service function is our customer service software that is designed to help businesses manage and connect with customers.
The service function is available in free and paid tiers, and can be used standalone, with our customer experience management system,
a third party customer experience management system, and/or any version of marketing function, content management system function or
sales function. Features include tickets and help desk, automation and routing, knowledge base, team emails, feedback and reporting tools,
and set customer goals. 

Content
Management System Function . Our content management system function combines the power of customer experience management and a
content management system into one integrated platform. Our content tools enable businesses to create new and edit existing web content
while also personalizing their websites for different visitors and optimizing their websites to convert more visitors into leads and
customers. Our content management system function can be purchased as a standalone product, with our customer experience management system,
a third party customer experience management system, and/or with any version of marketing function, sales function, or service function.
Features include manage website pages, business blogging, smart content, landing pages and forms, search engine optimization tools, forms
and lead flow, web analytics reporting, calls-to-action, and digital asset management and product information management file manager. 

9 

Platform
Application App Partners . Businesses that use software outside of our software can leverage our ecosystem of
third-party integrations. We make it easy to find and install new or existing software solutions that complement our CXM Platform. Over
20 integrations and applications are available for our users, across a wide range of categories, including integrations with leading
social media, email, sales, video, analytics, content and webinar tools. 

CXM
Platform Services 

We
complement our product offerings with professional services, customer success and support, which we view as critical elements of ensuring
the long-term retention of our customers. The majority of our services and support is offered over email, phone, chat applications and
via web meeting technology rather than in-person, which is a more efficient business model for us and our customers. 

Professional
Services . We offer professional services to educate and train customers on how to leverage our CXM Platform to transform how
their business attracts, engages and delights customers. Depending on which functions and services a customer purchases, they receive
one-on-one training and guidance from one of our onboarding or technical specialists by web meeting and can purchase additional group
training and education in online or in-person classes. Our professional services are also available to customers who need additional
assistance on a one-time or ongoing basis for an additional fee. 

Customer
Success . Our customers have access to a customer success manager or customer success team which are responsible for our customers 
long term success, retention and growth on the CXM Platform. Our customer success managers and customer success teams address the unique
needs and goals of our customers through a series of ongoing interactions and strategy calls on how to best engage and use our CXM Platform. 

Support .
In addition to assistance provided by our online articles and customer discussion forums, we offer phone and/or email and chat-based
support, which is included in the cost of a subscription for our Hubs. Phone support is available starting at the Professional product
level for all functions while email and chat-based support is available for Starter functions. We strive to maintain an exceptional quality
of customer service. We continuously monitor key customer service metrics such as ticket resolution rates, and we monitor the customer
satisfaction of our customer support interactions. We believe our customer support is an important reason why businesses choose our CXM
Platform and recommend it to their colleagues. 

CXM
Platform Technology 

Our
customers have chosen us as their CXM Platform, which we architected and built to be secure, highly distributed and highly scalable.
Since our founding, we have embraced rapid, iterative product development lifecycles, cloud automation and open-source technologies,
including big data platforms, to power marketing, sales, service, and content management programs and provide insights not previously
possible or available. 

Our
CXM Platform is a multi-tenant, single code-based, globally available software-as-a-service delivered through APIs, web browsers or mobile
applications. Our commitment to a highly available, reliable, and scalable platform for businesses of all sizes is accomplished through
the use of these technologies. 

Platform
Approach . We built our customer experience management system on a single platform with reusable and composable libraries, allowing
us to rapidly address new feature areas and bring new products to market that have a consistent user experience and data model. We have
built this platform with scale in mind, supporting thousands of components including hundreds of microservices. 

Modern
Database Architecture . We process billions of data points weekly across various channels, including social media, email, search
engine optimization and website visits, and continue to drive nearly real-time analytics across these channels. This is possible because
we built our database from the ground up using distributed big data technologies such as content delivery network, Edge computing and
customer data platform to both process and analyze the large amounts of data we collect. We also utilize cloud environment to operate
customer data at scale, allowing our engineers to choose the best datastore for each task. 

10 

Agility .
Our infrastructure and development and software release processes allow us to update our platform for specific groups of customers or
our entire customer base at any time. This means we can rapidly innovate and deliver new functionality frequently, without waiting for
quarterly or annual release cycles. We typically make a significant number of customer data updates to our software platform in a single
day, enabling us to gather immediate customer feedback and improve our product quickly and continuously. 

Cost
Leverage . Because our CXM Platform was built on an almost exclusive footprint of open-source software, own developed source code
and designed to operate in cloud-based data centers, we have benefited from large-scale price reductions by these cloud computing service
providers as they continue to innovate and compete for market share. As our processing volume continues to grow, we continue to receive
larger volume discounts on a per-unit basis for costs such as storage, bandwidth and computing capacity. We also believe that our extensive
use of open-source software will provide additional leverage as we scale our CXM Platform and infrastructure. 

Scalability .
By leveraging leading cloud infrastructure providers along with our automated technology stack, we are able to scale workloads of varying
sizes at any time. This allows us to handle customers of all sizes and demands without traditional operational limitations such as network
bandwidth, computing cycles, or storage capacity as we can scale our platform on-demand. 

Reliability .
Customer data is distributed and processed across multiple data centers within a region to provide redundancy. We built our CXM Platform
on a distributed computing architecture with reduced single points of failure and we operate across data center boundaries daily. In
addition to datacenter level redundancy, this architecture supports multiple live copies of each data set along with snapshot capabilities
for faster, point-in-time data recovery instead of traditional backup and restore methodologies. 

Security .
We leverage industry standard network and perimeter defense technologies, distributed denial-of-service, protection systems (including
web application firewalls) and enterprise grade domain name system services across multiple vendors. Our data-center providers operate
and certify to high industry compliance levels. Due to the broad footprint of our customer base, we regularly test and evaluate our platform
with trusted third-party vendors to ensure the security and integrity of our services. 

Digital
Transformation Solutions 

Our
mission is to unlock human creativity and ingenuity by enabling the fully automated enterprise and empowering workers through automation. 

The
modern enterprise is complex as employees must navigate an ever-increasing number of systems and applications to perform their day-to-day
work. This dynamic forces workers to constantly execute manual, time-consuming, and repetitive tasks to get their work done. The friction
faced by workers often results in lost productivity that can have a direct impact on a company s bottom line. Traditional automation
solutions intended to reduce this friction have generally been designed to be used by developers and engineers, rather than the employees
directly involved in executing the actual work being automated. As a result, employees are limited by the lack of flexibility of these
traditional automation technologies causing employee productivity, innovation, and satisfaction to suffer. 

Our
software is designed to transform the way humans work. We provide our customers with a robust set of capabilities to discover automation
opportunities and build, manage, run, engage, measure, and govern automations across departments within an organization. Our software
leverages the power of AI based computer vision to enable our software robots to perform a vast array of actions as a human would when
executing business processes. These actions include, but are not limited to, logging into applications, extracting information from documents,
moving folders, filling in forms, and updating information fields and databases. Our robots ability to learn from and replicate
workers steps in executing business processes drives continuous improvements in operational efficiencies and enables companies
to deliver on key digital initiatives with greater speed, agility, and accuracy. 

Our
software is designed to interact with and automate processes across a company s existing enterprise stack. As a result, our customers
can leverage the power of our software with lower overall IT infrastructure cost. Our software enables employees to quickly build automations
for both existing and new processes. Employees can seamlessly maintain and scale automations across multiple deployment options, constantly
improve and evolve automations, and continuously track and measure the performance of automations, all without substantial technical
experience. 

11 

At
the core of our automation software is a set of capabilities that emulates human behavior, which provides our customers with the ability
to automate both simple and complex use cases. Automations on our software can be built, consumed, managed, and governed by any employee
who interacts with computers, resulting in the potential for broad applicability of our software across departments within an organization.
Society is at a turning point in how organizations execute work, and we believe the ability to leverage software to enrich the employee
experience will unlock tremendous value and efficiency opportunities. While we are still in the early days of a multi-year journey to
the fully automated enterprise, momentum is growing as organizations across the world are only now beginning to understand the power
of automation. 

Many
of our customers expand the scope and size of use cases of our software across their organizations as they quickly realize the power
of our software. We believe that the success of our land-and-expand business model is centered on our ability to deliver significant
value in a very short time. We grow with our customers as they identify and expand the number of business processes to automate, which
increases the number of robots deployed and the number of users interacting with our robots. 

Advantages
of our Solutions 

Our
mission is to be at the forefront of innovation and thought leadership in enterprise business automation, analyzing enterprise users 
desktops and mission-critical systems, and creating end-to-end software that provides business automation based on the results of that
analysis and further simulating the numbers. We create end-to-end software that provides business automation. Our software uses a combination
of RPA, task mining, and process mining to remove pain points in business operations, allowing software robots to emulate human behavior
and perform specific business processes, thereby eliminating the need for employees to perform specific manual or routine tasks. This
allows employees to focus on higher value-added tasks, and also allows them to seamlessly automate business processes, from legacy IT
systems and on-premise applications to new cloud-native infrastructure and applications, without making significant changes to the organization s
underlying technology infrastructure. It can seamlessly automate business processes. Our software enables you to automate legacy mission-critical
systems as well as work without desktops, and automate across multiple applications where no APIs exist. It is also intended to be used
by employees within an enterprise, and supports a variety of use cases, from simple tasks to complex business processes over time. 

Key
Benefits to Organizations 

Our
software is built to help companies run their operations in a fully automated manner. Our solutions are designed to remove the friction
that exists between employees and departments by increasing operational transparency, fostering collaboration between departments, and
allowing people to focus on the work that matters. In addition, companies can deploy highly customized robots to support agile and fast
automation creation, while reducing the overall cost of their IT infrastructure. Our goal is to shorten the time to value creation, increase
efficiency, and drive innovation. Our software delivers the following key benefits to enterprises: 

Empower
Customers to Achieve Digital Transformation . Our software makes it fast and easy to drive digital transformation, which is typically
time-consuming. Companies use our solutions to continuously discover and automate both simple tasks and complex business processes to
increase operational efficiency and digital transformation. Our software reduces the time it takes for people to complete tasks from
days and hours to minutes and seconds, allowing employees to focus on more creative, mission-critical, and innovative work. As a result,
our software helps companies accelerate innovation, improve productivity, create competitive differentiation, and enrich the employee
and customer experience. We help companies achieve true digital transformation. 

12 

Build
Business Resiliency and Agility into Digital Business Operations . Our software provides our customers with the flexibility they need
to operate under ever-changing conditions. A company s operations change over time. If companies have to modify their robots each
time a change occurs, true efficiency will not be achieved. Our software robots are not only capable of performing tasks just like humans,
but they can also keep changing as the business changes. Our robots can be deployed manned, unmanned, desktop, server-side, or hybrid,
and can adjust seamlessly as conditions change. If necessary, they can also utilize spare resources in the enterprise (such as desktops
at midnight) to perform time-consuming tasks and processes. Our software provides our customers with the ability to have a virtually
unlimited digital workforce that operates 24/7, resulting in a more efficient and less error-prone digital workflow. 

Fast
Time-to-Value . We believe that our solutions provide companies with an immediate return on investment. Our software can be easily
installed on any operating system, or company. It is also designed to be intuitive, minimizing the need for time-consuming and costly
implementation and training. With automatic recording and playback capabilities, workers can create robots by simply performing routine
tasks. Our simulation feature also allows us to verify the efficiency of the automation before it goes live and measure its effectiveness.
By using our software, customers can reap significant benefits such as improved costs and increased worker productivity. 

Organization-Wide
Automation . Powerful, easy-to-use software allows workers across an enterprise organization to automate their work. Our software
is designed to automate any business process or task, from individual desktop tasks to complex mission-critical business processes for
departments across the enterprise. It also provides development software that does not require technical skills, allowing any employee
in the organization to spread the automation. This will help spread automation throughout the organization as employees across departments
and job functions use our technology to improve their performance. 

Inspect,
improve, and analyze business execution. Our solutions provide visibility into how work is actually being done in the enterprise,
enabling our customers to understand, identify, and execute automation opportunities on an ongoing basis. For example, if there is duplication
of work between multiple departments, you can choose to automate one of them but not the other. This allows us to optimize the automation.
Our solution leverages advanced process discovery techniques and ML models from actual log data to understand individual patterns for
executing work and address bottlenecks and inefficiencies. It is a very powerful solution that can optimize the entire company. 

Improve
Employee Productivity, Experience, and Satisfaction . By using our solutions, companies can achieve true digital transformation and
establish a better work environment for their workers. With our software, enterprise workers will be able to automate tasks that can
be used and operated efficiently and automate time-consuming manual tasks. We believe that this will improve the overall experience of
our customers employees and allow them to focus on developing higher value-added skill sets. As a result, our clients will be
able to retain a high-value, engaged workforce that is capable of delivering optimal business results. 

Improve
Accuracy and Compliance with Speed . Operations automated by our software are designed to be performed consistently as designed, allowing
companies to achieve greater accuracy. For example, a sudden change in the user interface of a website will not affect the execution
of the robot. It is very highly adaptive and is designed to eliminate human errors and inconsistencies that are common to workers who
do their work manually. The work performed by the robot generates a log that can be reviewed and monitored at any time, allowing administrators
to better control and comply with the work. 

Enhance
Customer Experiences . Companies can use our robots to solve known problems faster and more efficiently. We can also identify potential
problems and help solve them. Business is always changing, and our software allows employees to focus on addressing critical customer
issues and concerns, rather than performing repetitive, routine, and low-value tasks. Our robots improve the overall speed, accuracy,
and effectiveness of a company s customer service, increasing customer retention and loyalty. 

13 

Key
Benefits to Employees 

Our
software is designed to eliminate the need for employees to execute low-value, manual tasks, freeing up time to focus on more meaningful,
strategic work. We believe that this, in turn, causes employees to feel empowered and be more valuable in contributing to broader organizational
goals. Robotics Engineer is one of the fastest emerging job roles globally, with LinkedIn reporting a 40 compound annual
growth rate in job postings from 2015 to 2019. According to a survey conducted by International Data Corporation, 53 of respondents
indicated that AI and robotics would have a positive impact on jobs in their companies. Additionally, according to a survey published
in UiPath, Inc. s 2020 State of the RPA Developer Report, 84 of respondents believe that having RPA skills would
positively impact their future career moves. 

We
believe the democratization of automation leads to the following benefits tied to an improved employee experience: 

greater
 professional fulfillment and job satisfaction; 

increased
 creativity and innovation; 

improved
 performance and accuracy; 

enhanced
 skillsets; 

increased
 autonomy and job opportunities; and 

more
 collaboration and better human interactions. 

Our
Digital Transformation Software 

Our
software is purpose-built to advance the next generation of automation. By addressing the complete lifecycle of automation, including
identifying specific tasks and processes to automate, building and managing automation software robots, deploying them to execute processes,
and measuring their business impact, our software is intended to address a wide and diverse array of automation opportunities, including
complex, long-running workflows. We believe our software delivers compelling ease-of-use and intuitive user experiences through our low-code
development environment and seamlessly integrates with an ever-expanding ecosystem of third-party technologies and enterprise applications
without changing the existing infrastructure of an organization. In doing all of this, we enable businesses to redefine the relationship
between enterprise applications and business processes. 

Our
software encapsulates seven modular product pillars that together address the automation lifecycle within an enterprise: 

Robot
 Automation Portal . Our RPA and Robot Automation Portal products combine AI with desktop recording, back-end mining of both
 human activity and system logs, and intuitive visualization tools, enabling users to discover, analyze, and identify unique processes
 to automate in a centralized portal. 

Recorder .
 Our RPA products are low-code or no-code development environments with easy-to-use, drag-and-drop functionality that users in an
 organization can learn to use to create attended and unattended automations without any prior knowledge of coding. 

Object-Oriented .
 The products in our automation category offer centralized tools designed to securely and resiliently manage, test, and deploy automations
 and ML models across the entire enterprise, with seamless access, enterprise-grade security, and endless scalability of data. 

Orchestration .
 With our RPA products, an enterprise can deploy our robots in highly immersive attended experiences or in standalone, unattended
 modes behind the scenes, and can leverage hundreds of native connectors built for commonly used line-of-business applications. 

GUI
 and CUI interface . With our RPA products, there are multiple ways for users to remain connected and interact with robots,
 whether they are running in a data center, in the cloud, or right on their desktop. This capability allows our customers to manage
 long running processes that orchestrate work between robots and humans. 

Monitoring .
 Our RPA products enable users to track, measure, and forecast the performance of automation in their enterprise. 

Governance .
 We offer powerful, centralized governance capabilities designed to help businesses ensure compliance with business standards. 

14 

Our
software is powered by the following key differentiating elements that are necessary for end-to-end automation within today s enterprise: 

AI
 Computer Vision . Our robots are powered by a multi-pronged approach, combining proprietary computer vision technology that
 uses highly-trained AI with technical introspection of visual hierarchy to dynamically recognize and interact with constantly changing
 elements of on-screen documents, images, and applications. 

Document
 Understanding . We combine our proprietary computer vision technology with optical character recognition, natural language
 processing, and a variety of ML technologies to classify and extract data from unstructured, semi-structured, and structured documents
 and images, handwriting, and scans. 

Low-Code
 Development Experiences . Our software is built to be intuitive and easy to use with low-code, drag-and-drop development tools,
 and interfaces that knowledge workers can understand. 

Widespread
 and Rich Human and Robot Interaction . Our software facilitates a broad array of interactions between humans and robots, allowing
 users to easily engage with robots when, where, and how they want. 

Enterprise-Grade
 Governance and Security . We deliver centralized governance and data security capabilities built for businesses to securely
 and resiliently deploy and manage automations at enterprise scale. 

Open
 and Extensible Software Architecture . Our software delivers both user interface automation and API integration on a single
 software. We offer hundreds of out-of-the-box, native integrations with a wide range of enterprise applications and productivity
 tools from our technology partners. 

Flexible
 Deployment . We have built our software to be multi-tenant and deployable across on-premises, private and public cloud, and
 hybrid environments to meet any level of scaling, availability, and infrastructure requirements. 

HeartCore
Community 

We
have created and cultivated a vibrant, global network of nearly several hundred thousand automation professionals who are building and
sharing automations that are transforming work and their organizations. 

Our
Digital Transformation Products 

Our
software is built so that automation processes can be used throughout the enterprise. Customers can either adopt our products as a unified
solution or use a subset of our products for each. 

Discover 

Process
Mining . Process mining visualizes the event logs generated through various systems and applications by connecting them in chronological
order and by pattern, by using process mining tools. This enables us to identify problems and their causes, such as exception processing
that creates a burden for corrective actions, insufficient segregation of duties and rule deviations, inefficient business processing,
bottlenecks, etc., so that we can improve our business effectively and speedily. In addition, if using the function to evaluate whether
or not there is a problem by using the best practices of business processes as benchmarks, it becomes easier to examine the image of
appropriate business processes. Furthermore, by updating the data to be captured and monitoring it continuously, it is possible to recognize
the performance of business quality, changes, and anomalies in a timely manner, which can lead to improvements. 

Currently,
business process reforms are rapidly advancing, as exemplified by the automation of routine tasks through the introduction of RPA. In
business process reform efforts, business processes have traditionally been visualized and evaluated in order to identify inefficient
operations that need to be improved. However, these methods require a great deal of time and effort, such as interviewing the person
in charge of the business, manually transcribing the contents of the business manual, which lacks accuracy and completeness, into a business
flow, and repeatedly checking and revising the transcribed contents with various parties involved in the business. Furthermore, depending
on the level of understanding and risk sensitivity of the interviewees, infrequent exceptions and so-called local rules were sometimes
overlooked. 

15 

One
of the concepts that will drive and enhance digital transformation is digital twin technology. Digital twin technology reproduces what
is happening in a factory in a computer, for example, by outputting logs of information on machine tools, manufacturing equipment, and
products in production, and putting the logs into process mining. It is also called a digital twin organization, which is an organization
model that makes it easier to understand and manage business processes in real time, and to plan for the future. Using a model that behaves
like a twin of a real factory system, it is possible to test the effects of production conditions that are not possible in reality, to
test processes for efficiency, and to predict fatigue when manufacturing equipment is kept running. This factory simulation environment
can reproduce the same environment as in reality. 

In
the 5G era, local 5G will be able to collect even more detailed logs of the factory. This will increase the accuracy of the simulations
and enable even more advanced operational efficiency. By recreating not only factories but also white-collar workplaces in a digital
twin, it will be possible to identify problems, eliminate bottlenecks, change workflows, and reform work styles. 

Task
Mining . Task mining is a method of analyzing individual PC operations of staff engaged in various tasks, i.e., detailed PC operation
log data such as application launch, screen launch, file open, mouse click, text
input, copy and paste, etc., to discover issues and problems. Task mining can highlight task-level issues such as,
for example, whether a series of tasks to convert paper documents into digital data by reading them with OCR is taking longer than expected
(inefficient tasks), or copying and pasting from email body to Excel is repeated with high frequency (repetitive tasks). 

The
merit of task mining is that it can point out issues and problems related to tasks, i.e., the various tasks that individual staff members
perform on their PCs, based on facts such as the actual time required and the number of tasks processed. Conventional business analysis
based on interviews can only provide information based on the subjective and sensory perceptions of the workers themselves, and the accuracy
and reliability of the analysis results are not always high. In addition, the on-site measurement work by a researcher with a stopwatch
was not only time-consuming and costly, but also had the possibility of adversely affecting the work itself of the workers to be measured.
On the other hand, in the case of task mining, since the analysis targets the PC operation logs automatically collected through the sensors
(agents) installed on each PC, the flow of work based on the facts as they can be reproduced. Therefore, the analysis results are extremely
accurate and reliable. Moreover, it does not place a burden on the person in charge in the field. 

Using
task mining, the time and cost of collecting detailed business data can be significantly reduced and because it is fact-based, highly
accurate and reliable analysis results can be obtained. 

Manage 

Robot
Automation Portal . Our Robot Automation Portal is a web portal that allows customers to monitor and manage automation with RPA over
a TCP/IP network (Internet and/or Intranet). The Robot Automation Portal records the results generated from the time the robot machine
is registered in the portal. Customers can manage and operate all RPA robots in their company, and also report the results and monitor
their status. Our Robot Automation Portal also provides an orchestration function that allows customers to send a robot to a terminal
where RPA is not installed, run it in free time, and return only the results. This allows our clients to make full use of their internal
resources. 

Orchestrator .
Our Orchestrator can provision, deploy, trigger, monitor, measure, and track the successful operation of robots on any supported device,
and when combined with the Robot Automation Portal, it does so through a GUI interface. 

CUI
interface . There are many cases where GUI is not available for servers such as Linux and UNIX, etc., so our RPA also has a CUI command
interface. 

All
robots are provided as JAR files, so as long as customers have a Java environment, they can run the robots and automate their operations
without installing RPA. 

16 

Run 

Development
RPA . It is possible to create robots freely using flowcharts in a GUI interface, or to create robots by coding in the same way as
Java development, using an interface similar to a Java IDE. It also comes with three types of OCR, making it suitable for creating a
business robot that scans documents. 

Execution
RPA . The license is only for running the robot. Only one robot can be run simultaneously per license. The execution environment can
be any device and any operating system. Although there is only one concurrent execution, there can be an unlimited number of installations. 

Measure 

When
we start to automate with RPA robots, we tend to automate even tasks that would be more efficient without automation. This is an ironic
result of automation becoming inefficient, but it is difficult to identify. Using our simulation and reporting functions, it is possible
to identify inefficient automated tasks and change them to efficient operations. That may possibly be tasks that are performed by people,
but the cost will vary greatly. 

Govern 

We
offer powerful, centralized governance capabilities designed to ensure compliance with business standards. Our software balances compliance
with empowerment through granular control of what can be automated, who can build and publish automations, and complete lifecycle management
with role-based access control and enforcement. Governance capabilities are embedded across our software. The combination of our measurement
and governance capabilities are critical as they are key to enterprise-scale automation programs and are a differentiated feature of
our software. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
have an efficient go-to-market model, which consists primarily of an enterprise field sales force supplemented by a high velocity inside
sales team focused on small and mid-sized customers as well as a global strategic sales team focused on the largest global customers. 

We
have made significant investments in our sales and marketing efforts globally. As of December 31, 2022, our sales and marketing organization
was comprised of 14 employees including our field sales organization, which maintains a physical sales presence in the Japanese software
market. Using our go-to-market strategy, we believe we have made significant contributions in Japan and have established a diversified
revenue and customer base. Our sales and marketing strategy is focused on driving growth through selling products to new customers and
driving expansion within our existing customers. Our products officer, together with our sales, marketing, and executive teams, promote
our brand by working to cultivate long-term relationships with current and prospective customers, expand our partnership network and
foster our developer community. 

We
sell our solutions through a direct sales team and through channel partnerships. Our sales organization is segmented into three areas:
enterprise sales, which sells to large businesses and public sector organizations; high-velocity inside-sales, which is focused on landing
a high volume of new small and mid-sized customers; and a global strategic sales team focused on the largest strategic global accounts.
Additionally, our sales team is supported by our renewals team that is focused on identifying upsell potential for our sales team and
handling the operations behind the renewal. In collaboration with the sales team, they can also help execute on small upsells so that
our field sellers can focus on the larger opportunities. Supplementing our direct sales organization are channel sales partnerships with
system integrators, regional developers, business process outsourcing providers and distributors. Our channel partners enable us to extend
our local and global reach, in particular with smaller customers and in geographies where we have less direct sales presence. Additionally,
our customer success team on-boards new customers and accelerates expansion within our largest customers. Our enterprise and high velocity
teams are organized regionally across Japan. In Japan, we maintain specialized vertical teams within our enterprise sales organization
that concentrate their efforts on selling into banking and financial services, healthcare, and government entities. Our sales organization
is supported by a team of pre-sales engineers and our professional services organization that offer technical expertise to help customers
speed adoption and return on investment. 

17 

We
sell to organizations of all sizes across a broad range of industries, with a focus on enterprise customers. Our go-to-market strategy
is focused on a model. Our ability to expand within our existing customer base is facilitated by the breadth of our software. Our customers
frequently see rapid time to value with our products, and we are able to quickly expand sales within organizations as customers add features,
expand use cases and increase the number of software robots beyond their initial deployment. The potential for broad applicability of
our software enables us to sell across all levels of an organization, from the C-Suite to the IT department, and to sell into multiples
departments within an enterprise, which reduces friction for expansion of our products across the enterprise. 

Our
marketing team drives brand awareness, cultivates a large and growing community, and drives demand through a combination of global and
local campaigns. We employ a variety of marketing tactics to reach prospective customers, including community evangelism, in-person and
digital events, content marketing, digital advertising, search optimization, partner marketing, social media, and public relations. We
host and present at regional and global events, which both launched during the COVID-19 pandemic, to share customer success stories,
developer breakthroughs, and analyst insights and to deepen customer relationships. 

A
key marketing objective is to have prospective customers try our software. We provide easy access to our software through our website
and partner portal. This try-before-you-buy strategy has been a key driver of developer education and future customer purchases
of our products and software. To democratize automation, we offer a free Community Edition to small businesses, university students,
and individuals. Our Enterprise Trial edition, which is a time-limited license, provides prospective customers with full functionality
of our software to learn, build, and deploy automations. We nurture users through their trial license by providing training and certifications
through our Academy, detailing best practices and use cases, and offering continuous support through our interactive forum or pre-sales
organization. 

Customers 

We
have a large and diversified customer base. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022.
As of December 31, 2022, our combined business units (customer experience management business unit and digital transformation business
unit) had 903 total customers of varying sizes. We pride ourselves in providing what we believe to be a great experience to every single
customer and user of our software. Our customers span a variety of industries and across various departments within an organization and
include: 

Consumer
 and Retail 
 SONY 
 Panasonic 
 Bridgestone 
 Philips 
 
 Energy 
 Tohoku
 Electric Power Co 
 The
 Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. 
 Tokyo
 GAS 

Financial
 Services 
 Bank
 of Japan 
 AEON
 Bank, Ltd 
 au
 Jibun Bank Corporation 
 Nomura
 Securities Co., Ltd 
 Mitsubishi
 UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd. 

Healthcare
 / Pharmaceuticals 
 Takeda
 Pharmaceutical Company 
 GE
 Healthcare 
 Kobayashi
 Pharmaceutical 
 Sysmex
 Corporation, 
 
 Insurance 
 Aflac 
 Sumitomo
 Life Insurance 
 Tokio
 Marine Holdings, Inc. 
 The
 Dai-ichi Life Insurance 
 
 Manufacturing 
 Hitachi 
 Toshiba 
 FujiFilm 
 Richo 
 Nippon
 Steel Corporation 

Technology 
 NTT
 Data 
 NEC 
 Roland 
 Canon 
 
 Telecommunications 
 NTT
 Docomo 
 Softbank 
 KDDI 
 
 Other 
 TOYOTA 
 HONDA 
 NNK 
 JAL 
 ANA 
 JR
 East 

18 

These
customers are representative of the Company s overall customer base, but that are also particularly well-known customers and often
appear in the Company s case studies. The objective criteria the Company used to determine which customers to highlight above are
that the customer: (i) be in the top five in its industry; (ii) have a global presence; (iii) have sales in excess of 1 billion; and
(iv) must be well-known through commercials. 

Partnerships 

We
develop and maintain business and technology partnerships that help us seamlessly integrate the latest technology into our software and
market and deliver our software to our customers around the world. 

Our
business partners include more than five global and regional system integrators, value-added resellers, and business consultants. We
provide tiering recognition through Platinum, Gold, and Silver levels for partners that meet competency requirements and deliver and
maintain a specified number of satisfied customers. These partnerships enhance our market presence and drive greater sales efficiencies. 

Our
technology partners bring specialized capabilities to our software. In collaboration with our technology partners, we develop integrations
that simplify the interoperability of our software with their technology, resulting in faster time-to-value. These integrations give
our customers more choices on how they integrate and offer a low-code option of traditional native integration. 

We
also maintain relationships with leading cloud vendors, such as Amazon Web Services Inc., Google Inc., and Microsoft Corporation, to
simplify both the deployment of our software and to extend our software to offer customers the benefits of cloud-based AI capabilities. 

Our
partnerships with other leading technology companies power the significant extensibility of our software and offer our customers the
ability to use the technologies of their choice on our software, driving increased customer affinity and product stickiness. 

Competition 

Customer
Experience Management Business 

Our
market is evolving, highly competitive and fragmented, and we expect competition to increase in the future. We believe the principal
competitive factors in our market are: 

vision
 for the market, product strategy and pace of innovation; 

inbound
 marketing focus and domain expertise; 

integrated
 all-in-one CXM Platform; 

breadth
 and depth of product functionality; 

ease
 of use; 

scalable,
 open architecture; 

time
 to value and total cost of ownership; 

integration
 with third-party applications and data sources; 

name
 recognition and brand reputation; and 

free
 products to paid services go-to-market motion. 

We
believe we compete favorably with respect to all of these factors. 

We
face intense competition from other software companies that develop marketing, sales, service, and content management software. Our competitors
offer various point applications that provide certain functions and features that we provide, including: 

cloud-based
 marketing automation providers; 

content
 management systems; 

email
 marketing software vendors; 

sales
 force automation and customer experience management software vendors; 

customer
 service platform vendors; and 

large-scale
 enterprise suites. 

19 

In
addition, instead of using our CXM Platform, some prospective customers may elect to combine disparate point applications, such as content
management, marketing automation, analytics, social media management, ticketing, and conversational bots. We expect that we will develop
and introduce, or acquire, applications serving customer-facing and other front office functions. 

Digital
Transformation Business 

The
market for RPA is one of the fastest growing enterprise software markets and is increasingly competitive. We believe our competitors
primarily exist across the across the following three categories: 

RPA
 software providers which provide RPA software, but lack end-to-end automation capabilities. 

Automation
 lifecycle enhancing technology providers, such as low-code, iBPMS, iPaaS, process mining, and test automation vendors ,
 which provide additional features that can be useful for automations. We have alliances and integrate with the key vendors in
 each category, but they often develop and market automation capabilities as extensions of their core software. 

Enterprise
 software vendors , which provide horizontal applications and productivity tools and are acquiring, building, or investing
 in RPA functionality or partnering with RPA providers. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

Customer
Experience Management Business 

We
believe that our market leadership position is based on the following key strengths: 

Leading
Platform . We have designed and built a world-class CXM Platform. We believe our customers choose our CXM Platform over others
because of its powerful, integrated, and easy-to-use applications. We built our customer experience management system on a single, unified,
and intuitive platform, which we believe contrasts positively with many other customer experience management suites. 

Market
Leadership and Strong Brand . Our focus is to be a recognized thought leader in the cloud-based marketing, sales, customer service,
and content management software industry with a leading brand. Our marketing, sales, service, and content management experience attracts,
engages, and delights customers by being more relevant, more helpful, more personalized, and less interruptive than traditional marketing
and sales tactics. 

Large
and Growing Solutions Partner Program . Our solutions partners promote our brand and offer our CXM Platform to their clients.
Solutions partners and customers referred to us by our solutions partners represented approximately 50 of our total customers as of
December 31, 2022, and approximately 64 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. These solutions partners help us
to promote the vision of the inbound experience, efficiently reach new mid-market businesses at scale, and provide our mutual customers
with more diverse and higher-touch services. 

Premium
Pricing Strategy . Our free model attracts customers who begin using our CXM Platform through our free products and then upgrade
to our paid services. Through our free products, our customers are able to receive value from us before converting to a paid product
or engaging with sales. 

Mid-Market
Focus . We believe we have significant competitive advantages reaching mid-market businesses and efficiently reach this market
at scale as a result of our inbound methodology, premium pricing strategy, and our solutions partner channel. 

Powerful
Network Effects . We have built a large and growing ecosystem around our CXM Platform and company. Thousands of our customers
integrate third-party applications with our CXM Platform. We believe this ecosystem drives more businesses and professionals to embrace
the inbound playbook. As our engaged audience grows, more solutions partners collaborate with us, more third-party developers integrate
their applications with our CXM Platform, and more professionals complete our certification programs, all of which help to drive more
businesses to adopt our CXM Platform. 

20 

Digital
Transformation Business 

We
believe that the following are key strengths of our digital transformation business: 

Broad
Set of Complementary Solutions . Our software combines OCR, AI, task mining, process mining, RPA, and process discovery capabilities
to enable automation across multiple non-desktop systems, mission-critical system-to-system automation deployment environments, and cloud-to-cloud
applications. We can help you automate multiple systems without desktops, automation deployment environments between mission-critical
systems, and across cloud applications. We provide our customers with a comprehensive set of capabilities to discover, build, manage,
execute, engage, measure, and control automation across departments and personas within an organization or agency. Our software can run
on multiple operating systems, including Linux, Unix, Mac, AS-400, as well as Windows, allowing for automation across a variety of systems.
Also, since it is coded in Java, any Java engineer can easily build add-on functions. 

Open
Architecture . Our software embraces an open ecosystem with hundreds of enterprise application integrations that have been built
by us and our community of technology partners. Our solution includes a variety of pre-built activities and connectors so customers can
quickly create and deploy robots that execute operations and seamlessly interact with third-party systems. Our open ecosystem is architecture
agnostic, which allows organizations to automate existing infrastructure and accelerate digital innovation without the need to replace
or make large investments in their existing infrastructure. 

Built-In
AI/ML Capabilities . We incorporate our own Java components into our products to drive continuous improvement in business automation.
Our RPA is a system that allows the reuse of existing programming assets to address complex use cases. Users can incorporate their current
Java applications, if any, into our RPA. Furthermore, it does not only automate that application, but also expands the scope of integration
with other applications. The capabilities of our software are not limited to automating existing operations, but can also adapt to ever-changing
variables, such as the application of new business models, to achieve automation capabilities that dramatically improve business results
and increase the competitive advantage of our customers. 

Human
Emulation Enables Addressing Expansive Use Cases . Our RPA robots emulate human behavior and adapt to the ever-changing external
variables of business. By having the robots emulate the usual business behavior of humans, companies can leverage our software to address
a myriad of use cases, from simple to complex. We believe that the power of our software is only limited by the use cases that human
users can come up with. 

Built
for Mid to Enterprise Deployment . Our software grows as our customers increase their automation operations across their organizations.
Customers can deploy our software on desktops, on-premises, in public clouds, private clouds, or in hybrid environments. In addition,
it can be deployed on multiple operating systems and across multiple devices. Our software is designed with security and governance at
its core, allowing our customers to seamlessly expand the scope of automation while ensuring that IT departments have the security they
need to automate. 

Adoption
Across Workers and Functions . We make sure that workers across the organization have access to automation when they need it.
Workers can interact with robots in the same way they interact with humans. For example, they can use manned robots on their desktops
to get human work done faster, use unmanned robots in the background to run business processes, build applications that interact indirectly
with robots, send email to robots, interact with chatbots, and so on. This will give them the freedom to choose whether to ask a robot
or a human to do the work. 

Simple,
Intuitive, Quickly Deployed . Our software is easy to use, with an intuitive interface and low-code, drag-and-drop, desktop recording
and playback capabilities, so that anyone working across the organization can easily take advantage of our automation features at their
disposal. Automation features can be quickly and efficiently deployed throughout an organization to create immediate value. Our software
can be easily learned and operated by employees with or without technical knowledge, without the need for large implementation costs
or costly professional services. 

21 

Resilient
Automations . Our software is capable of fully emulating the behavior of enterprise workers as they manipulate applications and
systems to execute processes. Our robots can leverage our proprietary capabilities to fully emulate human behavior, interpreting a very
wide variety of document types and adapting and responding to changes in the work environment. It can also adapt to changes in display
resolution and scale, as well as user interface changes, by utilizing our proprietary OCR capabilities. For example, the process of scanning
and importing postal invoices does not require the user to memorize the format of each invoice, and a single template can be used for
all types of invoices. In addition, we have developed a variety of features to enable elasticity in the process and execution of automation.
For example, when testing the user interface of a website, our software can create the same state as a human being browsing the site
and perform operational validation tests. It also allows for management, reuse and reliability of user interface elements. Thanks to
this feature, when changes are made to the application, the operation can continue without having to update the robot. With such flexibility,
robots demonstrate their resilience in automating tasks and reducing the number of errors across the enterprise. 

Integrated
and Portable Object API Models . Our customers can reuse our object-oriented robots. This capability allows them to extend the
capabilities of our software and improve automation results. Our software makes it easy to deploy, manage, and improve objects built
by customers and third parties, allowing you to allocate more human resources to business problems and use cases. objects are designed
to be deployed and customized once created. 

Automation
Performance and Business Outcome Analytics . Our software enables customers to gain powerful insights and generate key performance
indicators with actionable metrics by tracking, measuring, and predicting automation performance through the use of a Robot Automation
Portal. Out-of-the-box dashboards display execution metrics and allow users to measure performance and report on the value of their automation. 

Built
for Collaboration with Human and Robot . Our software is designed to allow humans and robots to work together, so that each can
focus on the tasks they do best. Robots can perform time-consuming, repetitive, and routine tasks that make work less interesting and
satisfying, while humans can focus on more creative thinking, innovation, solving complex problems, and improving the customer experience.
Our software allows our customers to harness the power of automation to create fully automated, highly efficient enterprises where humans
and robots work in harmony. 

Accelerating
the Adoption of Automation within the Enterprise . The adoption of our software will automate simple, duplicative, repetitive
and time-consuming tasks in the organization that are not interesting to people, thus allowing them to focus on creative and rewarding
tasks. Most of our clients use our solutions to find and automate all the tasks that can be automated in their companies. Our solution
works with your employees to evaluate and score high-value automation possibilities. As employees become more comfortable with automation,
they will more easily adopt and implement it, discover new processes to automate within a particular, and provide new automation ideas
to RPA for development and deployment. After a few iterations of this kind of behavior, a phenomenon occurs in which certain employees
build useful automation on their own, which is then deployed throughout the organization. This action is different from the automation
that has been discovered so far and contributes to further operational efficiency. It helps to organically surface a number of automation
ideas that could not be achieved with the traditional top-down approach. 

Our
Growth Strategies 

Customer
Experience Management Business 

The
key elements to our growth strategy for our customer experience management business are: 

Grow
Our Customer Base . The market for our CXM Platform is large and underserved. Mid-market businesses are particularly underserved
by existing point application vendors and often lack sufficient resources to implement complex solutions. Our all-in-one CXM Platform
allows mid-market businesses to efficiently adopt and execute an effective inbound marketing, sales, customer service, and content management
strategy to help them expand and grow. We will continue to leverage our inbound go-to-market approach, freemium pricing strategy and
our network of solutions partners to keep growing our business. 

22 

Increase
Revenue from Existing Customers . With 903 total customers from our combined business units in Japan as of December 31, 2022,
we believe we have a significant opportunity to increase revenue from our existing customers. We plan to increase revenue from our existing
customers by expanding their use of our CXM Platform by upselling additional offerings and features, adding additional users, and cross-selling
our marketing, sales, service, and content management products to existing customers through touchless or low touch in-product purchases.
Our scalable pricing model allows us to capture more spend as our customers grow, increase the number of their customers and prospects
managed on our CXM Platform, and offer additional functionality available from our higher price tiers and add-ons, providing us with
a substantial opportunity to increase the lifetime value of our customer relationships. 

Keep
Expanding Internationally . We intend to grow our presence in international market through additional investments in local sales,
marketing and professional service capabilities, as well as by leveraging our solutions partner network. We plan to open international
offices. We have significant website traffic from regions outside the United States, and we believe that markets outside the United States
represent a significant growth opportunity. 

Continue
to Innovate and Expand Our CXM Platform . Mid-market businesses are increasingly realizing the value of having an integrated marketing,
sales, customer service, and content management platform. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity by introducing
new products and applications to extend the functionality of our CXM Platform. 

Selectively
Pursue Acquisitions . We plan to selectively pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies and teams that would
allow us to add new features and functionalities to our platform and accelerate the pace of our innovation. 

Digital
Transformation Business 

For
our digital transformation business, we are pursuing a large market opportunity with growth strategies that include: 

Acquire
New Customers . Our market is rapidly growing. We believe that as more organizations adopt our automation software and experience
quantifiable competitive advantages, other organizations will also adopt automation as a necessary tool to compete. While we sell to
organizations of all sizes and across a broad range of industries, our go-to-market team s key focus is on the largest organizations,
including large enterprises and governments. We also use an inside sales team focused on small and mid-sized businesses. We plan to continue
to invest in our go-to-market team to grow our customer base both domestically and internationally. 

Expand
Within Our Existing Customer Base . Our customer base represents a significant opportunity for us to become a strategic partner
to our customers in their automation journeys and drive further sales expansion through the following vectors: 

deploy
 more software robots across different departments; 

provide
 more employees with their own robot assistants; 

increase
 adoption of software products; and 

expand
 use cases for automation in the organization. 

Over
time, we seek to deploy our solution where every employee interacts with multiple robots. We believe we will be able to accomplish this
through our continued democratization of automation and enablement of citizen developers. 

Grow
and Cultivate Our Partner and Channel Network . We are focused on maintaining and growing our ecosystem of partners that build,
train, and certify skills on our technology as well as deploy our technology on behalf of their customers. We have built a global partner
ecosystem of more than 40 systems integrators, value-added resellers, business consultants, technology partners, and public cloud vendors.
Our partner network includes, among others, content management systems, customer experience management systems, Heartcore Robo (RPA),
Apromore, myInvenio and Controlio. We intend to continue to expand and enhance our partner relationships to grow our market presence
and drive greater sales efficiencies. 

23 

Extend
Our Technology Leadership Through Continued Innovation and Investment in Our Software . We believe that we have built a differentiated
automation software and intend to continually increase the value we provide to our customers by investing in extending the capabilities
of our software. For example, we have introduced over four new products and multiple new features over the last 24 months. We have made
and will continue to make significant investments in research and development to bolster our existing technology and enhance usability
to improve our customers productivity. 

Foster
the Next Generation of Workers and Grow Our Community . We have built an extensive ecosystem focused on training and supporting
individuals on working with our software. We have created forums addressing automation in the workplace and learning plans for all the
important roles in automation. We believe automation will be a foundation of the future of work and, as individuals build out their skillsets,
this will drive greater adoption of our software. 

Continue
to Invest in Major Markets . Since inception, we have invested in developing an infrastructure that would allow us to scale globally.
We continue seeing adoption of our products across all geographies in which we operate and believe we have a significant runway ahead
of us. We believe there is a significant opportunity to expand use of our software in the top 25 countries as measured by gross domestic
product. As of December 31, 2022, sales to customers located in such countries represented 100 of our total annualized renewal run-rate. We intend to continue to make significant investments to expand our sales and drive adoption of our software throughout those markets.
In particular, we believe that North America represents a significant opportunity for us, and we intend on continuing to expand our sales
and drive adoption of our software across the region. As of December 31, 2022, customers located in the United States represented 0 
of our total annualized renewal run-rate. 

Opportunistically
Pursue Strategic Acquisitions . We will evaluate acquisition opportunities that we believe will be complementary to our existing
software, enhance our technology, and increase the value proposition we deliver to our customers. 

Intellectual
Property 

Intellectual
property rights are important to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret
laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements
with third parties, and other contractual protections, to protect our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary technology,
software, know-how, and brand. 

As of December 31, 2022, we held one issued patent in Japan. Our issued patent is scheduled to expire between October
2028 and January 2030. As of December 31, 2022, we held one pending U.S. trademark application, and more than two active foreign trademark
filings. As of December 31, 2022, we held two domain names in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. We continually review our
development efforts to assess and identify the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. 

The
terms of individual patents extend for varying periods of time, depending upon the date of filing of the patent application, the date
of patent issuance, and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, patents issued for applications
filed in the United States are effective for 20 years from the earliest effective filing date of a non-provisional patent application.
The duration of patents outside of the United States varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also
20 years from the earliest effective filing date. However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a country-to-country
basis and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of legal remedies in a
particular country, and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 

Although
we rely on intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections
to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel,
development of new services, features, and functionality, and frequent enhancements to our software are equally essential to establishing
and maintaining our technology leadership position. 

24 

We
control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through the use of internal and external controls,
including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers, and partners. We require our employees, consultants, and other
third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements and we control and monitor access to our software, documentation,
proprietary technology, and other confidential information. Our policy is to require all employees and independent contractors to sign
agreements assigning to us any inventions, trade secrets, works of authorship, developments, processes, and other intellectual property
generated by them on our behalf and under which they agree to protect our confidential information. In addition, we generally enter into
confidentiality agreements with our customers and partners. 

Despite
our efforts to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may still copy or otherwise obtain and use our technology. In
addition, we intend to continue to expand our international operations, and effective intellectual property, copyright, trademark and
trade secret protection may not be available or may be limited in foreign countries. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property
rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

In
December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and on March 11, 2020,
the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. The pandemic, which has continued to spread, and the related adverse
public health developments, including orders to shelter-in-place, travel restrictions, and mandated business closures, have adversely
affected workforces, organizations, customers, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic downturn and increased
market volatility. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many businesses, including ours. 

For
example, many cities, counties, states, and even countries have imposed or may impose a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement
of our employees, partners and customers to limit the spread of the pandemic, including physical distancing, travel bans and restrictions,
closure of non-essential business, quarantines, work-from-home directives, shelter-in-place orders, and limitations on public gatherings.
These measures have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide.
In March 2020, we temporarily closed our offices, including our corporate headquarters, suspended all company-related travel, and all
HeartCore Co. employees were required to work from home for several months during the height of the pandemic. We cancelled or shifted
our customer and industry events to virtual-only experiences. Although we have begun to slowly re-open our offices on a staggered, region-by-region
basis in accordance with local authority guidelines, we may deem it advisable to similarly alter, postpone or cancel entirely additional
customer, employee or industry events in the future. All of these changes may disrupt the way we operate our business. In addition, our
management team has, and will likely continue, to spend significant time, attention and resources monitoring the pandemic and seeking
to minimize the risk of the virus and manage its effects on our business and workforce. 

Although our company has been
in existence for less than two years, our wholly owned operating subsidiary, HeartCore Co. operated throughout the pandemic and continues
to operate after the pandemic. HeartCore Co. s business is affected by a variety of external factors related to the pandemic and
post-pandemic that are beyond our control. For existing customers, the pandemic had no impact on the use of our software; for new customers
in the travel, hotel, airline, rail, and food service industries in the CX division, the pandemic resulted in a decrease in new orders.
However, although the pandemic is coming to an end, it will take some time before the economy is fully normalized. This results in even
lower sales in 2022 than in 2021. Regarding the impact of the pandemic on the DX sector, demand for our DX software increased as large
companies were forced to change their work patterns, forcing employees to work remotely. In 2022, after the pandemic, a number of employees
left the company, forcing the company to downsize its operations and resulted in a decline in sales. During 2022, we started the GO IPO
business, which supports Japanese companies to list on Nasdaq and NYSE in the United States. As of March 30, 2023, we have entered into
consulting agreements with nine companies to assist them in their IPO process, whereby we are entitled to receive from each company a
consulting fee ranges from 350,000 to 900,000 and warrants or Japanese acquisition rights to purchase one to four percent of the fully-diluted
share capital of such companies that is exercisable on certain dates at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The revenue in the GO IPO
business helped to offset the decline in sales in the CX and DX divisions. 

25 

The
duration and extent of the impact from the pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time,
such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions and the disruption caused
by such actions, the effectiveness of vaccines and other treatments for COVID-19, and the impact of these and other factors on our employees,
customers, partners and vendors. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will
be harmed. 

To
the extent the pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the
other risks described in the Risk Factors section, including, in particular, risks related to our dependence on customer
renewals, the addition of new customers and increased revenue from existing customer, risks that our operating results could be negatively
affected by changes in the sizes or types of businesses that purchase our platform and the risk that weakened global economic conditions
may harm our industry, business and results of operations. 

Corporate
History 

We
were incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 18, 2021. We conduct business activities principally through our wholly owned subsidiary,
HeartCore Co., a Japanese corporation, which was established in Japan by Sumitaka Yamamoto in 2009. 

Share
Exchange Agreement 

On
July 16, 2021, pursuant to the terms of a share exchange agreement among the Company, HeartCore Co., the shareholders of HeartCore Co.
(excluding Dentsu Digital Investment Limited) and Sumitaka Yamamoto, as the representative of the shareholders of HeartCore Co., we issued
15,999,994 shares of our common stock to the shareholders of HeartCore Co. in exchange for 10,706 shares HeartCore Co. s common
stock, representing 97.5 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of HeartCore Co. As a result of this transaction, HeartCore Co.
became our 97.5 -owned subsidiary and the former shareholders of HeartCore Co. became the owners of 100 of our outstanding common stock
as of July 16, 2021. 

On
February 24, 2022, the Company purchased 278 shares of HeartCore Co. from Dentsu Digital for 50,040,000 Japanese Yen (approximately 435,500).
As a result, effective February 24, 2022, HeartCore Co. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On
September 6, 2022, HeartCore Enterprises , Inc. entered into a share exchange and purchase agreement Sigmaways Agreement to acquire
51 of the outstanding shares of Sigmaways, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of California
and is engaged in the business of developing and sales of software in the United States .
The acquisition was closed on February 1, 2023. 

In the first quarter
of 2023, we formed HeartCore Financial and HeartCore Capital Advisors as a part of our Go IPO consulting business. 

Memorandum
to Share Exchange Agreement - Information Services International-Dentsu Ltd. 

On
July 15, 2021, the Company, HeartCore Co. and Mr. Yamamoto entered into a memorandum regarding share exchange agreement (the Memorandum with Information Services International-Dentsu Ltd. ISI-Dentsu ), a shareholder of HeartCore Co., which became a stockholder
of the Company pursuant to the share exchange agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Memorandum, the parties agreed on certain matters related to the operations of the Company and HeartCore Co., which would remain
in place until the earlier of (1) the parties unanimous agreement to terminate the Memorandum; (2) if Dentsu ceases to be a stockholder
of the Company; (3) if an application by the Company for the listing of its shares is approved by Nasdaq; or (4) upon the effectiveness
of a registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act for an initial public offering of its stock (which was satisfied
when the Company closed its initial public offering on February 14, 2022). Therefore, the Memorandum ceased to be in effect upon the
closing of our initial public offering on February 14, 2022. 

26 

Pursuant
to the Memorandum, the Company and HeartCore Co. agreed to give advance notice to Dentsu when decisions are made with respect to any
of the following matters pertaining to the Company or HeartCore Co.: 

Changes
 to the certificate of incorporation or articles of incorporation, limited to the creation of class shares, changes in the features
 of common shares as class shares, establishment of or changes in share units, and other changes that may affect the position of common
 shareholders; 

Dissolution,
 a petition for commencement of bankruptcy proceedings, civil rehabilitation proceedings or corporate reorganization proceedings filed
 by the Company, HeartCore Co. or its directors; 

Approval
 of demand for sale of the shares by Mr. Yamamoto; 

Loans,
 capital investment or other investments; 

Issuance
 of new shares, stock options, convertible bonds or debentures; 

Capital
 reduction; 

Acquisition,
 disposition or cancellation of treasury shares, acquisition, disposition or cancellation of treasury stock acquisition rights, or
 redemption, purchase, cancellation or acquisition of options or other rights; 

Stock
 split or reverse stock split; 

Merger,
 company split, share exchange, share transfer or share delivery; 

Transfer,
 acquisition, suspension or abolition of all or a part of a business, consolidation of branch offices or commencement of new business; 

Significant
 business alliances or their dissolution; 

Approval
 of transfer of shares of the Company or HeartCore Co. (including sales by the Company of HeartCore Co. s shares); 

Acquisition
 or disposition of shares of any related party of the Company or HeartCore Co.; 

Appointment
 and dismissal of directors, executive officers, auditors, managers and other important employees; 

Any
 transaction between HeartCore Co. and its director which requires approval by the board of directors under the Japanese Companies
 Act and any equivalent transaction between the Company and its director; 

Execution
 or change of important contracts or other legally significant juridical acts; 

Establishment
 of subsidiary and affiliates; and 

Any
 change of business plan. 

Pursuant
to the Memorandum, to the extent not in conflict with the laws of the United States or the State of Delaware or the rules and regulations
of any securities exchange or securities market on which the Company s securities are traded or listed for trading, Mr. Yamamoto
agreed to notify Dentsu in advance when making a decision on the following matters pertaining to Mr. Yamamoto: 

A
 petition for bankruptcy or commencement of civil rehabilitation proceedings filed by Mr. Yamamoto himself; 

Transfer
 or acquisition of shares of HeartCore Co. or its related parties; 

Loans,
 debt guarantees or collateral; 

The
 filing of a lawsuit, settlement or conclusion of a suit not based on a judicial decision by Mr. Yamamoto pertaining to a claim on
 property rights; 

Conclusion
 or change of important contracts or other important juridical act; and 

Offering
 of the shares held by Mr. Yamamoto. 

To
the extent not in conflict with the laws of the United States or the State of Delaware or the rules and regulations of any securities
exchange or securities market on which the Company s securities are traded or listed for trading, and provided that legal counsel
to the Company does not advise the Company that any such notification is inadvisable due to such information being material non-public
information or due to such disclosure being a breach of the fiduciary duties of the officers or Directors of the Company, the Company
or HeartCore Co. also agreed to provide to Dentsu a summary of the following matters pertaining to the Company or HeartCore Co.: 

Damage
 arising from disasters or operations; 

Filing
 of a lawsuit by a third party which may affect its financial condition, or becoming subject to a judgment, or any order or award
 equivalent thereto which may affect its financial condition; 

Petition
 for an injunction of the business or a provisional disposition order equivalent thereto, or conclusion of legal proceedings not based
 on an order or a judgement by the court; 

Revocation
 of license, suspension of business or other equivalent dispositions by an administrative agency based on laws and regulations, or
 accusation by an administrative agency for violation of the laws; 

Merger
 or other reorganization involving the Company, HeartCore Co., or any of their related parties; 

27 

Filing
 of a petition for commencement of bankruptcy proceedings, commencement of civil rehabilitation proceedings, commencement of corporate
 reorganization proceedings, commencement of special liquidation or enforcement of the corporate security interest by a third party,
 suspension of payments or dishonor of bills or checks with regard to HeartCore Co. or the Company; 

Commencement
 of bankruptcy proceedings, commencement of civil rehabilitation proceedings, commencement of corporate reorganization proceedings,
 commencement of special liquidation or petition for exercise of corporate security interest, suspension of payments or dishonor of
 bills or checks pertaining to the Company, HeartCore Co. or any of its related parties; 

Suspension
 of transactions with material customers, suppliers, distributors, agents, or other business partners; 

The
 occurrence of risk of default by an obligor of the Company or HeartCore Co., or a principal obligor of a guarantee obligation of
 which the Company or HeartCore Co. is a guarantor; and 

Cancellation
 of debts by creditors, reduction or extension of interest or assumption or repayment of debts by third parties. 

In
addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and provided that legal counsel to the Company does not advise the Company that
any such notification is inadvisable due to such information being material non-public information or due to such disclosure being a
breach of the fiduciary duties of the officers or Directors of the Company, if Sumitaka Yamamoto becomes aware of the occurrence of the
following matters pertaining to himself and other matters that are important in terms of credit status, etc., he agreed to immediately
report in writing the summary of the following matters that occurred to the investors: 

Filing
 of a lawsuit by a third party which may affect the financial condition of Mr. Yamamoto, or becoming subject to a judgement or any
 order or award equivalent thereto which may affect the financial condition of Mr. Yamamoto; and 

Petition
 for commencement of bankruptcy or civil rehabilitation proceedings, suspension of payment or dishonor of bill or check by a third
 party. 

Pursuant
to the Memorandum, Dentsu has the right to demand that Mr. Yamamoto purchase all or part of the shares held by it (including any other
option rights to acquire shares), in the event that the Company, HeartCore Co. or Mr. Yamamoto breaches any of its obligations under
the Memorandum and fails to remedy such breach within 30 days, if the representations and warranties in the Memorandum are not true or
accurate, or where it is subsequently found that the preconditions for the execution of the Memorandum were not been satisfied. Mr. Yamamoto
may cause a third party to acquire such shares with the approval of Dentsu. 

The
per share-transfer price for the shares in this case shall be the purchase price paid by Dentsu for the acquisition of shares of HeartCore
Co., subject to appropriate adjustments for stock splits, stock consolidations, and similar events involving the shares. In the event
any withholding tax is imposed upon the transfer price of the shares the amount equivalent to such withholding tax will be borne by the
purchaser and the purchaser is required to pay Dentsu the entire amount of the transfer amount so that the amount Dentsu receives after
withholding is the transfer price set forth in the Memorandum. 

The
Company and HeartCore Co. also agreed to hold regular business briefings at least once a quarter and to provide Dentsu with reports on
the business execution of the Company and HeartCore Co. and monthly trial balances of the Company and HeartCore Co. (including balance
sheets, profit and loss statements, and cash flow statements). 

Mr.
Yamamoto agreed that if he wished to transfer all or part of the shares of the Company that he held to a third party, he will notify
Dentsu at least 40 business days prior to the scheduled date of payment of the transfer price of such shares, providing the details regarding
the proposed sale. Dentsu then has the right to participate in the transfer under the same terms and conditions and to transfer all of
the shares held by Dentsu to the buyer in the proposed transaction. If Dentsu makes such an election, Mr. Yamamoto agreed to negotiate
with the buyer and take all necessary measures to transfer the shares that Dentsu desires to transfer. 

28 

The
Memorandum also provides that in the event that Mr. Yamamoto voluntary resigns as a director of the Company or HeartCore Co. or his term
of office expires, the Company or HeartCore Co. shall immediately add another person who shall be concurrently responsible for the obligations
incurred by Mr. Yamamoto in connection with the Memorandum, upon approval of Dentsu. 

The
Memorandum contains customary representations and warranties by Mr. Yamamoto relating to the Company and HeartCore Co. and customary
confidentiality, indemnification and other miscellaneous provisions. The Memorandum is governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of Japan. 

Stock
Purchase Agreement Dentsu Digital Investment Limited 

On
August 10, 2021, the Company and Dentsu Digital Investment Limited Dentsu Digital entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase the 278 shares of HeartCore Co. from Dentsu Digital in accordance with
certain terms and conditions in the Stock Purchase Agreement. In accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the
Company agreed to purchase the 278 shares of HeartCore Co. from Dentsu Digital for 50,040,000 Japanese Yen (approximately 435,500)
on the earlier of the (i) the date the SEC declares effective a registration statement on Form S-1, for a firm commitment
underwritten initial public offering of common stock, filed by the Company with the SEC or (ii) December 20, 2022. 

On
February 24, 2022, the Company purchased 278 shares of HeartCore Co. from Dentsu Digital for 50,040,000 Japanese Yen (approximately 435,500).
As a result, effective February 24, 2022, HeartCore Co. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

29 

Recent
Developments 

Related
Party Transactions 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a due to related party balance of 402 and 1,110, respectively, from Sumitaka Yamamoto, the CEO and
major shareholder of the Company. The balance is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company repaid to the related party for operating expenses the related party paid on behalf of the Company in a net amount of
 575. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company advanced 87,664 to this related party, and the related party paid expenses
of 111,350 on behalf of the Company. As of December 31, 2020, Sumitaka Yamamoto held 467,622 shares issued with repurchase provision
in relation to the stock options the Company granted in May 2016 that he repurchased on behalf of the Company. On November 3, 2021, the
Company redeemed 484,056 shares that Sumitaka Yamamoto held on behalf of the Company for 1 and settled the share repurchase payable to
him of 28, resulting in a gain on shares redemption of 27. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company has a loan receivable balance of 294,919 and 386,315, respectively, from Heartcore Technology Inc., a company controlled
by the CEO of the Company. The loan was made to the related party to support its operation. The balance is unsecured, bears an annual
interest of 1.475 , and requires repayments in installments starting from February 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company loaned 55,212 to this related party, and the related party paid expenses of 13,704 on behalf of the Company. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company received repayments of 44,871 from this related party. 

In June 2020, Suzuyo Shinwart
Corporation became an over 10 shareholder of the Company. In July 2021, Suzuyo Shinwart Corporation sold all its shares of the Company
to the Company s CEO and ceased to be the Company s related party. During the period from January 1, 2021 to July 12, 2021,
when Suzuyo Shinwart Corporation was a related party of the Company, the Company has revenues from this related party of 157,791 from
software sales and incurred cost with this related party of 332,669 for software development services provided. 

Stock
Purchase 

On
August 10, 2021, the Company and Dentsu Digital Investment Limited Dentsu Digital entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to purchase the 278 shares of HeartCore Co. from Dentsu Digital in accordance
with certain terms and conditions in the Stock Purchase Agreement. In accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the
Company shall purchase the 278 shares of HeartCore Co. from Dentsu Digital for 50,040,000 Japanese Yen (approximately 435,500) on
the earlier of the (i) the date the SEC declares effective a registration statement on Form S-1, for a firm commitment underwritten
initial public offering of common stock, filed by the Company with the SEC or (ii) December 20, 2022. 

On
February 24, 2022, the Company purchased 278 shares of HeartCore Co. from Dentsu Digital for 50,040,000 Japanese Yen (approximately 435,500).
As a result, effective February 24, 2022, HeartCore Co. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Redemption 

On
November 3, 2021, the Company redeemed 484,056 shares issued of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. from the CEO of the Company for 1 in total
for the shares related to the early exercise of stock options the CEO held on behalf of the Company. 

Private
Placement 

During
the period from October 27, 2021 through January 13, 2022, the Company issued 400,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 2.50
per share (for an aggregate of 1,000,000 of proceeds) to accredited investors in a private placement under Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D of the Securities Act. 

Equity
Awards 

Our Board of Directors and stockholders approved the 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2021 Plan on August 6, 2021. Under the 2021 Plan, 2,400,000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance
to employees, directors and independent contractors (except those performing services in connection with the offer or sale of the Company s
securities in a capital raising transaction, or promoting or maintaining a market for the Company s securities) of the Company or
its subsidiary. The 2021 Plan authorizes equity-based and cash-based incentives for participants. 

On
December 25, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase 1,534,500 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2021 Plan
at an exercise price of 2.50 per share to various officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Company. The options vest on
each annual anniversary of the date of issuance, in an amount equal to 25 of the applicable shares of common stock, subject to the terms
and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the option award agreements pursuant to which the options were awarded. 

On February
9, 2022, the Company entered into executive employment agreements with five executives and granted 85,820 restricted stock units pursuant
to the 2021 Plan. These common stock vest on each annual anniversary of the date of the employment agreement, in an amount equal to 25 
of the applicable shares of common shares. 

On February 25, 2022, the Company
entered into a service agreement with a marketing company to purchase 6-month marketing services and granted 83,333 restricted stock units.
The restricted stock units were issued and vested on May 15, 2022. 

On August 2, 2022, the Company
awarded options to purchase 2,000 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2021 Plan at an exercise price of 2.94 per
share to an employee. The options vest on each annual anniversary of the date of issuance, in an amount equal to 25 of the applicable
shares of common stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the option award agreements pursuant
to which the options were awarded. 

On August 9, 2022, the Company
awarded options to purchase 14,500 shares of common shares at an exercise price of 2.48 per share to three prior employees of the Company.
The options are fully vested and exercisable on the grant date, with the expiration date on August 9, 2026. 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company granted stock options to an employee to purchase 100,000 common shares at an exercise price of 1.17 per
share throughout a period of ten years from the grant date. The stock options will vest 50 on the grant date and February 1, 2024, respectively.

On March 22, 2023, the Company granted
671,350 shares of common shares to the employees and service providers of Sigmaways. 

30 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
February 14, 2022, we closed our initial public offering of 3,000,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 5.00 per
share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 15.0 million, before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses.
Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on February 10, 2022, under the symbol HTCR . Boustead Securities,
LLC acted as the sole managing underwriter and bookrunner for the offering. 

Share Repurchase Program 

On June
1, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program 2022 Share Repurchase
Program ), pursuant to which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 3.5 million of its outstanding common shares. The timing
and amount of repurchases under the program are determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions
and other factors. This program has no set termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

During the
period from June 1, 2022 through September 30, 2022, the Company repurchased 1,349,390 shares
of common shares at an average price of 2.59 per share totaling approximately 3.5 million (including commissions) under the 2022 Share
Repurchase Program. As of September 30, 2022, the Company has used up the entire balance authorized under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 

On October 18, 2022, the Board 
of Directors approved to retire all the repurchased shares. As of December 31, 2022, all of the 1,349,390 treasury shares have been
retired. 

Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters are located at 1-2-33, Higashigotanda, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan, where we lease approximately 7,863 rentable
square feet of office space from an unaffiliated third party. This lease has an original term ending in September 2023 with automatic
two-year renewal option. Terms of the office lease provide for a base rent payment of 25,309 per month and a share of sales taxes of
 2,531 per month. We also have an office at 2-4-35, Mekaru, Naha-city, Okinawa, Japan, where we lease approximately 890 rentable square
feet of office space from an unaffiliated third party. This lease has an original term ending in August 2023 with automatic annual renewal
option. Terms of the Okinawa office lease provide for a base rent payment of 1,370 per month and a share of sales taxes of 137 per
month. 

Employees
and Human Capital Management 

Helping
millions of organizations grow better requires a truly remarkable team. We are passionate about building a company culture where people
can do their best work. Our company culture and our people are not just human resources priorities but critical business priorities.
As a result, we consistently focus on how we can continue to help employees grow, both personally and professionally. 

Since
2009, we have expanded beyond our Japanese headquarters to several offices globally and have built a large remote community. Currently,
we are operating primarily from our office in Japan. As of December 31, 2022, we had 49 full-time employees. None of our employees is represented
by a union. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Culture
 and Values. Our culture is built on the firm belief that personal and professional growth is just as important as business
 growth. We believe the best people do not only fit our culture, they further it. 

Diversity,
 Inclusion, and Belonging. We have launched various initiatives to further our goal of being a more diverse, inclusive, and
 equitable workplace. We have a team dedicated to diversity, inclusion, and belonging initiatives, including but not limited to, hiring
 goals focused on increasing black, indigenous and people of color representation company-wide, anti-racism training for employees
 and managers, key external partnerships, and our annual diversity report. 

Compensation
 and Benefits. We provide competitive compensation and benefits for our employees globally. Our compensation packages may
 include base salary, commission or semi-annual bonuses, and stock-based compensation. We evaluate both compensation and benefit offerings
 on an annual basis to ensure competitiveness of both programs and we make adjustments as needed. 

Workplace
 awards. We are proud to be named a Best Place to Work in 2020 and 2021 by Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry Japan. 

Hybrid
 Culture and COVID-19. Like other companies, we have learned to adapt during the pandemic. We have prioritized employee safety
 and transparency during the pandemic and continue to do so, ensuring all employees are set up to work remotely and providing clarity
 on office closures and evolving guidelines, where possible. In the third quarter of 2020, we made the decision to permanently move
 to a hybrid workplace model, which means that as of January 1, 2021, our employees have the option to be fully remote, work full-time
 from one of our offices, or have the flexibility to work between office and remotely. This move provides our employees with continued
 flexibility, following the pandemic, to work in person, remotely, or in a hybrid model. This will enable us to grow better in serving
 our customers. 

31 

Government
Regulation 

Our
business is and will continue to be subject to extensive U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, including laws and
regulations involving privacy, data protection, security, intellectual property, competition, taxation, anti-corruption, anti-bribery,
anti-money laundering, and other similar laws. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and are likely to remain uncertain
for the foreseeable future, and these laws and regulations can vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The costs of complying
with these laws and regulations are high and likely to increase in the future. Further, the impact of these laws and regulations may
disproportionately affect our business in comparison to our competitors that have greater resources. 

In
the United States, we are subject to data security and privacy rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade
Commission, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(the CCPA ), and other state and federal laws relating to privacy and data security. The CCPA requires covered businesses
to provide new disclosures to California residents and to provide them new ways to opt-out of the sale of personal information, and provides
a private right of action and statutory damages for data breaches. Other jurisdictions in the United States are beginning to propose
laws similar to the CCPA. 

As
a result of our international operations, we must comply with a multitude of data security and privacy laws that may vary significantly
from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established or is in the process of establishing
data security and privacy legal frameworks with which we or our customers must comply. Our failure to comply with the laws of each jurisdiction
may subject us to significant penalties. For example, the data protection landscape in Europe, including with respect to cross-border
data transfers, is currently unstable and other countries outside of Europe have enacted or are considering enacting cross-border data
transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. We are not presently
a party to any litigation the outcome of which, we believe, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have
a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Defending such proceedings is costly
and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted
with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion
of management resources, and other factors. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities carries a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the
other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, including our historical financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K, before you decide to purchase our securities. Any one of these risks and uncertainties
has the potential to cause material adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results which could
cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements expressed by us and a significant decrease in the value
of our common shares and warrants. Refer to Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

We
may not be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. These potential
risks and uncertainties may not be a complete list of the risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties
that we are presently unaware of, or presently consider immaterial, that may become material in the future and have a material adverse
effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any of these risks and uncertainties. 

32 

Below
is a summary of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

Our
 industry and the markets in which we operate are highly competitive and increased competitive pressures could reduce our share of
 the markets we serve and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows; 

We
 are a holding company and depend upon our subsidiary for our cash flows; 

We
 may require additional funding for our growth plans, and such funding may result in a dilution of your investment; 

We
 currently are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq Capital Market rules and the rules of the SEC and,
 as a result, qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You do not have the same protections afforded
 to stockholders of other companies that are subject to such requirements; 

If
 the voting power of our capital stock continues to be highly concentrated, it may prevent you and other minority stockholders from
 influencing significant corporate decisions and may result in conflicts of interest; 

The
 effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and the duration
 and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain; 

Our
 common stock may be delisted under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditor given
 that they are relying upon support from their China-based offices, and the delisting of our common stock, or the threat of their
 being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment; 

We
 are dependent upon customer renewals, the addition of new customers, increased revenue from existing customers and the continued
 growth of the market for content management, customer experience management, task and process mining, and robotic process automation; 

Our
 subscription renewal rates may decrease, and any decrease could harm our future revenue and operating results; 

If
 we do not accurately predict subscription renewal rates or otherwise fail to forecast our revenue accurately, or if we fail to match
 our expenditures with corresponding revenue, our operating results could be adversely affected; 

Because
 we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions ratably over the term of the agreement, near term changes in sales may not be reflected
 immediately in our operating results; 

We
 face significant competition from both established and new companies offering digital marketing, task and process mining, content
 management, customer experience management, and robotic process automation, and other related applications, as well as internally
 developed software, which may harm our ability to add new customers, retain existing customers and grow our business; 

We
 have experienced rapid growth and organizational change in recent periods and expect continued future growth. If we fail to manage
 our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service or address competitive challenges
 adequately; 

Failure
 to effectively develop and expand our digital marketing, task and process mining, content management, customer experience management,
 and robotic process automation capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance
 of our software; 

The
 rate of growth of our business depends on the continued participation and level of service of our third-party partners; 

We
 may experience quarterly fluctuations in our operating results due to a number of factors, which makes our future results difficult
 to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or our guidance; 

If
 we fail to maintain our inbound thought leadership position, our business may suffer; 

If
 we fail to further enhance our brand and maintain our existing strong brand awareness, our ability to expand our customer base will
 be impaired and our financial condition may suffer; 

If
 we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs
 or requirements, our software may become less competitive; 

If
 we fail to offer high-quality customer support, our business and reputation may suffer; 

We
 may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our customers growing needs and if we are not able to grow efficiently,
 our operating results could be harmed; 

33 

Our
 ability to introduce new products and features is dependent on adequate research and development resources. If we do not adequately
 fund our research and development efforts, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and operating results may be
 harmed; 

Changes
 in the sizes or types of businesses that purchase our software or in the applications within our software purchased or used by our
 customers could negatively affect our operating results; 

We
 have in the past completed acquisitions and may acquire or invest in other companies or technologies in the future, which could divert
 management s attention, fail to meet our expectations, result in additional dilution to our stockholders, increase expenses,
 disrupt our operations or harm our operating results; 

Because
 our long-term growth strategy involves further expansion of our sales to customers outside Japan, our business will be susceptible
 to risks associated with international operations; 

If
 we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion and focus on execution that we
 believe contribute to our success and our business may be harmed; 

We
 rely on our management team and other key employees, and the loss of one or more key employees could harm our business; 

The
 failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel could prevent us from executing our business strategy; 

Interruptions
 or delays in service from our third-party data center providers could impair our ability to deliver our software to our customers,
 resulting in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers, limited growth and reduction in revenue; 

If
 our software has outages or fails due to defects or similar problems, and if we fail to correct any defect or other software problems,
 we could lose customers, become subject to service performance or warranty claims or incur significant costs; 

We
 are dependent on the continued availability of third-party data hosting and transmission services; 

If
 we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our software with third-party applications that our customers use in their businesses,
 our revenue will decline; 

We
 rely on data provided by third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of our software and disrupt our business; 

Privacy
 concerns and end users acceptance of Internet behavior tracking may limit the applicability, use and adoption of our software; 

If
 our or our customers security measures are compromised or unauthorized access to data of our customers or their customers
 is otherwise obtained, our software may be perceived as not being secure, our customers may be harmed and may curtail or cease their
 use of our software, our reputation may be damaged and we may incur significant liabilities; 

Our
 business may suffer if it is alleged or determined that our technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others; 

If
 we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, in Japan and abroad, our competitive position could be impaired and we may
 lose valuable assets, experience reduced revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights; 

Our
 use of open-source software could negatively affect our ability to offer our software and subject us to possible litigation; 

We
 are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information
 security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. Compliance with such laws
 could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue; 

The
 standards that private entities use to regulate the use of email have in the past interfered with, and may in the future interfere
 with, the effectiveness of our software and our ability to conduct business; 

Existing
 federal, state and foreign laws regulate Internet tracking software, the senders of commercial emails and text messages, website
 owners and other activities, and could impact the use of our software and potentially subject us to regulatory enforcement or private
 litigation; 

We
 are subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws that could impair our ability to compete in international
 markets and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws; 

Our
 substantial indebtedness could have important adverse consequences and adversely affect our financial condition; 

We
 may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

34 

Despite
 our level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiary may still be able to incur substantially more debt, including off-balance sheet
 financing, contractual obligations and general and commercial liabilities. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial
 condition described above; and 

There
 can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing standards. 

On March 12, 2023, Signature Bank was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of
Financial Services. On the same date the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver and transferred
all customer deposits and substantially all of the assets of Signature Bank to Signature Bridge Bank, N.A., a full-service bank that is
being operated by the FDIC. The Company automatically became a customer of Signature Bridge Bank, N.A. as part of this action. The Company
held approximately 4.7 million cash deposits at Signature Bridge Bank, N.A. as of March 12, 2023. Normal banking activities resumed on
Monday, March 13, 2023. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Strategy 

We
are a holding company and depend upon our subsidiary for our cash flows. 

We
are a holding company. All of our operations are conducted, and almost all of our assets are owned, by our subsidiary. Consequently,
our cash flows and our ability to meet our obligations depend upon the cash flows of our subsidiary and the payment of funds by this
subsidiary to us in the form of dividends, distributions or otherwise. The ability of our subsidiary to make any payments to us depends
on their earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, including the terms of any credit facilities and legal restrictions. Any failure
to receive dividends or distributions from our subsidiary when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations or financial condition. 

We
may require additional funding for our growth plans, and such funding may result in a dilution of your investment. 

We
attempted to estimate our funding requirements in order to implement our growth plans. If the costs of implementing such plans should
exceed these estimates significantly or if we come across opportunities to grow through expansion plans which cannot be predicted at
this time, and our funds generated from our operations prove insufficient for such purposes, we may need to raise additional funds to
meet these funding requirements. 

These
additional funds may be raised by issuing equity or debt securities or by borrowing from banks or other resources. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we fail to obtain additional
financing on terms that are acceptable to us, we will not be able to implement such plans fully if at all. Such financing even if obtained,
may be accompanied by conditions that limit our ability to pay dividends or require us to seek lenders consent for payment of
dividends, or restrict our freedom to operate our business by requiring lender s consent for certain corporate actions. 

Further,
if we raise additional funds by way of a rights offering or through the issuance of new shares, any shareholders who are unable or unwilling
to participate in such an additional round of fund raising may suffer dilution in their investment. 

The
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and the duration and
extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. 

In
December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and on March 11, 2020,
the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. The pandemic, which has continued to spread, and the related adverse
public health developments, including orders to shelter-in-place, travel restrictions, and mandated business closures, have adversely
affected workforces, organizations, customers, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic downturn and increased
market volatility. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many businesses, including ours. 

35 

For
example, many cities, counties, states, and even countries have imposed or may impose a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement
of our employees, partners and customers to limit the spread of the pandemic, including physical distancing, travel bans and restrictions,
closure of non-essential business, quarantines, work-from-home directives, shelter-in-place orders, and limitations on public gatherings.
These measures have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide.
In March 2020, we temporarily closed our offices, including our corporate headquarters, suspended all company-related travel, and all
HeartCore Co. employees were required to work from home for several months during the height of the pandemic. We cancelled or shifted
our customer and industry events to virtual-only experiences. Although we have begun to slowly re-open our offices on a staggered, region-by-region
basis in accordance with local authority guidelines, we may deem it advisable to similarly alter, postpone or cancel entirely additional
customer, employee or industry events in the future. All of these changes may disrupt the way we operate our business. In addition, our
management team has, and will likely continue, to spend significant time, attention and resources monitoring the pandemic and seeking
to minimize the risk of the virus and manage its effects on our business and workforce. 

Although our company has been
in existence for less than two years, our wholly owned operating subsidiary, HeartCore Co. operated throughout the pandemic and continues
to operate after the pandemic. HeartCore Co. s business is affected by a variety of external factors related to the pandemic and
post-pandemic that are beyond our control. For existing customers, the pandemic had no impact on the use of our software; for new customers
in the travel, hotel, airline, rail, and food service industries in the CX division, the pandemic resulted in a decrease in new orders.
However, although the pandemic is coming to an end, it will take some time before the economy is fully normalized. This results in even
lower sales in 2022 than in 2021. Regarding the impact of the pandemic on the DX sector, demand for our DX software increased as large
companies were forced to change their work patterns, forcing employees to work remotely. In 2022, after the pandemic, a number of employees
left the company, forcing the company to downsize its operations and resulted in a decline in sales. During 2022, we started the GO IPO
business, which supports Japanese companies to list on Nasdaq and NYSE in the United States. As of March 30, 2023, we have entered into
consulting agreements with nine companies to assist them in their IPO process, whereby we are entitled to receive from each company a
consulting fee ranges from 350,000 to 900,000 and warrants or Japanese acquisition rights to purchase one to four percent of the fully-diluted
share capital of such companies that is exercisable on certain dates at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The revenue in the GO IPO
business helped to offset the decline in sales in the CX and DX divisions. 

The
duration and extent of the impact from the pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time,
such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions and the disruption caused
by such actions, the effectiveness of vaccines and other treatments for COVID-19, and the impact of these and other factors on our employees,
customers, partners and vendors. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will
be harmed. 

To
the extent the pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the
other risks described in this Risk Factors section, including, in particular, risks related to our dependence on customer
renewals, the addition of new customers and increased revenue from existing customer, risks that our operating results could be negatively
affected by changes in the sizes or types of businesses that purchase our platform and the risk that weakened global economic conditions
may harm our industry, business and results of operations. 

Our
common stock may be delisted under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditor given
that they are relying upon support from their China-based offices, and the delisting of our common stock, or the threat of their being
delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

The
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCA Act states if the SEC determines
that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for
three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit our shares of common stock from being traded on a national securities
exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the United States. 

36 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation
requirements of the HFCA Act. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to finalize such rules. We will be required to comply
with these rules if the SEC identifies us as having a non-inspection year by evaluating the annual report we file, in
which we will identify the auditor who provide opinions related to the financial statements presented in our annual report, the
location where the auditor s report has been issued and the PCAOB ID number of such audit firm or branch. If we have three
consecutive non-inspection years, the SEC will implement the trading prohibition of our common stock through stop orders, and the
exact timeline for when the SEC will delist an issuer after three consecutive non-inspection years remain imprecise. On June 22,
2021, the United States Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the AHFCAA ), which, if enacted, would decrease
the number of non-inspection years from three years to two, thus reducing the time period before our common stock may be prohibited
from trading or delisted. On December 29, 2022, the AHFCAA was signed into law. 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB
announced and signed a Statement of Protocol (the Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry
of Finance of the People s Republic of China (together, the PRC Authorities ). The Protocol provides the PCAOB with:
(1) sole discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and potential violations it inspects and investigates, without any involvement
of Chinese authorities; (2) procedures for PCAOB inspectors and investigators to view complete audit work papers with all information
included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed; (3) direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated
with the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates. 

On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB
announced in its 2022 HFCA Act Determination Report (the 2022 Report its determination that the PCAOB was able to secure
complete access to inspect and investigate audit firms in the People s Republic of China (PRC), and the PCAOB Board voted to vacate
previous determinations to the contrary. According to the 2022 Report, this determination was reached after the PCAOB had thoroughly tested
compliance with every aspect of the Protocol necessary to determine complete access, including on-site inspections and investigations
in a manner fully consistent with the PCAOB s methodology and approach in the U.S. and globally. According to the 2022 Report, the
PRC Authorities had fully assisted and cooperated with the PCAOB in carrying out the inspections and investigations according to the Protocol,
and have agreed to continue to assist the PCAOB s investigations and inspections in the future. The PCAOB may reassess its determinations
and issue new determinations consistent with the HFCAA at any time. 

Our financial statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been audited by MaloneBailey, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that is headquartered
in the United States with offices in Beijing and Shenzhen, China. MaloneBailey, LLP is not among the PCAOB-registered public accounting
firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong that are subject to PCAOB s determination on December 16, 2021 of having been unable
to inspect or investigate completely. As of the date of this annual report, we have not been identified by the SEC as a commission-identified
issuer under the HFCA Act. However, given that MaloneBailey, LLP is relying upon support from their China-based offices, the trading of
our common stock may be prohibited and our common stock may be delisted from Nasdaq Capital Market or any other U.S. stock exchange under
the HFCA Act if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditor. The prohibition of trading of our common stock and the delisting of our common stock, or the threat of their being
prohibited or delisted, may cause the value of our common stock to significantly decline or, in extreme cases, become worthless. 

While the HFCA Act and AHFCAA are not currently applicable to the Company
because MaloneBailey LLP, the Company s current independent registered public accounting firm, is subject to PCAOB review, if this
changes in the future for any reason, the Company may be subject to the HFCAA and AHFCAA. The implications of this regulation if the Company
were to become subject to it are uncertain. Such uncertainty could cause the market price of our common stock to be materially and adversely
affected, and our securities could be delisted or prohibited from being traded on Nasdaq earlier than would be required by the HFCAA and
AHFCAA. If our common stock is unable to be listed on another securities exchange by then, such a delisting would substantially impair
your ability to sell or purchase the common stock when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting
would have a negative impact on the price of the common stock. 

We
are dependent upon customer renewals, the addition of new customers, increased revenue from existing customers and the continued growth
of the market for content management, customer experience management, task and process mining, and robotic process automation. 

We
derive, and expect to continue to derive, a substantial portion of our revenue from the sale of subscriptions to use our software for
digital marketing, task and process mining, content management, customer experience management, and robotic process animation. The market
for digital marketing, task and process mining, content management, customer experience management, and robotic process animation is
still evolving, and competitive dynamics may cause pricing levels to change as the market matures and as existing and new market participants
introduce new types of point applications and different approaches to enable businesses to address their respective needs. As a result,
we may be forced to reduce the prices we charge for our software and may be unable to renew existing customer agreements or enter into
new customer agreements at the same prices and upon the same terms that we have historically. In addition, our growth strategy involves
a scalable pricing model intended to provide us with an opportunity to increase the value of our customer relationships over time as
we expand their use of our software, sell to other parts of their organizations, cross-sell our sales products to existing marketing
product customers and vice versa through touchless or low touch in product purchases, and upsell additional offerings and features. If
our cross-selling efforts are unsuccessful or if our existing customers do not expand their use of our software or adopt additional offerings
and features, our operating results may suffer. 

Our
subscription renewal rates may decrease, and any decrease could harm our future revenue and operating results. 

Our
customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our software after the expiration of their subscription periods, substantially
all of which are one year or less. In addition, our customers may seek to renew for lower subscription tiers, for fewer contacts or seats,
or for shorter contract lengths. Also, customers may choose not to renew their subscriptions for a variety of reasons. Our renewal rates
may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including limited customer resources, pricing changes, the prices of services
offered by our competitors, adoption and utilization of our services and add-on applications by our customers, adoption of our new software,
customer satisfaction with our services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, reductions in our customers spending
levels or declines in customer activity as a result of economic downturns or uncertainty in financial markets. If our customers do not
renew their subscriptions for our software or decrease the amount they spend with us, our revenue will decline and our business will
suffer. In addition, a subscription model creates certain risks related to the timing of revenue recognition and potential reductions
in cash flows. A portion of the subscription-based revenue we report each quarter results from the recognition of deferred revenue relating
to subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. A decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any period may not be
immediately reflected in our reported financial results for that period, but may result in a decline in our revenue in future quarters.
If we were to experience significant downturns in subscription sales and renewal rates, our reported financial results might not reflect
such downturns until future periods. 

37 

If
we do not accurately predict subscription renewal rates or otherwise fail to forecast our revenue accurately, or if we fail to match
our expenditures with corresponding revenue, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

Because
our recent growth has resulted in the rapid expansion of our business, we do not have a long history upon which to base forecasts of
renewal rates with customers or future operating revenue. As a result, our operating results in future reporting periods may be significantly
below the expectations of the public market, equity research analysts or investors, which could harm the price of our common stock. 

Because
we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions ratably over the term of the agreement, near term changes in sales may not be reflected
immediately in our operating results. 

We
offer our software primarily through a mix of monthly, quarterly and single-year subscription agreements, which are generally paid upfront
and some are with ratable revenue recognition over the subscription period. As a result, some of the revenue we report in each quarter
is derived from agreements entered into during prior months, quarters or years. In addition, we do not record deferred revenue beyond
amounts invoiced as a liability on our balance sheet. A decline in new or renewed subscriptions or marketing solutions agreements in
any one quarter is not likely to be reflected immediately in our revenue results for that quarter. Such declines, however, would negatively
affect our revenue and deferred revenue balances in future periods, and the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance
of our software, and potential changes in our rate of renewals, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future
periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our total revenue and deferred revenue balance through
additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. 

We
face significant competition from both established and new companies offering digital marketing, task and process mining, content management,
customer experience management, and robotic process automation, and other related applications, as well as internally developed software,
which may harm our ability to add new customers, retain existing customers and grow our business. 

The
digital marketing, task and process mining, content management, customer experience management, and robotic process automation market
is evolving, highly competitive and significantly fragmented. With the introduction of new technologies and the potential entry of new
competitors into the market, we expect competition to persist and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase sales,
maintain or increase renewals and maintain our prices. 

We
face intense competition from other companies that develop software for digital marketing, task and process mining, content management,
customer experience management, and robotic process automation and from marketing services companies that provide interactive marketing
services. Competition could significantly impede our ability to sell subscriptions to use our software on terms favorable to us. Our
current and potential competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future products less competitive,
or obsolete. In addition, if these competitors develop software with similar or superior functionality to our software, we may need to
decrease the prices or accept less favorable terms for our software subscriptions in order to remain competitive. If we are unable to
maintain our pricing due to competitive pressures, our margins will be reduced and our operating results will be negatively affected. 

38 

Our
competitors include: 

task
 and process mining vendors; 

email
 marketing software vendors; 

content
 management system providers; 

customer
 experience management system\ providers; 

robotic
 process automation vendors; 

cloud-based
 marketing automation providers; 

large-scale
 enterprise suites; 

customer
 service software providers; and 

Customer
 experience management systems. 

In
addition, instead of using our software, some prospective customers may elect to combine disparate point applications, such as content
management, marketing automation, analytics and social media management. We expect that new competitors, such as enterprise software
vendors that have traditionally focused on enterprise resource planning or other applications supporting back office functions, will
develop and introduce applications serving customer-facing and other front office functions. This development could have an adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, sales force automation and contact relationship management vendors
could acquire or develop applications that compete with our marketing software offerings. Some of these companies have acquired social
media marketing and other marketing software providers to integrate with their broader offerings. 

Our
current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have, be able
to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services, may have more extensive customer
bases and broader customer relationships than we have, and may have longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we have.
As a result, these competitors may respond faster to new technologies and undertake more extensive marketing campaigns for their products.
In a few cases, these vendors may also be able to offer marketing, sales, customer service and content management software at little
or no additional cost by bundling it with their existing suite of applications. To the extent any of our competitors has existing relationships
with potential customers for either marketing software or other applications, those customers may be unwilling to purchase our software
because of their existing relationships with our competitor. If we are unable to compete with such companies, the demand for our software
could substantially decline. 

In
addition, if one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, our ability to compete effectively
could be adversely affected. Our competitors may also establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with our current or future strategic
distribution and technology partners or other parties with whom we have relationships, thereby limiting our ability to promote and implement
our software. We may not be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures may harm our
business, operating results and financial condition. 

We
expect continued future growth and if we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain
high levels of service or address competitive challenges adequately. 

Our
head count and operations have grown. We plan to open international offices in the future. This growth has placed, and will continue
to place, a significant strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate further growth
will be required to address increases in our product offerings and continued expansion. Our success will depend in part upon our ability
to recruit, hire, train, manage and integrate a significant number of qualified managers, technical personnel and employees in specialized
roles within our company, including in technology, sales and marketing. Furthermore, preservation of our corporate culture has been made
more difficult as our work force has been working from home in connection with restrictions placed upon businesses due to the pandemic.
A long-term continuation of these restrictions could, among other things, negatively impact employee morale and productivity. Any failure
to preserve our culture could harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel, innovate and operate effectively
and execute on our business strategy. Furthermore, as our employees work remotely from geographic areas across the globe and more of
our employees work remotely on a permanent basis due to the pandemic, we may need to reallocate our investment of resources and closely
monitor a variety of local regulations and requirements, including local tax laws, and we may experience unpredictability in our expenses
and employee work culture. If we experience any of these effects in connection with future growth, if our new employees perform poorly,
or if we are unsuccessful in recruiting, hiring, training, managing and integrating these new employees, or retaining these or our existing
employees, it could materially impair our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and expand their use of our software,
all of which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

39 

In
addition, to manage the expected continued growth of our head count, operations and geographic expansion, we will need to continue to
improve our information technology infrastructure, operational, financial and management systems and procedures. Our anticipated additional
head count and capital investments will increase our costs, which will make it more difficult for us to address any future revenue shortfalls
by reducing expenses in the short term. If we fail to successfully manage our growth, we will be unable to successfully execute our business
plan, which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Failure
to effectively develop and expand our digital marketing, task and process mining, content management, customer experience management,
and robotic process automation capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance
of our software. 

To
increase total customers and achieve broader market acceptance of our software, we will need to expand our digital marketing, task and
process mining, content management, customer experience management, and robotic process automation operations, including our sales force
and third-party channel partners. We will continue to dedicate significant resources to inbound sales and marketing programs. The effectiveness
of our inbound sales and marketing and third-party channel partners has varied over time and may vary in the future and depends on our
ability to maintain and improve our digital marketing, task and process mining, content management, customer experience management, and
robotic process automation capabilities. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. Our
business will be seriously harmed if our efforts do not generate a correspondingly significant increase in revenue. We may not achieve
anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented sales personnel, if our
new sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or if our sales and marketing programs
are not effective. 

The
rate of growth of our business depends on the continued participation and level of service of our third-party partners. 

We
rely on our task and process mining third-party partners to provide certain services to our customers, as well as pursue sales of our
software to customers. To the extent we do not attract new partners, or existing or new partners do not refer a growing number of customers
to us, our revenue and operating results would be harmed. In addition, if our partners do not continue to provide services to our customers,
we would be required to provide such services ourselves either by expanding our internal team or engaging other third-party providers,
which would increase our operating costs. 

We
may experience quarterly fluctuations in our operating results due to a number of factors, which makes our future results difficult to
predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or our guidance. 

Our
quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many
of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and comparing our
operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. In addition to the other risks described in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, factors that may affect our quarterly operating results include the following: 

changes
 in spending on marketing, task and process mining, content management, customer experience management, and robotic process automation
 software by our current or prospective customers; 

pricing
 our software subscriptions effectively so that we are able to attract and retain customers without compromising our profitability; 

attracting
 new customers for our marketing, sales, customer service, and content management software, increasing our existing customers 
 use of our software and providing our customers with excellent customer support; 

customer
 renewal rates and the amounts for which agreements are renewed; 

global
 awareness of our thought leadership and brand; 

changes
 in the competitive dynamics of our market, including consolidation among competitors or customers and the introduction of new products
 or product enhancements; 

40 

changes
 to the commission plans, quotas and other compensation-related metrics for our sales representatives; 

the
 amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly research and development, sales and marketing expenses and employee
 benefit expenses; 

the
 amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training and integrating new employees while maintaining our company culture; 

our
 ability to manage our existing business and future growth, including increases in the number of customers on our software and the
 introduction and adoption of our software in new markets outside of the United States; 

unforeseen
 costs and expenses related to the expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure, including disruptions in our hosting
 network infrastructure and privacy and data security; 

foreign
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; and 

general
 economic and political conditions in our domestic and international markets. 

We
may not be able to accurately forecast the amount and mix of future subscriptions, revenue and expenses and, as a result, our operating
results may fall below our estimates or the expectations of public market analysts and investors. If our revenue or operating results
fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, or below any guidance we may provide, the price of our common stock
could decline. 

If
we fail to maintain our inbound thought leadership position, our business may suffer. 

We
believe that maintaining our thought leadership position in inbound digital marketing, content management, customer experience management,
and robotic process automation, is an important element in attracting new customers. We devote significant resources to develop and maintain
our thought leadership position, with a focus on identifying and interpreting emerging trends in the inbound experience, shaping and
guiding industry dialog and creating and sharing the best inbound practices. Our activities related to developing and maintaining our
thought leadership may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred
in such effort. We rely upon the continued services of our management and employees with domain expertise with inbound digital marketing,
content management, customer experience management, and robotic process automation, and the loss of any key employees in this area could
harm our competitive position and reputation. If we fail to successfully grow and maintain our thought leadership position, we may not
attract enough new customers or retain our existing customers, and our business could suffer. 

If
we fail to further enhance our brand and maintain our existing strong brand awareness, our ability to expand our customer base will be
impaired and our financial condition may suffer. 

We
believe that our development of the HeartCore brand is critical to achieving widespread awareness of our existing and future inbound
and automation experience solutions, and, as a result, is important to attracting new customers and maintaining existing customers. In
the past, our efforts to build our brand have involved significant expenses, and we believe that this investment has resulted in strong
brand recognition. Successful promotion and maintenance of our brands will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts
and on our ability to provide a reliable and useful software at competitive prices. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased
revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred in building our brand. If we fail to successfully
promote and maintain our brand, our business could suffer. 

If
we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs or requirements,
our software may become less competitive. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to adapt and innovate our software. To attract new customers and increase revenue from existing
customers, we need to continue to enhance and improve our offerings to meet customer needs at prices that our customers are willing to
pay. Such efforts will require adding new functionality and responding to technological advancements, which will increase our research
and development costs. If we are unable to develop new applications that address our customers needs, or to enhance and improve
our software in a timely manner, we may not be able to maintain or increase market acceptance of our software. Our ability to grow is
also subject to the risk of future disruptive technologies. 

41 

If
we fail to offer high-quality customer support, our business and reputation may suffer. 

High-quality
education, training and customer support are important for the successful marketing, sale and use of our software and for the renewal
of existing customers. Providing this education, training and support requires that our personnel who manage our online training or provide
customer support have specific inbound experience domain knowledge and expertise, making it more difficult for us to hire qualified personnel
and to scale up our support operations. The importance of high-quality customer support will increase as we expand our business and pursue
new customers. If we do not help our customers use multiple applications within our software and provide effective ongoing support, our
ability to sell additional functionality and services to, or to retain, existing customers may suffer and our reputation with existing
or potential customers may be harmed. 

We
may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our customers growing needs and if we are not able to grow efficiently,
our operating results could be harmed. 

As
usage of our software grows and as customers use our software for additional inbound applications, we will need to devote additional
resources to improving our application architecture, integrating with third-party systems and maintaining infrastructure performance.
In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our services organization, including customer support
and professional services, to serve our growing customer base, particularly as our customer demographics change over time. Any failure
of or delay in these efforts could cause impaired system performance and reduced customer satisfaction. These issues could reduce the
attractiveness of our software to customers, resulting in decreased sales to new customers, lower renewal rates by existing customers,
the issuance of service credits, or requested refunds, which could impede our revenue growth and harm our reputation. Even if we are
able to upgrade our systems and expand our staff, any such expansion will be expensive and complex, requiring management s time
and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or operational failures as a result of our efforts to scale our infrastructure. Moreover,
there are inherent risks associated with upgrading, improving and expanding our information technology systems. We cannot be sure that
the expansion and improvements to our infrastructure and systems will be fully or effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all.
These efforts may reduce revenue and our margins and adversely affect our financial results. 

Our
ability to introduce new products and features is dependent on adequate research and development resources. If we do not adequately fund
our research and development efforts, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and operating results may be harmed. 

To
remain competitive, we must continue to develop new product offerings, applications, features and enhancements to our existing software.
Maintaining adequate research and development personnel and resources to meet the demands of the market is essential. If we are unable
to develop our software internally due to certain constraints, such as high employee turnover, lack of management ability or a lack of
other research and development resources, we may miss market opportunities. Further, many of our competitors expend a considerably greater
amount of funds on their research and development programs, and those that do not may be acquired by larger companies that would allocate
greater resources to our competitors research and development programs. Our failure to maintain adequate research and development
resources or to compete effectively with the research and development programs of our competitors could materially adversely affect our
business. 

Changes
in the sizes or types of businesses that purchase our software or in the applications within our software purchased or used by our customers
could negatively affect our operating results. 

Our
strategy is to sell subscriptions to our software to mid to enterprise-sized businesses, but we have sold and will continue to sell to
organizations ranging from small businesses to enterprises. Our gross margins can vary depending on numerous factors related to the implementation
and use of our software, including the sophistication and intensity of our customers use of our software and the level of professional
services and support required by a customer. Sales to enterprise customers may entail longer sales cycles and more significant selling
efforts. Selling to small businesses may involve greater credit risk and uncertainty. If there are changes in the mix of businesses that
purchase our software or the mix of the product plans purchased by our customers, our gross margins could decrease and our operating
results could be adversely affected. 

42 

We
may acquire or invest in other companies or technologies in the future, which could divert management s attention, fail to meet
our expectations, result in additional dilution to our stockholders, increase expenses, disrupt our operations or harm our operating
results. 

We
may in the future acquire or invest in, businesses, products or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our software,
enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. We may not be able to fully realize the anticipated benefits
of these or any future acquisitions. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur
various expenses related to identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. 

There
are inherent risks in integrating and managing acquisitions. If we acquire additional businesses, we may not be able to assimilate or
integrate the acquired personnel, operations and technologies successfully or effectively manage the combined business following the
acquisition and our management may be distracted from operating our business. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the
acquired business due to a number of factors, including: unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition; incurrence
of acquisition-related costs, which would be recognized as a current period expense; inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset
acquisition or investment costs; the inability to maintain relationships with customers and partners of the acquired business; the difficulty
of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our software and of maintaining quality and security standards consistent with our
brand; delays in customer purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition; the need to integrate or implement additional controls,
procedures and policies; challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences; harm to our existing business relationships
with business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition; the potential loss of key employees; use of resources that are needed
in other parts of our business and diversion of management and employee resources; the inability to recognize acquired deferred revenue
in accordance with our revenue recognition policies; and use of substantial portions of our available cash or the incurrence of debt
to consummate the acquisition. Acquisitions also increase the risk of unforeseen legal liability, including for potential violations
of applicable law or industry rules and regulations, arising from prior or ongoing acts or omissions by the acquired businesses which
are not discovered by due diligence during the acquisition process. Generally, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations,
our operating results, business and financial condition may suffer. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities
or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

In
addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets,
which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. If our acquisitions do not ultimately yield expected returns, we may be required
to make charges to our operating results based on our impairment assessment process, which could harm our results of operations. 

Because
our long-term growth strategy involves further expansion of our sales to customers outside Japan, our business will be susceptible to
risks associated with international operations. 

A
component of our growth strategy involves the further expansion of our operations and customer base worldwide. We plan to open international
offices in the future. These international offices will focus primarily on sales, professional services and support. Our future international
operations and future initiatives will involve a variety of risks, including: 

difficulties
 in maintaining our company culture with a dispersed and distant workforce; 

more
 stringent regulations relating to data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information; 

the
 timing of our sales with our international clients and related revenue recognition is difficult to predict because of the length
 and unpredictability of the sales cycle for these clients; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements, taxes or trade laws; 

differing
 labor regulations where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to Japan, including deemed hourly wage
 and overtime regulations in these locations; 

challenges
 inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees, including remote employees, over large geographic distances, including
 the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs; 

43 

difficulties
 in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems and regulatory
 systems; 

currency
 exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions
 if we chose to do so in the future; 

global
 economic uncertainty caused by global political events; 

limitations
 on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries; 

limited
 or insufficient intellectual property protection; 

political
 instability or terrorist activities; 

likelihood
 of potential or actual violations of domestic and international anticorruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 and the U.K. Bribery Act, or of U.S. and international export control and sanctions regulations, which likelihood may increase with
 an increase of sales or operations in foreign jurisdictions and operations in certain industries; and 

adverse
 tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash. 

Our
inexperience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake
will not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to establish our international operations and are unable to do so
successfully and in a timely manner, our business and operating results will suffer. We continue to implement policies and procedures
to facilitate our compliance with U.S. laws and regulations applicable to or arising from our international business. Inadequacies in
our past or current compliance practices may increase the risk of inadvertent violations of such laws and regulations, which could lead
to financial and other penalties that could damage our reputation and impose costs on us. 

Our
customers may fail to pay us in accordance with the terms of their agreements, at times necessitating action by us to attempt to compel
payment. 

If
our customers fail to pay us in accordance with the terms of our agreements, we may be adversely affected both from the inability to
collect amounts due and the cost of enforcing the terms of our agreements, including litigation and arbitration costs. The risk of these
issues increases with the term length of our customer arrangements. Furthermore, some of our customers may seek bankruptcy protection
or other similar relief and fail to pay amounts due to us, or pay those amounts more slowly, either of which could adversely affect our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 

We
believe our success depends on continuing to invest in the growth of our worldwide operations by entering new geographic markets. If
our investments in these markets are greater than anticipated, or if our customer growth or sales in these markets do not meet our expectations,
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We
believe our success depends on expanding our business into new geographic markets and attracting customers in countries other than the
United States. We anticipate continuing to expand our operations worldwide and have made, and will continue to make, substantial investments
and incur substantial costs as we enter new geographic markets. This includes investments in facilities, information technology investments,
sales, marketing and administrative personnel and facilities. Often we must make these investments when it is still unclear whether future
sales in the new market will justify the costs of these investments. In addition, these investments may be more expensive than we initially
anticipate. If our investments are greater than we initially anticipate or if our customer growth or sales in these markets do not meet
our expectations or justify the cost of the initial investments, our results of operations and financial condition may be adverse affected. 

General
Risks 

Failure
to comply with laws and regulations could harm our business. 

Our
business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies, including agencies responsible
for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery
laws, import/export controls, federal securities laws and tax laws and regulations. In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements
may be more stringent than those in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to
investigations, sanctions, mandatory recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties
or injunctions. 

44 

We
are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

We
face exposure to movements in currency exchange rates, which may cause our revenue and operating results to differ materially from expectations.
As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased, in particular with respect
to the British Pound Sterling and Japanese Yen. As exchange rates vary, revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses and other operating
results, when re-measured, may differ materially from expectations. In addition, our operating results are subject to fluctuation if
our mix of U.S. and foreign currency denominated transactions and expenses changes in the future. Furthermore, global political events,
including Brexit and similar geopolitical developments, fluctuating commodity prices and trade tariff developments, have caused global
economic uncertainty, which could amplify the volatility of currency fluctuations. Such volatility, even when it increases our revenues
or decreases our expenses, impacts our ability to predict our future results and earnings accurately. Although we may apply certain strategies
to mitigate foreign currency risk, these strategies might not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and would
involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategies and potential
accounting implications. Additionally, as we anticipate growing our business further outside of the United States, the effects of movements
in currency exchange rates will increase as our transaction volume outside of the United States increases. 

Weakened
global economic conditions may harm our industry, business and results of operations. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. Global financial developments and downturns seemingly unrelated
to us or the software industry may harm us. The United States and other key international economies have been affected from time to time
by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility
in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy, including with respect
to tariff and trade issues. In particular, the economies of countries in Europe have been experiencing weakness associated with high
sovereign debt levels, weakness in the banking sector, uncertainty over the future of the Euro zone and volatility in the value of the
pound sterling and the Euro, including instability surrounding Brexit. We have operations, as well as current and potential new customers,
throughout most of Europe. If economic conditions in Europe and other key markets for our software continue to remain uncertain or deteriorate
further, it could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to subscribe to our software, delay prospective customers 
purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscriptions or affect renewal rates, all of which could harm our operating
results. 

Our
ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from growing. 

Our
business and operations may consume resources faster than we anticipate. In the future, we may need to raise additional funds to invest
in future growth opportunities. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available
on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could seriously harm our business and operating
results. If we incur debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets, and the terms
of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue equity
securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock.
Any additional equity or equity-linked financings would be dilutive to our stockholders. Because our decision to issue securities in
any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount,
timing or nature of our future offerings. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of our future securities offerings reducing the
market price of our common stock and diluting their interest. 

45 

The
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provides that state or federal court located within the state of Delaware will be the sole and
exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to
obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Section
21 of our certificate of incorporation and Section 7.4 of our bylaws provides that [u]nless the corporation consents in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf
of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of
the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court
located in the county in which the principal office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is established, in all cases subject
to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange of 1934, as amended,
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any claim for which the federal courts have exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction. Therefore,
the exclusive forum provision in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws will not relieve us of our duty to comply with the federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these
laws, rules and regulations. 

This
exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with
us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us or our directors, officers or other employees.
In addition, shareholders who do bring a claim in the state or federal court in the State of Delaware could face additional litigation
costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. The state or federal court of the State of
Delaware may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a shareholder would otherwise
choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our shareholders. However, the enforceability
of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation have been challenged in legal proceedings,
and it is possible that a court could find this type of provision to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more
of the specified types of actions or proceedings. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our certificate
of incorporation and our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions. 

You
are bound by the fee-shifting provision contained in our bylaws, which may discourage you to pursue actions against us and could discourage
shareholder lawsuits that might otherwise benefit the Company and its shareholders. 

Section
7.4 of our bylaws provides that [i]f any action is brought by any party against another party, relating to or arising out of these
Bylaws, or the enforcement hereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party reasonable attorneys 
fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the prosecution or defense of such action. 

Our
bylaws provide that for this section, the term attorneys fees or attorneys fees and costs means
the fees and expenses of counsel to the Company and any other parties asserting a claim subject to Section 7.4 of the bylaws, which may
include printing, photocopying, duplicating and other expenses, air freight charges, and fees billed for law clerks, paralegals and other
persons not admitted to the bar but performing services under the supervision of an attorney, and the costs and fees incurred in connection
with the enforcement or collection of any judgment obtained in any such proceeding. 

We
adopted the fee-shifting provision to eliminate or decrease nuisance and frivolous litigation. We intend to apply the fee-shifting provision
broadly to all actions except for claims brought under the Exchange Act and Securities Act. 

There
is no set level of recovery required to be met by a plaintiff to avoid payment under this provision. Instead, whoever is the prevailing
party is entitled to recover the reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the prosecution or
defense of such action. Any party who brings an action, and the party against whom such action is brought under Section 7.4 of our bylaws,
which could include, but is not limited to former and current shareholders, Company directors, officers, affiliates, legal counsel, expert
witnesses and other parties, are subject to this provision. Additionally, any party who brings an action, and the party against whom
such action is brought under Section 7.4 of our bylaws, which could include, but is not limited to former and current shareholders, Company
directors, officers, affiliates, legal counsel, expert witnesses and other parties, would be able to recover fees under this provision. 

46 

In
the event you initiate or assert a claim against us, in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions contained in our Bylaws, and
you do not, in a judgment prevail, you will be obligated to reimburse us for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection
with such claim, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney s fees and expenses and costs of appeal, if any. Additionally,
this provision in Section 7.4 of our bylaws could discourage shareholder lawsuits that might otherwise benefit the Company and its shareholders. 

THE
FEE SHIFTING PROVISION CONTAINED IN THE BYLAWS IS NOT INTENDED TO BE DEEMED A WAIVER BY ANY HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY S
COMPLIANCE WITH THE U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER. THE FEE SHIFTING PROVISION CONTAINED
IN THE BYLAWS DO NOT APPLY TO CLAIMS BROUGHT UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT AND SECURITIES ACT. 

Risks
Related to Employee Matters 

If
we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion and focus on execution that we believe
contribute to our success and our business may be harmed. 

We
believe that a critical component to our success has been our company culture, which is based on transparency and personal autonomy.
We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team within this company culture. Any failure to preserve our culture
could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives.
As we grow as and continue to develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects
of our company culture. If we fail to maintain our company culture, our business may be adversely impacted. 

We
rely on our management team and other key employees, and the loss of one or more key employees could harm our business. 

Our
success and future growth depend upon the continued services of our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer, Sumitaka
Yamamoto, and other key employees in the areas of research and development, marketing, sales, services, content management, and general
and administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of
executives, which could disrupt our business. We also are dependent on the continued service of our existing software engineers and information
technology personnel because of the complexity of our software, technologies and infrastructure. We may terminate any employee s
employment at any time, with or without cause, and any employee may resign at any time, with or without cause (In Japan, termination
of employee can only be justified for material cause). The loss of one or more of our key employees could harm our business. 

The
failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel could prevent us from executing our business strategy. 

To
execute our business strategy, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. In particular, we compete with many other companies
for software developers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing cloud-based software, as well as for skilled
information technology, marketing, sales and operations professionals, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining the professionals
we need. Also, inbound sales, marketing, services, and content management domain experts are very important to our success and are difficult
to replace. We have from time to time in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring
and difficulty in retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In particular, we have experienced a competitive
hiring environment in Japan, where we are headquartered and will continue to experience a competitive hiring environment as we recruit
for remote talent worldwide. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we do.
In addition, in making employment decisions, particularly in the software industry, job candidates often consider the value of the stock
options or other equity incentives they are to receive in connection with their employment. If the price of our stock declines, or experiences
significant volatility, our ability to attract or retain key employees will be adversely affected. If we fail to attract new personnel
or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our growth prospects could be severely harmed. 

47 

Risks
Related to Our Technical Operations Infrastructure and Dependence on Third Parties 

Interruptions
or delays in service from our third-party data center providers could impair our ability to deliver our software to our customers, resulting
in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers, limited growth and reduction in revenue. 

We
currently serve some parts of our software functions from third-party data center hosting facilities operated by Amazon and IBM. In addition,
we serve ancillary functions for our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities operated by Amazon, with a backup facility
in Amazon. Our operations depend, in part, on our third-party facility providers abilities to protect these facilities against
damage or interruption from natural disasters, such as earthquakes and hurricanes, actual or threatened public health emergency (e.g.,
COVID-19), power or telecommunications failures, criminal acts and similar events. In the event that any of our third-party facilities
arrangements is terminated, or if there is a lapse of service or damage to a facility, we could experience interruptions in our software
as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. 

Any
damage to, or failure of, the systems of our third-party providers could result in interruptions to our software. Despite precautions
taken at our data centers, the occurrence of spikes in usage volume, a natural disaster, such as earthquakes or hurricane, an act of
terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, a decision to close a facility without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems at a facility
could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our on-demand software. Even with current and planned disaster recovery
arrangements, our business could be harmed. Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate
us for any losses that we may incur. These factors in turn could further reduce our revenue, subject us to liability and cause us to
issue credits or cause customers to fail to renew their subscriptions, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. 

If
our software has outages or fails due to defects or similar problems, and if we fail to correct any defect or other software problems,
we could lose customers, become subject to service performance or warranty claims or incur significant costs. 

Our
software and its underlying infrastructure are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors. We release modifications,
updates, bug fixes and other changes to our software several times per day, without traditional human-performed quality control reviews
for each release. We have from time to time found defects in our software and may discover additional defects in the future. We may not
be able to detect and correct defects or errors before customers begin to use our software or its applications. Consequently, we or our
customers may discover defects or errors after our software has been implemented. 

In
the past, we have experienced software outages caused by power supply failures. Although no data was lost due to the outages, our customers
experienced disruptions in using our software as our website stopped operating as well as our marketing campaigns, e-mail newsletters
and other functions were shut down. Notwithstanding, the outages were short in duration and we are not aware of any negative customer
reviews and negative press as a result of the outages. We believe there was no significant damage to our customer relationships, reputation
and brand due to these outages. We believe the outage did not compromise our ability to meet customer expectations, manage our software,
or meet our operating efficiency and profitability goals. 

Defects
or errors could result in product outages and could also cause inaccuracies in the data we collect and process for our customers, or
even the loss, damage or inadvertent release of such confidential data. We implement bug fixes and upgrades as part of our regular system
maintenance, which may lead to system downtime. Even if we are able to implement the bug fixes and upgrades in a timely manner, any history
of product outages, defects or inaccuracies in the data we collect for our customers, or the loss, damage or inadvertent release of confidential
data could cause our reputation to be harmed, and customers may elect not to purchase or renew their agreements with us. Furthermore,
these issues could subject us to service performance credits (whether offered by us or required by contract), warranty claims or increased
insurance costs. The costs associated with product outages, any material defects or errors in our software or other performance problems
may be substantial and could materially adversely affect our operating results. 

48 

In
addition, third-party apps and features on our software may not meet the same quality standards that we apply to our own development
efforts and, to the extent they contain bugs, vulnerabilities or defects, they may create disruptions in our customers use of
our products, lead to data loss, unauthorized access to customer data, damage our brand and reputation and affect the continued use of
our products, any of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
are dependent on the continued availability of third-party data hosting and transmission services. 

A
significant portion of our operating cost is from our third-party data hosting and transmission services. If the costs for such services
increase due to vendor consolidation, regulation, contract renegotiation, or otherwise, we may not be able to increase the fees for our
software or services to cover the changes. As a result, our operating results may be significantly worse than forecasted. 

If
we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our software with third-party applications that our customers use in their businesses,
our revenue will decline. 

A
significant percentage of our customers choose to integrate our software with certain capabilities provided by third-party application
providers using APIs published by these providers. The functionality and popularity of our software depends, in part, on our ability
to integrate our software with third-party applications and software, including content management systems, customer experience management
systems, e-commerce, call center, analytics and social media sites that our customers use and from which they obtain data. Third-party
providers of applications and APIs may change the features of their applications and software, restrict our access to their applications
and software, or alter the terms governing use of their applications and APIs and access to those applications and software in an adverse
manner. Such changes could functionally limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party applications and software in conjunction
with our software, which could negatively impact our offerings and harm our business. If we fail to integrate our software with new third-party
applications and software that our customers use for marketing, content management, customer experience management, or robotic process
automation purposes, or fail to renew existing relationships pursuant to which we currently provide such integration, we may not be able
to offer the functionality that our customers need, which would negatively impact our ability to generate new revenue or maintain existing
revenue and adversely impact our business. 

We
rely on data provided by third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of our software and disrupt our business. 

Select
functionality of our software depends on our ability to deliver data, including search engine results and social media updates, provided
by unaffiliated third parties, such as Facebook, Google, LinkedIn and Twitter. Some of this data is provided to us pursuant to third-party
data sharing policies and terms of use, under data sharing agreements by third-party providers or by customer consent. In the future,
any of these third parties could change its data sharing policies, including making them more restrictive, or alter its algorithms that
determine the placement, display, and accessibility of search results and social media updates, any of which could result in the loss
of, or significant impairment to, our ability to collect and provide useful data to our customers. These third parties could also interpret
our, or our service providers , data collection policies or practices as being inconsistent with their policies, which could result
in the loss of our ability to collect this data for our customers. Any such changes could impair our ability to deliver data to our customers
and could adversely impact select functionality of our software, impairing the return on investment that our customers derive from using
our solution, as well as adversely affecting our business and our ability to generate revenue. We also rely on the availability and accuracy
of this data, and any changes in the availability or accuracy of such data could adversely impact our business and results of operations
and harm our reputation and brand. 

49 

Privacy
concerns and end users acceptance of Internet behavior tracking may limit the applicability, use and adoption of our software. 

Privacy
concerns may cause end users to resist providing the personal data necessary to allow our customers to use our software effectively.
We have implemented various features intended to enable our customers to better protect end user privacy, but these measures may not
alleviate all potential privacy concerns and threats. Even the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may inhibit market
adoption of our software, especially in certain industries that rely on sensitive personal information. Privacy advocacy groups and the
technology and other industries are considering various new, additional or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional
burdens on us. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by these groups policies and actions may limit the use
and adoption of our software and reduce overall demand for it, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance
or loss of any such action. 

If
our or our customers security measures are compromised or unauthorized access to data of our customers or their customers is otherwise
obtained, our software may be perceived as not being secure, our customers may be harmed and may curtail or cease their use of our software,
our reputation may be damaged and we may incur significant liabilities. 

Our
operations involve the storage and transmission of data of our customers and their customers, including personally identifiable information.
Our storage is typically the sole source of record for portions of our customers businesses and end user data, such as initial
contact information and online interactions. Security incidents could result in unauthorized access to, loss of or unauthorized disclosure
of this information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other possible liabilities, as well as negative publicity, which could damage
our reputation, impair our sales and harm our customers and our business. Cyber-attacks and other malicious Internet-based activity continue
to increase generally, and cloud-based software providers of marketing services have been targeted. If our security measures are compromised
as a result of third-party action, employee or customer error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise,
our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur significant liability. If third parties with whom we work,
such as vendors or developers, violate applicable laws, our security policies or our acceptable use policy, such violations may also
put our customers information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if the security measures
of our customers are compromised, even without any actual compromise of our own systems, we may face negative publicity or reputational
harm if our customers or anyone else incorrectly attributes the blame for such security breaches to us or our systems. We may be unable
to anticipate or prevent techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change frequently and generally
are not detected until after an incident has occurred. As we increase our customer base and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized,
we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems or gain unauthorized access to our customers 
data. Additionally, we provide extensive access to our database, which stores our customer data, to our development team to facilitate
our rapid pace of product development. If such access or our own operations cause the loss, damage or destruction of our customers 
business data, their sales, lead generation, support and other business operations may be permanently harmed. As a result, our customers
may bring claims against us for lost profits and other damages. 

Our
internal computer systems and those of our current and any future strategic collaborators, vendors, and other contractors or consultants
are vulnerable to damage from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, cybersecurity threats, terrorism,
war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Cyber incidents have been increasing in sophistication and frequency and can include
third parties gaining access to employee or customer data using stolen or inferred credentials, computer malware, viruses, spamming,
phishing attacks, ransomware, card skimming code, and other deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access. Because the
techniques used by computer programmers who may attempt to penetrate and sabotage our network security or our website change frequently
and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. Additionally, during the
ongoing pandemic, and potentially beyond as remote work and resource access expand, there is an increased risk that we may experience
cybersecurity-related events such as COVID-19 themed phishing attacks, exploitation of any cybersecurity flaws that may exist, an increase
in the number cybersecurity threats or attacks, and other security challenges as a result of most of our employees and our service providers
continuing to work remotely from non-corporate managed networks. 

50 

If
we were to experience a cyberattack and suffer interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development
programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other disruptions.
These cyber-attacks could be carried out by threat actors of all types (including but not limited to nation states, organized crime,
other criminal enterprises, individual actors and/or advanced persistent threat groups). In addition, we may experience intrusions on
our physical premises by any of these threat actors. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of,
or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability
and our competitive position could be harmed. Any breach, loss, or compromise of personal data may also subject us to civil fines and
penalties, or claims for damages either under foreign laws, and other relevant state and federal privacy laws. 

Many
governments have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security incidents or unauthorized transfers involving
certain types of personal data. In addition, some of our customers contractually require notification of any data security compromise.
Security compromises experienced by our competitors, by our customers or by us may lead to public disclosures, which may lead to widespread
negative publicity. Any security compromise in our industry, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence
in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect
not to renew their subscriptions or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially
and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

There
can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our contracts for a security breach would be enforceable or adequate
or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that
our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms
or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future
claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of
changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

Our
business may suffer if it is alleged or determined that our technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others. 

The
software industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual
and proprietary rights. Companies in the software industry, including those in marketing software, are often required to defend against
litigation claims based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Many of our competitors and
other industry participants have been issued patents and/or have filed patent applications and may assert patent or other intellectual
property rights within the industry. Moreover, in recent years, individuals and groups that are non-practicing entities, commonly referred
to as patent trolls, have purchased patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of
infringement in order to extract settlements. From time to time, we may receive threatening letters or notices or may be the subject
of claims that our services and/or software and underlying technology infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of others.
Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can be time consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management s
attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand and cause us to incur significant expenses. Our technologies may not be able
to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. Claims of intellectual property infringement might require us to redesign
our application, delay releases, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary
or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling our software. If we cannot or do not license the infringed technology
on reasonable terms or at all, or substitute similar technology from another source, our revenue and operating results could be adversely
impacted. Additionally, our customers may not purchase our software if they are concerned that they may infringe third-party intellectual
property rights. The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In
our subscription agreements with our customers, we generally do not agree to indemnify our customers against any losses or costs incurred
in connection with claims by a third party alleging that a customer s use of our services or software infringes the intellectual
property rights of the third party. There can be no assurance, however, that customers will not assert a common law indemnity claim or
that any existing limitations of liability provisions in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate, or would otherwise protect us
from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Our customers who are accused of intellectual property infringement
may in the future seek indemnification from us under common law or other legal theories. If such claims are successful, or if we are
required to indemnify or defend our customers from these or other claims, these matters could be disruptive to our business and management
and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

51 

If
we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, in Japan and abroad, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose
valuable assets, experience reduced revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 

Our
success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products and services. However,
the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if
we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Any of our trademarks or other
intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Furthermore, legal
standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our
precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our technology and use information that we regard as proprietary
to create products and services that compete with ours. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer
and disclosure of our offerings may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions and foreign countries. In addition, the
laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of Japan or the United States. To the extent
we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our technology and proprietary information may
increase. 

We
enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements
with the parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances. No assurance can be given that these agreements will
be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our products and proprietary information. Further, these agreements may not
prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our software and
offerings. 

We
may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation may be necessary in
the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could be costly, time consuming
and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts
to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability
of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well
as any costly litigation, could delay further sales or the implementation of our software and offerings, impair the functionality of
our software and offerings, delay introductions of new features or enhancements, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies
into our software and offerings, or injure our reputation. 

Our
use of open-source software could negatively affect our ability to offer our software and subject us to possible litigation. 

A
substantial portion of our cloud-based software incorporates so-called open source software, and we may incorporate additional
open-source software in the future. Open-source software is generally freely accessible, usable and modifiable. Certain open-source licenses
may, in certain circumstances, require us to offer the components of our software that incorporate the open-source software for no cost,
that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open-source
software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. If an author
or other third party that distributes open source software we use were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one
or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject
to significant damages, including being enjoined from the offering of the components of our software that contained the open source software
and being required to comply with the foregoing conditions, which could disrupt our ability to offer the affected software. We could
also be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software. Litigation could be costly for
us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition and require us to devote additional research and
development resources to change our products. 

52 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

We
are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information
security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. Compliance with such laws could
also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 

Our
handling of data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including regulation by various government agencies, including the
Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, Personal Information Protection Commission Japan (the PPCJ ), the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), and various state, local and foreign agencies. We collect personally identifiable information
and other data from our customers and leads. We also handle personally identifiable information about our customers customers.
We use this information to provide services to our customers, to support, expand and improve our business. We may also share customers 
personally identifiable information with third parties as authorized by the customer or as described in our privacy policy. 

The
Japanese and U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution,
use and storage of personal information of individuals. In the United States, the FTC and many state attorneys general are applying federal
and state consumer protection laws, and in Japan, the PPCJ are issuing orders and guidelines based on the Personal Information Protection
Act, as imposing standards for the online collection, use and dissemination of data. However, these obligations may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other requirements or our practices.
Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy or security laws, policies, legal obligations or industry standards or
any security incident that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other customer data
may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties and/or adverse publicity, and could cause our customers
to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

Laws
and regulations concerning privacy, data protection and information security are evolving, and changes to such laws and regulations could
require us to change features of our software or restrict our customers ability to collect and use email addresses, page viewing
data and personal information, which may reduce demand for our software. Our failure to comply with national, federal, state and international
data privacy laws and regulations could harm our ability to successfully operate our business and pursue our business goals. For example,
California recently enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA that, among other things, require covered companies
to provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information.
The CCPA recently was amended and it is not yet fully clear how the CCPA will be enforced and how certain of its requirements will be
interpreted. We cannot yet predict the impact of the CCPA on our business or operations, but it may require us to modify our data processing
practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. 

Additionally,
a new California ballot initiative, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA was passed in November 2020 and became
effective starting on January 1, 2023, the CPRA imposes additional obligations on companies covered by the legislation and will significantly
modify the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information. The CPRA also
creates a new state agency that will be vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. The effects of the CCPA
and the CPRA are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data collection or processing practices and policies and to
incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation. 

Certain
other state laws impose similar privacy obligations and we also expect anticipate that more states to may enact legislation similar to
the CCPA, which provides consumers with new privacy rights and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain
personal information of such consumers. The CCPA has prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation.
Such proposed legislation, if enacted, may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk,
require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and
could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. 

53 

In
addition, on March 2, 2021, Virginia enacted the Consumer Data Protection Act (the CDPA ), which become effective on January
1, 2023. The CDPA regulates how businesses (which the CDPA refers to as controllers collect and share personal information.
While the CDPA incorporates many similar concepts of the CCPA and CPRA, there are also several key differences in the scope, application,
and enforcement of the law that will change the operational practices of controllers. The new law impacts how controllers collect and
process personal sensitive data, conduct data protection assessments, transfer personal data to affiliates, and respond to consumer rights
requests. 

In
addition, several foreign jurisdictions, including the European Union and Canada, have regulations dealing with the collection and use
of personal information obtained from their residents, which are often more restrictive than those in the U.S. Laws and regulations in
these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of personal information that identifies or
may be used to identify an individual. In relevant part, these laws and regulations may affect our ability to engage in lead generation
activities by imposing heightened requirements, such as affirmative opt-ins or consent prior to sending commercial correspondence or
engaging in electronic tracking activities. For example, a recent ruling of the European Court of Justice in Case C-673/17 provides that
a pre-checked opt-in is insufficient to constitute a valid active consumer consent to cookie storage. In order to obtain the adequate
protection status under the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), the Japanese laws
and regulations in this area were amended as much as practically possible by January 23, 2019 and thus the collection, use and transfer
of personal data is similarly restricted. 

Within
the European Union, legislators have adopted the GDPR and which became effective in May 2018 which may impose additional obligations
and risk upon our business and which may increase substantially the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance.
In addition, further to the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the
United Kingdom at the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the United Kingdom s European
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain United Kingdom specific
amendments) into United Kingdom law (the UK GDPR ). The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the United Kingdom s
data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the European Union s data protection regime. Non-compliance with
the UK GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to 17.5 million or 4 of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. The United
Kingdom, however, is now regarded as a third country under the European Union s GDPR which means that transfers of personal data
from the European Economic Area to the United Kingdom will be restricted unless an appropriate safeguard, as recognized by the European
Union s GDPR, has been put in place. However, under the EU-UK Trade Cooperation Agreement it is lawful to transfer personal data
between the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area for a 6 month period following the end of the transition period, with a view
to achieving an adequacy decision from the European Commission during that period. Like the GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data
transfers outside the United Kingdom to countries not regarded by the United Kingdom as providing adequate protection (this means that
personal data transfers from the United Kingdom to the European Economic Area remain free flowing). 

On
July 12, 2016, the European Commission adopted the EU-US Privacy Shield, a framework for the transfer of personal data from the European
Union to the United States, as a successor to the Safe Harbor framework that was invalidated by the European Court of Justice in October
2015. On July 16, 2020, the European Court of Justice invalidated the EU US Privacy Shield ruling that it failed to offer adequate
protections for European Union personal data transferred to the United States. The European Court of Justice, in the same decision, deemed
that the Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs ), approved by the European Commission for transfers of personal data between
European Union controllers and non-European Union processors are valid, however the European Court of Justice deemed that transfers made
pursuant to the SCCs need to be analyzed on a case-by-case basis to ensure the European Union s standards of data protection are
met. Our customer agreements include SCCs. However, as a result of this decision, companies may be required to adopt additional measures
to accomplish transfers of personal data to the United States and other third countries in compliance with the GDPR, and there continue
to be concerns about whether the SCCs will face additional challenges. Until the remaining legal uncertainties regarding how to legally
continue these transfers are settled, we will continue to face uncertainty as to whether our customers will be permitted to transfer
personal data to the United States for processing by us as part of our software services. If such data transfer to the United States
is not permitted, it could have a negative effect on our existing business and on our ability to attract and retain new customers. Our
customers may view alternative data transfer mechanisms as being too costly, too burdensome, too legally uncertain or otherwise objectionable
and therefore decide not to do business with us. For example, some of our customers or potential customers who do business in the European
Union may require their vendors to host all personal data within the European Union and may decide to do business with one of our competitors
who hosts personal data within the European Union instead of doing business with us. 

54 

The
regulatory framework governing the collection, processing, storage, use and sharing of certain information, particularly financial and
other personal information, is rapidly evolving and is likely to continue to be subject to uncertainty and varying interpretations. It
is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices
or the features of our services and software capabilities. Any failure or perceived failure by us, or any third parties with which we
do business, to comply with our posted privacy policies, changing consumer expectations, evolving laws, rules and regulations, industry
standards, or contractual obligations to which we or such third parties are or may become subject, may result in actions or other claims
against us by governmental entities or private actors, the expenditure of substantial costs, time and other resources or the incurrence
of significant fines, penalties or other liabilities. In addition, any such action, particularly to the extent we were found to be guilty
of violations or otherwise liable for damages, would damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

We
publicly post documentation regarding our practices concerning the collection, processing, use and disclosure of data. Although we endeavor
to comply with our published policies and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. Any failure
or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies or any applicable privacy, security or data protection, information security
or consumer-protection related laws, regulations, orders or industry standards could expose us to costly litigation, significant awards,
fines or judgments, civil and/or criminal penalties or negative publicity, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. The publication of our privacy policy and other documentation that provide promises and assurances
about privacy and security can subject us to potential state and federal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative
of our actual practices, which could, individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

If
our privacy or data security measures fail to comply with current or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to claims, legal
proceedings or other actions by individuals or governmental authorities based on privacy or data protection regulations and our commitments
to customers or others, as well as negative publicity and a potential loss of business. Moreover, if future laws and regulations limit
our subscribers ability to use and share personal information or our ability to store, process and share personal information,
demand for our solutions could decrease, our costs could increase, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could
be harmed. 

We
could face liability, or our reputation might be harmed, as a result of the activities of our customers, the content of their websites
or the data they store on our servers. 

As
a provider of a cloud-based inbound marketing, content management, customer experience management, and robotic process automation software,
we may be subject to potential liability for the activities of our customers on or in connection with the data they store on our servers.
Although our customer terms of use prohibit illegal use of our services by our customers and permit us to take down websites or take
other appropriate actions for illegal use, customers may nonetheless engage in prohibited activities or upload or store content with
us in violation of applicable law or the customer s own policies, which could subject us to liability or harm our reputation. Furthermore,
customers may upload, store, or use content on our software that may violate our policy on acceptable use which prohibits content that
is threatening, abusive, harassing, deceptive, false, misleading, vulgar, obscene, or indecent. While such content may not be illegal,
use of our software for such content could harm our reputation resulting in a loss of business. 

Several
U.S. federal statutes may apply to us with respect to various customer activities: 

The
 Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 DMCA provides recourse for owners of copyrighted material who believe that
 their rights under U.S. copyright law have been infringed on the Internet. Under the DMCA, based on our current business activity
 as an Internet service provider that does not own or control website content posted by our customers, we generally are not liable
 for infringing content posted by our customers or other third parties, provided that we follow the procedures for handling copyright
 infringement claims set forth in the DMCA. Generally, if we receive a proper notice from, or on behalf, of a copyright owner alleging
 infringement of copyrighted material located on websites we host, and we fail to expeditiously remove or disable access to the allegedly
 infringing material or otherwise fail to meet the requirements of the safe harbor provided by the DMCA, the copyright owner may seek
 to impose liability on us. Technical mistakes in complying with the detailed DMCA take-down procedures could subject us to liability
 for copyright infringement. 

55 

The
 Communications Decency Act of 1996 (the CDA generally protects online service providers, such as us, from liability
 for certain activities of their customers, such as the posting of defamatory or obscene content, unless the online service provider
 is participating in the unlawful conduct. Under the CDA, we are generally not responsible for the customer-created content hosted
 on our servers. Consequently, we do not monitor hosted websites or prescreen the content placed by our customers on their sites.
 However, the CDA does not apply in foreign jurisdictions and we may nonetheless be brought into disputes between our customers and
 third parties which would require us to devote management time and resources to resolve such matters and any publicity from such
 matters could also have an adverse effect on our reputation and therefore our business. 

In
 addition to the CDA, the Securing the Protection of our Enduring and Established Constitutional Heritage Act (the SPEECH Act provides a statutory exception to the enforcement by a U.S. court of a foreign judgment for defamation under certain circumstances.
 Generally, the exception applies if the defamation law applied in the foreign court did not provide at least as much protection for
 freedom of speech and press as would be provided by the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution or by the constitution and law of
 the state in which the U.S. court is located, or if no finding of defamation would be supported under the First Amendment of the
 U.S. Constitution or under the constitution and law of the state in which the U.S. court is located. Although the SPEECH Act may
 protect us from the enforcement of foreign judgments in the United States, it does not affect the enforceability of the judgment
 in the foreign country that issued the judgment. Given our international presence, we may therefore, nonetheless, have to defend
 against or comply with any foreign judgments made against us, which could take up substantial management time and resources and damage
 our reputation. 

In
 Japan, the statute which provides similar protection is the Provide Liability Limitation Act (the law No, 137 of 2001, as amended).
 This law provides for the limitation of liability on Internet service providers and the rights of persons whose copyrights or privacy
 have been infringed or who were subject to defamation on the Internet, to request disclosure of relevant information on the sender
 of such infringing materials. Under this law, based on our current business activity as an Internet service provider that does not
 own or control website content posted by our customers, we generally are not liable for infringing content posted by our customers
 or other third parties, provided that we meet the requirements under this law. 

Although
these statutes and case law in the United States have generally shielded us from liability for customer activities to date, court rulings
in pending or future litigation may narrow the scope of protection afforded us under these laws. In addition, laws governing these activities
are unsettled in many international jurisdictions, or may prove difficult or impossible for us to comply with in some international jurisdictions.
Also, notwithstanding the exculpatory language of these bodies of law, we may become involved in complaints and lawsuits which, even
if ultimately resolved in our favor, add cost to our doing business and may divert management s time and attention. Finally, other
existing bodies of law, including the criminal laws of various states, may be deemed to apply or new statutes or regulations may be adopted
in the future, any of which could expose us to further liability and increase our costs of doing business. 

The
standards that private entities use to regulate the use of email have in the past interfered with, and may in the future interfere with,
the effectiveness of our software and our ability to conduct business. 

Our
customers rely on email to communicate with their existing or prospective customers. Various private entities attempt to regulate the
use of email for commercial solicitation. These entities often advocate standards of conduct or practice that significantly exceed current
legal requirements and classify certain email solicitations that comply with current legal requirements as spam. Some of these entities
maintain blacklists of companies and individuals, and the websites, internet service providers and internet protocol addresses
associated with those entities or individuals that do not adhere to those standards of conduct or practices for commercial email solicitations
that the blacklisting entity believes are appropriate. If a company s internet protocol addresses are listed by a blacklisting
entity, emails sent from those addresses may be blocked if they are sent to any internet domain or internet address that subscribes to
the blacklisting entity s service or purchases its blacklist. 

56 

From
time to time, some of our internet protocol addresses may become listed with one or more blacklisting entities due to the messaging practices
of our customers. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to successfully remove ourselves from those lists. Blacklisting of this
type could interfere with our ability to market our software and services and communicate with our customers and, because we fulfill
email delivery on behalf of our customers, could undermine the effectiveness of our customers email marketing campaigns, all of
which could have a material negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

Existing
federal, state and foreign laws regulate Internet tracking software, the senders of commercial emails and text messages, website owners
and other activities, and could impact the use of our software and potentially subject us to regulatory enforcement or private litigation. 

Certain
aspects of how our customers utilize our software are subject to regulations in the United States, European Union and elsewhere. In recent
years, U.S. and European lawmakers and regulators have expressed concern over the use of third-party cookies or web beacons for online
behavioral advertising, and legislation adopted recently in the European Union requires informed consent for the placement of a cookie
on a user s device. Regulation of cookies and web beacons may lead to restrictions on our activities, such as efforts to understand
users Internet usage. New and expanding Do Not Track regulations have recently been enacted or proposed that protect
users right to choose whether or not to be tracked online. These regulations seek, among other things, to allow end users to have
greater control over the use of private information collected online, to forbid the collection or use of online information, to demand
a business to comply with their choice to opt out of such collection or use, and to place limits upon the disclosure of information to
third party websites. These policies could have a significant impact on the operation of our software and could impair our attractiveness
to customers, which would harm our business. 

Many
of our customers and potential customers in the healthcare, financial services and other industries are subject to substantial regulation
regarding their collection, use and protection of data and may be the subject of further regulation in the future. Accordingly, these
laws or significant new laws or regulations or changes in, or repeals of, existing laws, regulations or governmental policy may change
the way these customers do business and may require us to implement additional features or offer additional contractual terms to satisfy
customer and regulatory requirements, or could cause the demand for and sales of our software to decrease and adversely impact our financial
results. 

In
addition, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (the CAN-SPAM Act establishes
certain requirements for commercial email messages and specifies penalties for the transmission of commercial email messages that are
intended to deceive the recipient as to source or content. The CAN-SPAM Act, among other things, obligates the sender of commercial emails
to provide recipients with the ability to opt out of receiving future commercial emails from the sender. The ability of our customers 
message recipients to opt out of receiving commercial emails may minimize the effectiveness of the email components of our software.
In addition, certain states and foreign jurisdictions, such as Australia, Canada and the European Union, have enacted laws that regulate
sending email, and some of these laws are more restrictive than U.S. laws. For example, some foreign laws prohibit sending unsolicited
email unless the recipient has provided the sender advance consent to receipt of such email, or in other words has opted-in 
to receiving it. A requirement that recipients opt into, or the ability of recipients to opt out of, receiving commercial emails may
minimize the effectiveness of our software. 

While
these laws and regulations generally govern our customers use of our software, we may be subject to certain laws as a data processor
on behalf of, or as a business associate of, our customers. For example, laws and regulations governing the collection, use and disclosure
of personal information include, in the United States, rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission,
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and state breach notification laws,
and internationally, the Data Protection Directive in the European Union and the Federal Data Protection Act in Germany. If we were found
to be in violation of any of these laws or regulations as a result of government enforcement or private litigation, we could be subjected
to civil and criminal sanctions, including both monetary fines and injunctive action that could force us to change our business practices,
all of which could adversely affect our financial performance and significantly harm our reputation and our business. 

57 

We
are subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws that could impair our ability to compete in international markets
and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 

Our
business activities are subject to various restrictions under U.S. export controls and trade and economic sanctions laws, including the
U.S. Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations and economic and trade sanctions regulations maintained by the U.S.
Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of
our employees could be subject to civil or criminal penalties and reputational harm. Obtaining the necessary authorizations, including
any required license, for a particular transaction may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales
opportunities. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions laws prohibit certain transactions with U.S. embargoed or
sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities. Although we take precautions to prevent transactions with U.S. sanction targets,
the possibility exists that we could inadvertently provide our solutions to persons prohibited by U.S. sanctions. This could result in
negative consequences to us, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. 

Risks
Related to Taxation 

We
may be subject to additional obligations to collect and remit sales tax and other taxes, and we may be subject to tax liability for past
sales, which could harm our business. 

State,
local, and non-U.S. jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales, use, value added, Digital Services Tax, and other
taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. In particular, the applicability
of such taxes to our software in various jurisdictions is unclear. Further, these jurisdictions rules regarding tax nexus are
complex and vary significantly. As a result, we could face the possibility of tax assessments and audits, and our liability for these
taxes and associated penalties could exceed our original estimates. A successful assertion that we should be collecting additional sales,
use, value added or other taxes in those jurisdictions where we have not historically done so and do not accrue for such taxes could
result in substantial tax liabilities and related penalties for past sales, discourage customers from purchasing our application or otherwise
harm our business and operating results. 

Changes
in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers could increase the costs of our software and adversely impact
our business. 

New
income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time. Any new taxes could adversely
affect our domestic and international business operations, and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes,
rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. These events could require us or
our customers to pay additional tax amounts on a prospective or retroactive basis, as well as require us or our customers to pay fines
and/or penalties and interest for past amounts deemed to be due. If we raise our prices to offset the costs of these changes, existing
and potential future customers may elect not to continue or purchase our software in the future. Additionally, new, changed, modified
or newly interpreted or applied tax laws could increase our customers and our compliance, operating and other costs, as well as
the costs of our software. Any or all of these events could adversely impact our business and financial performance. Furthermore, as
our employees continue to work remotely from geographic locations across the United States and internationally due to the pandemic and
other reasons, we may become subject to additional taxes and our compliance burdens with respect to the tax laws of additional jurisdictions
may be increased. 

We
are a multinational organization faced with increasingly complex tax issues in many jurisdictions, and we could be obligated to pay additional
taxes in various jurisdictions. 

As
a multinational organization, we may be subject to taxation in several jurisdictions around the world with increasingly complex tax laws,
the application of which can be uncertain. The amount of taxes we pay in these jurisdictions could increase substantially as a result
of changes in the applicable tax principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws
and precedents, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and operating results. In addition, the authorities in these
jurisdictions could review our tax returns and impose additional tax, interest and penalties, and the authorities could claim that various
withholding requirements apply to us or our subsidiary or assert that benefits of tax treaties are not available to us or our subsidiary,
any of which could have a material impact on us and the results of our operations. 

58 

Related
to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing standards. 

Prior
to our initial public offering that closed on February 14, 2022, there was no public market for shares of our common stock. Our common
stock is listed on Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol HTCR. There can be no assurance any broker will continue to be
interested in trading our stock. Therefore, it may be difficult to sell your shares of common stock if you desire or need to sell them.
We cannot provide any assurance that an active and liquid trading market in our common stock will develop or, if developed, that such
market will continue. 

There
is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain a listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market for any period of time by perpetually satisfying
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. Our failure to continue to meet these requirements may result in our common stock being
delisted from Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

We
cannot predict the prices at which our common stock will trade. The market price of our common stock depends on a number of factors,
including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to
our operating performance. In addition, the limited public float of our common stock will tend to increase the volatility of the trading
price of our common stock. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock, since you might
not be able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of
our common stock include, but are not limited to, the following: 

actual
 or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations; 

the
 financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or our failure to meet these projections; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new products or new or terminated significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments; 

industry
 or financial analyst or investor reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

rumors
 and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

changes
 in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 

the
 expiration of market stand-off or contractual lock-up agreements and sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

failure
 of industry or financial analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any analysts who follow our company,
 or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

actual
 or anticipated developments in our business, or our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally; 

litigation
 involving us, our industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 

59 

developments
 or disputes concerning our intellectual property rights, our products, or third-party proprietary rights; 

announced
 or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 

new
 laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

any
 major changes in our management or our board of directors, particularly with respect to Mr. Lai; 

general
 economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events. 

In
addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock,
regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the
market prices of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company.
Securities litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources
from our business. This could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

As
a controlled company, we are not subject to all of the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The
 controlled company exception to Nasdaq Capital Market rules provides that a company of which more than 50 of the voting
power is held by an individual, group or another company, a controlled company, need not comply with certain requirements
of Nasdaq Capital Market corporate governance rules. As of March 31, 2023, Sumitaka Yamamoto, our Chief Executive Officer, beneficially
owned an aggregate of 10,995,969 shares of our common stock, which represents 52.8 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock.
As a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq Capital Market, we are exempt from
Nasdaq Capital Market s corporate governance rules requiring that listed companies have (i) a majority of the board of directors
consist of independent directors under the listing standards of Nasdaq Capital Market, (ii) a nominating/corporate governance
committee composed entirely of independent directors and a written nominating/corporate governance committee charter meeting the requirements
of Nasdaq Capital Market, and (iii) a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a written compensation committee
charter meeting the requirements of Nasdaq Capital Market. We currently utilize and presently intend to continue to utilize these exemptions.
Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance
requirements of Nasdaq Capital Market. See Management Controlled Company and Director Independence . 

If
the voting power of our capital stock continues to be highly concentrated, it may prevent you and other minority stockholders from influencing
significant corporate decisions and may result in conflicts of interest. 

Sumitaka
Yamamoto, our Chief Executive Officer, controls approximately 52.8 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock.
As a result, Mr. Yamamoto will have majority voting power over all matters requiring stockholder votes, including the election of directors;
mergers, consolidations and acquisitions; the sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other decisions affecting our capital
structure; amendments to our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; and our winding up and dissolution. 

This
concentration of voting power may delay, deter or prevent acts that would be favored by our other stockholders. The interests of Mr.
Yamamoto may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of our other stockholders. This concentration of voting power may
also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of us. Also, Mr. Yamamoto may seek to cause us to take
courses of action that, in his judgment, could enhance his investment in us, but which might involve risks to our other stockholders
or adversely affect us or our other stockholders. As a result, the market price of our common stock could decline or stockholders might
not receive a premium over then-current market price of our common stock upon a change in control. In addition, this concentration of
voting power may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning shares
in a company with significant stockholders. See Executive Compensation and Description of Securities. 

60 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to do so in the future. 

Holders
of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. To date, we have paid
no cash dividends on our shares of common stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operations of our business. Therefore, any return investors in our
common stock may have will be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market value of their shares of common stock. See Dividend
Policy. 

Our
common stock may be subject to the penny stock rules in the future. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified
as penny stock. 

Our
common stock may be subject to penny stock rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share price
below 5.00) in the future. While our common stock is not currently considered penny stock since it is listed on Nasdaq,
if we are unable to maintain that listing and our common stock is no longer listed on Nasdaq, unless we maintain a per-share price above
 5.00, our common stock will become penny stock. These rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify as established customers or
 accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments
in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also
must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and
its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account, provide a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal
remedies available to an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities
laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms
that committed the fraud for damages. 

These
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements
may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

Many
brokerage firms will discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest
in penny stocks. In addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial
risk generally associated with these investments. 

For
these reasons, penny stocks may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if
ever, our common stock will not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

61 

If
the benefits of any proposed acquisition do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price
of our common stock may decline. 

If
the benefits of any proposed acquisition do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our common
stock prior to the closing of the proposed acquisition may decline. The market values of our common stock at the time of the proposed
acquisition may vary significantly from their prices on the date the acquisition target was identified. 

In
addition, broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock irrespective of our operating performance.
The stock market in general has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be
predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive
to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations.
A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability
to obtain additional financing in the future. 

As
an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we are permitted to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions
from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have
 an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply
 with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation
 or a supplement to the auditors report providing additional information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements
 (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit
 certain executive compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency 
 and 

disclose
 certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons
 of the chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 

In
addition, Section 102 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our consolidated financial statements may therefore
not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of: (i) the end of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross
revenue is 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common shares that are held by non-affiliates
is at least 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter; (iii) the date on which
we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and (iv) the end of the fiscal
year during which the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering (which closed on February 14, 2022) occurs. 

Until
such time, however, we cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the
price of our securities may be more volatile. 

62 

If
we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence
in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. 

As
a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal control. Further, we will be required to report any changes in internal controls on a quarterly basis. In addition, we are required
to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. We will design, implement, and test the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with these obligations. If
we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of
Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered
public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting when
required, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the value of our securities could
be negatively affected. We also could become subject to investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require
additional financial and management resources. 

As
an emerging growth company, our auditor is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
while we are an emerging growth company. This means that the effectiveness of our financial operations may differ from our peer companies
in that they may be required to obtain independent registered public accounting firm attestations as to the effectiveness of their internal
controls over financial reporting and we are not. While our management will be required to attest to internal control over financial
reporting and we will be required to detail changes to our internal controls on a quarterly basis, we cannot provide assurance that the
independent registered public accounting firm s review process in assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting, if obtained, would not find one or more material weaknesses or significant deficiencies. Further, once we cease to be an emerging
growth company and cease to be a smaller reporting company (as described below), we will be subject to independent registered public
accounting firm attestation regarding the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Even if management finds such
controls to be effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may decline to attest to the effectiveness of such internal
controls and issue a qualified report. 

We
believe we will be considered a smaller reporting company and will be exempt from certain disclosure requirements, which could make our
common stock less attractive to potential investors. 

Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that: 

had
 a public float of less than 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed
 by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the
 price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity, in the principal market
 for the common equity; or 

in
 the case of an initial registration statement under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act for shares of its common equity, had a
 public float of less than 250 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement, computed
 by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus, in the case of
 a Securities Act registration statement, the number of such shares included in the registration statement by the estimated public
 offering price of the shares; or 

in
 the case of an issuer whose public float as calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of this definition was zero or whose public float
 was less than 700 million, had annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which
 audited financial statements are available. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not be required to, and may not, include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in our proxy
statements; we will provide only two years of financial statements; and we need not provide the table of selected financial data. We
also will have other scaled disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting
companies which could make our common stock less attractive to potential investors, which could make it more difficult for our stockholders
to sell their shares. 

63 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new
compliance initiatives. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not previously incur as a private company. In
addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance
of effective disclosure and financial controls. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these
compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will
incur as a public company or the timing of such costs. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial
reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, will be required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting the later of our second annual report on Form 10-K or the first annual
report on Form 10-K following the date on which we are no longer an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company. Our compliance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management
efforts. We currently do not have an internal audit group, and we will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate
public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a
timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the value of our securities could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or
investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

Our
ability to successfully implement our business plan and comply with Section 404 requires us to be able to prepare timely and accurate
financial statements. We expect that we will need to continue to improve existing, and implement new operational and financial systems,
procedures and controls to manage our business effectively. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, new
or enhanced systems, procedures or controls, may cause our operations to suffer and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective and to obtain an unqualified report on internal controls from our auditors as required under Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on value of our securities, and could adversely affect our
ability to access the capital markets. 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

The
Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes
in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include: 

no
 cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the
 exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors
 or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of
 directors; 

the
 ability of our board of directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other
 terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly
 dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

64 

providing
 that a special meeting of the stockholders may only be called by a majority of the board of directors; 

providing
 that directors may be removed prior to the expiration of their terms by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 2/3
 of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote; and 

advance
 notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters
 to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation
 of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of the Company or changes in our board of directors
and management. 

Any
provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control
could limit the opportunity for our security holders to receive a premium for their securities and could also affect the price that some
investors are willing to pay for our securities. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters are located at 1-2-33, Higashigotanda, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan, where we lease approximately 7,863 rentable
square feet of office space from an unaffiliated third party. This lease has an original term ending in September 2023 with an automatic
two-year renewal option. Terms of the office lease provide for a base rent payment of 25,309 per month and a share of sales taxes of
 2,531 per month. We also have an office at 2-4-35, Mekaru, Naha-city, Okinawa, Japan, where we lease approximately 890 rentable
square feet of office space from an unaffiliated third party. This lease has an original term ending in August 2023 with automatic
annual renewal option. Terms of the Okinawa office lease provide for a base rent payment of 1,370 per month
and a share of sales taxes of 137 per month. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current and near-term future needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. To the knowledge of
our management, there are no legal proceedings currently pending against us which we believe would have a material effect on our business,
financial position or results of operations and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened.
Defending such proceedings is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. The results of any current or future
litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of
defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed The Nasdaq Capital Market and its stock symbol is HTCR. The closing price of our common stock on
Nasdaq on March 30, 2023 was 1.00. 

65 

Holders 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were 20,842,690 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and we had approximately 56 holders of record
of our common stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held
in the names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in the development and expansion of our business. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Our
Board of Directors and stockholders approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan on August 6, 2021. Under the
2021 Plan, 2,400,000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance to employees, directors and independent contractors (except those
performing services in connection with the offer or sale of the Company s securities in a capital raising transaction or promoting
or maintaining a market for the Company s securities) of the Company or its subsidiary. The 2021 Plan authorizes equity-based and
cash-based incentives for participants. As of March 30, 2022, there were 6,330 shares authorized for issuance under
the 2021 Plan. 

On
December 25, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase 1,534,500 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2021 Plan
at an exercise price of 2.50 per share to various officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Company. The options vest on
each annual anniversary of the date of issuance, in an amount equal to 25 of the applicable shares of common stock, subject to the terms
and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the option award agreements pursuant to which the options were awarded. 

On February 9, 2022, the Company
entered into executive employment agreements with five executives and granted 85,820 restricted stock units pursuant to the 2021 Plan.
These common stock vest on each annual anniversary of the date of the employment agreement, in an amount equal to 25 of the applicable
shares of common shares. 

On
August 2, 2022, the Company awarded options to purchase 2,000 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2021 Plan at an
exercise price of 2.94 per share to an employee. The options vest on each annual anniversary of the date of issuance, in an amount
equal to 25 of the applicable shares of common stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the
option award agreements pursuant to which the options were awarded. 

66 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company granted stock options to an employee to purchase 100,000 common shares at an exercise price of 1.17 per
share throughout a period of ten years from the grant date. The stock options will vest 50 on the grant date and February 1, 2024, respectively.

On
March 22, 2023, the Company granted 671,350 shares of common s hares to the employees and service providers of Sigmaways. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

On June 1, 2022, the Board of
 Directors approved a share repurchase program 2022 Share Repurchase Program ),
pursuant to which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 3.5 million of its outstanding common shares. The timing and amount of
repurchases under the program are determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other
factors. This program has no set termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

During the period from June 1,
2022 through September 30, 2022, the Company repurchased 1,349,390 shares of common shares at an average price of 2.59 per share totaling
approximately 3.5 million (including commissions) under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. As of September 30, 2022, the Company has
used up the entire balance authorized under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 

On October 18, 2022, the
Board of Directors approved to retire all the repurchased shares. As of December 31, 2022, all of the 1,349,390 treasury shares have
been retired. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
Company s transfer agent is Transhare Corporation. The transfer agent s address is Bayside Center 1, 17755 US Highway 19
N, Suite 140, Clearwater, Florida 33764, and its telephone number is (303) 662-1112. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report, including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this annual report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. References herein to we, us or the Company refers to HeartCore Enterprises, Inc.
and its consolidated subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, HeartCore Co., Ltd. HeartCore Co. ), HeartCore Capital
Advisors, Inc. HeartCore Capital Advisors ), HeartCore Financial, Inc. (HeartCore Financial ), and Sigmaways, Inc. Sigmaways ). HeartCore Financial was incorporated in January 2023. HeartCore Capital Advisors was incorporated in February
2023. The acquisition of Sigmaways was closed in February 2023. 

Business
Overview 

We
are a leading software development company based in Tokyo, Japan. We provide software through two business units. The first business
unit includes a customer experience management business that has been in existence for 12 years. Our customer experience management platform
(the CXM Platform includes marketing, sales, service and content management systems, as well as other tools and integrations,
that enable companies to attract and engage customers throughout the customer experience. We also provide education, services and support
to help customers be successful with our CXM Platform. 

The
second business unit is a digital transformation business which provides customers with robotics process automation, process mining and
task mining to accelerate the digital transformation of enterprises. We also have an ongoing technology innovation team to develop software
that supports the narrow needs of large enterprise customers. 

On September 6, 2022, HeartCore
Enterprises, Inc. entered into a share exchange and purchase agreement Sigmaways Agreement to acquire 51 of the outstanding
shares of Sigmaways, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of California and is engaged in the business of developing and
sales of software in the United States. The acquisition closed on February 1, 2023. 

During
2022, we started the GO IPO business, which supports Japanese companies to list on Nasdaq and NYSE in the United States. As of March
30, 2023, we have entered into consulting agreements with nine companies to assist
them in their IPO process, whereby we are entitled to receive from each company a consulting fee ranges from 350,000 to 900,000 and
warrants or Japanese acquisition rights to purchase one to four percent of the fully-diluted share capital of such companies that is exercisable
on certain dates at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The revenue in the GO IPO business helped to offset the decline in sales in
the CX and DX divisions. In the first quarter of 2023, we formed HeartCore Financial
and HeartCore Capital Advisors as a part of our Go IPO
consulting business. 

67 

We
have made significant investments in our sales and marketing efforts globally. As of December 31, 2022, our sales and marketing organization
was comprised of 14 employees, including our field sales organization, which maintains a physical sales presence in the Japanese
software market. Using our go-to-market strategy, we believe we have made significant contributions in Japan and have established a diversified
revenue and customer base. As of December 31, 2022, our combined business units (customer experience management business unit and digital
transformation business unit) had 903 total customers in Japan. 

We
were incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 18, 2021. We conduct business activities principally through our majority-owned subsidiary,
HeartCore Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation HeartCore Co. ), which was established in Japan by Mr. Sumitaka Yamamoto, our
CEO, in 2009 and acquired by us in July 2021. HeartCore Co. started out with helping companies effectively managing content with its
powerful content management system. Since then, HeartCore Co. has expanded offerings to help companies manage all forms of business processes. 

The
acquisition of HeartCore Co. was accounted for as a recapitalization among entities under common control since the same controlling shareholders
controlled all these entities before and after the transaction. The consolidation of the Company and its subsidiary has been accounted
for at historical cost and prepared on the basis as if the transaction had become effective as of the beginning of the first period presented
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

For
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated revenues of 8,818,312 and 10,822,514, respectively, and reported net
loss of 6,677,466 and 327,044, respectively, and cash flows used in operating activities of 4,808,547 and cash flows from operating
activities of 766,300, respectively. As noted in our consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of 10,573,579. 

Key
Factors that Affect Our Results of Operations 

We
believe the following key factors may affect our financial condition and results of operations: 

Our
Ability to Strength Our Competitive Advantages 

Our
mission is to be at the forefront of innovation and thought leadership in enterprise business automation, analyzing enterprise users 
desktops and mission-critical systems, and creating end-to-end software that provides business automation based on the results of that
analysis and further simulating the numbers. We create end-to-end software that provides business automation. Our customers use our software
across their organizations so that they can run their operations in a more fully automated manner. Our ability to successfully implement
the automation in our software greatly affects our profitability. 

Our
Ability to Expand International Market 

We
maintain a physical sales presence in the Japanese software market. Using our global go-to-market strategy we believe we have established
a diversified revenue and customer base. We will continue to develop our global operation. International expansion over the long term
represents a significant opportunity and we plan to continue to invest in growing our presence internationally, both through expanding
our sales and marketing efforts and leveraging channel and other ecosystem partners. 

Our
Ability to Control Costs and Expenses and Improve Our Operating Efficiency 

Our
business growth is dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified and productive employees, identify business opportunities,
secure new contracts with customers and our ability to control costs and expenses to improve our operating efficiency. Our software costs
(mostly including purchased software license, salaries and welfare, and outsourcing expenses) have a direct impact on our profitability.
Our success is dependent, in part, on our ability to reduce our exposure to increase in those costs through a variety of ways, while
maintaining and improving margins and market share. In addition, our staffing costs (including salaries and welfare) and administrative
expenses also have a direct impact on our profitability. Our ability to drive the productivity of our staff and enhance our operating
efficiency affects our profitability. 

68 

Our
Ability to Manage and Retain Customer Renewals 

Our
ability to manage and retain customer renewals is vital to our expansion of renewals in our customer base and continuous and growing
revenue. By achieving and maintaining high retention of customer renewals, we are able to cover most of our expenses from the revenue
generated from such retained customer renewals. In order to achieve and maintain a high retention of customer renewals, we engage in
the following actions: (i) we conduct annual surveys of existing customers; (ii) we conduct Net Promoter Scoring (NPS), whereby we measure
customer loyalty and satisfaction by asking our customers how likely they are to recommend our product and service to others; and (iii)
we have sales representatives visit important customers to increase customer retention. Our ability to expand within our customer base
is demonstrated by our net retention rate, which represents the rate of net expansion of annualized renewal run-rate from existing customers
over the last 12 months. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our combined business units (customer experience management business unit and digital transformation business unit)
had 903 total customers in Japan, of which 645, or 71.4 , were paying customers and 24 total customers outside Japan, of which 2, or
0.2 , was a paying customer. Our 280 non-paying customers were originally paying customers that utilized our paid services but now use
a free version of the CXM Platform. Our net retention rate for our paying customers of our customer experience management business unit (CMS business) was 92 ,
95 and 95 as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There is an insignificant impact (below 5 on our net retention
rate as to former paying customers of our CMS business utilizing the free version of your CXM Platform. 

COVID-19
Affecting Our Results of Operations 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. The pandemic has resulted in the implementation
of significant governmental measures, including lockdowns, closures, quarantines, and travel bans, intended to control the spread of
the virus. Companies are also taking precautions, such as requiring employees to work remotely, imposing travel restrictions, and temporarily
closing businesses. While the duration and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted
at this time, such as the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, it has already had an adverse effect on the global economy
and the lasting effects of the pandemic continue to be unknown. As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the extent
of the future impact of COVID-19 is still highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

A
Severe or Prolonged Slowdown in the Global and Japan Economy Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Business and Our Financial Condition 

In
recent years, the economic indicators in Japan have shown mixed signs, and future growth of the Japanese economy is subject to many factors
beyond our control. The current administration of Prime Minster Fumio Kishida and the former administration of Prime Minister Yoshihide
Suga have introduced policies to combat deflation and promote economic growth. In addition, the Bank of Japan introduced a plan for quantitative
and qualitative monetary easing in April 2013 and announced a negative interest rate policy in January 2016. However, the long-term impact
of these policy initiatives on Japan s economy remains uncertain. The impact of Brexit on the Japanese economy and on the value
of the Japanese yen against currencies of other countries in which we generate revenue, in both the short and long term, is also uncertain.
In addition, an increase in the consumption tax rate, which took place in April 2014 with a further increase in October 2019, may also
adversely impact the Japanese economy, potentially impacting consumer spending, and advertising spending by businesses. Any future deterioration
of the Japanese or global economy may result in a decline in consumption that would have a negative impact on demand for our products
and their prices. 

GO
IPO consulting services business may experience a decrease in clients due to external factors such as the slowdown of the Japanese economy.
In addition, an increase in the number of competitors may have an impact on the business. 

69 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Results of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes our operating results as reflected in our statements of operations during the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage increase or (decrease) during such periods. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

of 
 
 of 

Amount 
 Revenues 
 Amount 
 Revenues 
 Amount 
 of 

Revenues 
 8,818,312 
 100.0 
 10,822,514 
 100.0 
 (2,004,202 
 -18.5 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 5,467,017 
 62.0 
 5,634,737 
 52.1 
 (167,720 
 -3.0 
 
 Gross profit 
 3,351,295 
 38.0 
 5,187,777 
 47.9 
 (1,836,482 
 -35.4 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 
 2,826,615 
 32.0 
 296,778 
 2.7 
 2,529,837 
 852.4 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 6,579,734 
 74.6 
 4,321,241 
 39.9 
 2,258,493 
 52.3 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 641,025 
 7.3 
 510,740 
 4.7 
 130,285 
 25.5 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 10,047,374 
 113.9 
 5,128,759 
 47.3 
 4,918,615 
 95.9 

Income (loss) from operations 
 (6,696,079 
 -75.9 
 59,018 
 0.6 
 (6,755,097 
 -11,445.8 

Other income (expenses) 
 12,695 
 0.1 
 (44,117 
 -0.4 
 56,812 
 -128.8 

Income (loss) before income tax provision 
 (6,683,384 
 -75.8 
 14,901 
 0.2 
 (6,698,285 
 -44,951.9 

Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (5,918 
 -0.1 
 341,945 
 3.2 
 (347,863 
 -101.7 

Net loss 
 (6,677,466 
 -75.7 
 (327,044 
 -3.0 
 (6,350,422 
 1,941.8 

Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 11,112 
 0.1 
 (11,112 
 -100.0 

Net loss attributable to HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. 
 (6,677,466 
 -75.7 
 (338,156 
 -3.1 
 (6,339,310 
 1,874.7 

70 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

of 
 
 of 

Amount 
 Total Revenues 
 Amount 
 Total Revenues 
 Amount 
 of 

Revenues 

Revenue from on-premise software 
 1,860,573 
 21.1 
 3,609,442 
 33.4 
 (1,748,869 
 -48.5 
 
 Revenue from maintenance and support services 
 2,962,325 
 33.6 
 3,616,918 
 33.4 
 (654,593 
 -18.1 
 
 Revenue from software as a service SaaS 
 500,461 
 5.7 
 617,026 
 5.7 
 (116,565 
 -18.9 
 
 Revenue from software development and other miscellaneous services 
 2,046,588 
 23.2 
 2,979,128 
 27.5 
 (932,540 
 -31.3 
 
 Revenue from consulting service 
 1,448,365 
 16.4 
 - 
 - 
 1,448,365 
 100.0 
 
 Total revenues 
 8,818,312 
 100.0 
 10,822,514 
 100.0 
 (2,004,202 
 -18.5 

Cost of revenues 

Costs of on-premise software 
 1,138,533 
 12.9 
 1,401,907 
 13.0 
 (263,374 
 -18.8 
 
 Costs of maintenance and support services 
 1,159,418 
 13.2 
 1,384,660 
 12.8 
 (225,242 
 -16.3 
 
 Costs of software as a service SaaS 
 241,756 
 2.7 
 275,104 
 2.5 
 (33,348 
 -12.1 
 
 Costs of software development and other miscellaneous services 
 2,003,127 
 22.7 
 2,573,066 
 23.8 
 (569,939 
 -22.2 
 
 Costs of consulting service 
 924,183 
 10.5 
 - 
 - 
 924,183 
 100.00 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 5,467,017 
 62.0 
 5,634,737 
 52.1 
 (167,720 
 -3.0 

Gross profit 

On-premise software 
 722,040 
 8.2 
 2,207,535 
 20.3 
 (1,485,495 
 -67.3 
 
 Maintenance and support services 
 1,802,907 
 20.5 
 2,232,258 
 20.6 
 (429,351 
 -19.2 
 
 Software as a service SaaS 
 258,705 
 2.9 
 341,922 
 3.2 
 (83,217 
 -24.3 
 
 Software development and other miscellaneous services 
 43,461 
 0.5 
 406,062 
 3.8 
 (362,601 
 -89.3 
 
 Consulting service 
 524,182 
 5.9 
 - 
 - 
 524,182 
 100.0 
 
 Total gross profit 
 3,351,295 
 38.0 
 5,187,777 
 47.9 
 (1,836,482 
 -35.4 

Revenues 

Our
total revenues decreased by 2,004,202, or 18.5 , to 8,818,312 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 10,822,514 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in our revenues was attributable to (i) the decrease of
 1,748,869 in revenue from sales of on-premise software, because an important customer that purchased a CXM 5-year use license in
2016 renewed their CXM 5-year use license again in 2021 for 1,157,517, and no such large amount license sales revenue in 2022; (ii) the decrease
of 932,540 in revenue from software development and other miscellaneous services, as the CMS constructions decreased with the slump
in CMS license orders; (iii) the ongoing depreciation of Japanese Yen in 2022 contributed to our revenue decrease; offset by (iv)
the revenue of 1,448,365 from newly established consulting services in 2022. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Our
total costs of revenues slightly decrease by 167,720, or 3.0 , to 5,467,017 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5,634,737 for
the year ended December 31, 2021, in light of the decrease in sales of on-promise software and
software development, but less proportionally due to fixed software maintenance fee, offset by the costs related to the consulting services . 

Gross
Profit 

Our
total gross profit decreased by 1,836,482, or 35.4 , to 3,351,295 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5,187,777 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in our gross profit was attributable to the decrease in the gross profit from sales of
on-premise software and related maintenance and development services, offset by the gross profit from newly established consulting services in
2022 . 

For
the reasons discussed above, our overall gross profit margin decreased by 9.9 to 38.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022
from 47.9 in the fiscal year 2021. 

71 

Operating
Expenses 

The
following table sets forth the breakdown of our operating expenses for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

of 
 
 of 

Amount 
 Revenues 
 Amount 
 Revenues 
 Amount 
 of 

Total revenues 
 8,818,312 
 100.0 
 10,822,514 
 100.0 
 (2,004,202 
 -18.5 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 
 2,826,615 
 32.0 
 296,778 
 2.7 
 2,529,837 
 852.4 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 6,579,734 
 74.6 
 4,321,241 
 39.9 
 2,258,493 
 52.3 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 641,025 
 7.3 
 510,740 
 4.7 
 130,285 
 25.5 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 10,047,374 
 113.9 
 5,128,759 
 47.3 
 4,918,615 
 95.9 

Selling
Expenses 

Our
selling expenses primarily include advertising expenses, sales commissions, sales promotion expenses, and stock-based compensation. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

Amount 
 of 
 Amount 
 of 
 Amount 
 of 

Selling expenses 

Advertising expenses 
 1,902,942 
 67.3 
 195,916 
 66.0 
 1,707,026 
 871.3 
 
 Sales commissions 
 122,797 
 4.3 
 99,789 
 33.6 
 23,008 
 23.1 
 
 Sales promotion expenses 
 16,017 
 0.6 
 1,073 
 0.4 
 14,944 
 1,392.7 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 784,859 
 27.8 
 - 
 - 
 784,859 
 100.0 
 
 Total selling expenses 
 2,826,615 
 100.0 
 296,778 
 100.0 
 2,529,837 
 852.4 

Our
selling expenses increased by 2,529,837, or 852.4 , to 2,826,615 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 296,778 in the fiscal
year 2021, primarily attributable to (i) an increase in advertising expenses by 1,707,026, or 871.3 , to 1,902,942 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 from 195,916 in the fiscal year 2021, because the U.S. parent company
launched advertising activities to increase its visibility in the U.S after the Company
going public in the U.S. in early 2022, and to promot e 
newly established consulting services in Japan. We also increased selling activities to expand
the software business in Japan, such as attending software exhibitions ; (ii)
an increase of 784,859 in stock-based compensation, as our sales staffs were awarded options to purchase the Company s common
stock. 

As
a percentage of revenues, our selling expenses accounted for 32.0 and 2.7 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

72 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

Our
general and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee salaries and welfare, consulting and professional service fees, depreciation
expense, rent expense, office, utility and other expenses, bad debt expense, travel and entertainment expense,
and stock-based compensation. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

Amount 
 of 
 Amount 
 of 
 Amount 
 of 

General and administrative expenses 

Salaries and welfare 
 2,924,547 
 44.4 
 2,306,544 
 53.4 
 618,003 
 26.8 
 
 Consulting and professional service fees 
 1,629,622 
 24.8 
 1,164,355 
 26.9 
 465,267 
 40.0 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 76,924 
 1.2 
 102,409 
 2.4 
 (25,485 
 -24.9 
 
 Rent expense 
 184,179 
 2.8 
 219,918 
 5.1 
 (35,739 
 -16.3 
 
 Office, utility and other expenses 
 836,609 
 12.7 
 297,614 
 6.9 
 538,995 
 181.1 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 - 
 - 
 80,879 
 1.9 
 (80,879 
 -100.0 
 
 Travel and entertainment expense 
 299,655 
 4.6 
 130,735 
 3.0 
 168,920 
 129.2 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 628,198 
 9.5 
 18,787 
 0.4 
 609,411 
 100.0 
 
 Total general and administrative expenses 
 6,579,734 
 100.0 
 4,321,241 
 100.0 
 2,258,493 
 52.3 

Our
general and administrative expenses increased by 2,258,493 or 52.3 , to 6,579,734 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from
 4,321,241 in the fiscal year 2021, primarily attributable to (i) an increase of 465,267 in consulting and professional fees, as we
incurred more audit fees, legal fees, and filing fees to satisfy the SEC filing requirements as we got listed in the Nasdaq in
February 2022, and customer referral and attraction related expenses related to newly established GO IPO consulting services;
(ii) an increase of 618,003 in salaries and welfare, as all our employees received significant salary raise in February 2022, and
newly employed staffs for US operation; (iii) an increase of 609,411 in stock-based compensation, as the Company awarded options to
the employees in 2022; (iv) an increase of 538,995 in office, utility and other expenses, mainly because we entered into D O
insurance policy and incurred insurance expense in 2022. 

As
a percentage of revenues, general and administrative expenses were 74.6 and 39.9 of our revenues for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Our
research and development expenses primarily consist of employee salaries and welfare, outsourcing expenses, and stock-based compensation. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

Amount 
 of 
 Amount 
 of 
 Amount 
 of 

Research and development expenses 

Salaries and welfare 
 29,681 
 4.6 
 82,739 
 16.2 
 (53,058 
 -64.1 
 
 Outsourcing expenses 
 601,583 
 93.9 
 428,001 
 83.8 
 173,582 
 40.6 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 9,761 
 1.5 
 - 
 - 
 9,761 
 100.0 
 
 Total research and development expenses 
 641,025 
 100.0 
 510,740 
 100.0 
 130,285 
 25.5 

Our
research and development expenses increased by 130,285, or 25.5 , to 641,025 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 from 510,740
in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to an increase in outsourcing
expenses relating to development of a high quality 12K VR camera and related data compression system . 

As
a percentage of revenues, research and development expenses were 7.3 and 4.7 of our revenues for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

73 

Other
Income (Expenses), Net 

Our
other income (expenses) primarily includes interest income generated from bank deposits, interest expense for bank loans, bonds, and
leases, other income, and other expenses. Total other income (expenses), net, increased by 56,812 or -128.8 , from other expenses, net,
 44,117 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to other income, net, 12,695 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily attributable
to an increase of interest income of 60,008, due to the increase in cash balance deposited in
bank and the interest rate increased significantly in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Income
Tax Expense (Benefit) 

Income
tax benefit was 5,918 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 347,863, or 101.7 from income tax expense of 341,945 in
the fiscal year 2021, primarily due to the increase in net loss before tax and decrease in deferred tax expense in
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, we reported a net loss of 6,677,466 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, representing a 6,350,422
or 1,941.8 increase from a net loss of 327,044 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
Income attributable to Non-controlling Interest 

We
owned 97.35 of the outstanding shares of the operation subsidiary, HeartCore Co, which located in Japan, as of December 31, 2021. Accordingly,
we recorded net income attributable to the non-controlling interest. The net income attributable to non-controlling interest was 11,112
in the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

On August 10, 2021, the Company and Dentsu Digital Investment Limited Dentsu Digital ),
a non-controlling shareholder of HeartCore Japan, entered into a stock purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to
purchase the 278 shares of HeartCore Japan held by Dentsu Digital in accordance with certain terms and conditions in the stock purchase
agreement for JPY50,040,000 on the earlier of the (i) the date the SEC declares effective a registration statement on Form S-1, for a
firm commitment underwritten initial public offering of common shares, filed by the Company with the SEC or (ii) December 20, 2022. The
Company has determined such shares to be a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument and is recorded as a liability of JPY50,040,000 (approximately
 448,000) in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The Company did not recognize any net
income attributable to non-controlling interest since then. Accordingly, we did not record non-controlling interest income in
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net
Loss attributable to HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. 

As
a result of the foregoing, we reported a net loss attributable to HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. of 6,677,466 for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, representing a 6,339,310 or 1,874.7 increase from a net loss of 338,156 for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 7,177,326 in cash as compared to 3,136,839 as of December 31, 2021. We also had 551,064 in accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. Our accounts receivable primarily include balance due from customers for our on-premise software sold
and services provided and accepted by customers. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our working capital was 4,887,444. In assessing our liquidity, management monitors and analyzes our cash, our
ability to generate sufficient revenues in the future, and our operating and capital expenditure commitments. 

74 

Cash
Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (4,808,547 
 766,300 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (12,200 
 (179,029 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 8,915,341 
 (257,353 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes 
 (54,107 
 (251,254 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 4,040,487 
 78,664 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 
 3,136,839 
 3,058,175 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year 
 7,177,326 
 3,136,839 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 4,808,547 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily consisting of the following: 

Net loss of 6,677,466
 for the fiscal year. 

A decrease of 283,921
 in operating lease liabilities, due to the rent payment made. 

Offset by non-cash lease
 expense of 273,836. 

Offset by stock-based compensation
 of 1,519,743, as we granted equity rewards to our employees in 2022. 

Offset by a decrease in
 accounts receivable of 296,835. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in our sales in the current fiscal year. The collected
 accounts receivable is available cash, which can be used as working capital for our business operation, if necessary. 

Offset by an increase in
 deferred revenue of 239,129. We request upfront payment for service provided over a period of time. The deferred revenue increased
 as a result of newly established consultant services in 2022. 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was 766,300 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily consisting of the following: 

Net loss of 327,044 for
 the fiscal year. 

An increase in accounts
 payable and accrued expenses of 553,009. The increase was mainly due to the increase in accrued listing-related expense and accrued
 software development outsourcing expense. 

Depreciation expenses of
 105,394. 

An increase in deferred
 revenue of 304,536. We request upfront payment for service provided over a period of time. The deferred revenue increased as the
 sales increased. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities amounted to 12,200 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and included the purchases of fixed assets
of 57,071, offset by the repayment of 44,871 of loan provided to related party. 

Net
cash used in investing activities amounted to 179,029 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and included the purchases of
fixed assets of 36,153, and advance and loan provided to related parties of 142,876. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities amounted to 8,915,341 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, primarily consisting of proceeds
of 13,823,126 from the initial public offering and issuance of common shares prior to the initial public offering, proceeds of 258,087
from long-term debt, offset by payment for mandatorily redeemable financial interest of 430,489, payment for repurchase of common shares
of 3,500,000, repayment of long-term debts of 810,750, and repayment of insurance premium financing of 388,538. 

75 

Net
cash used in financing activities amounted to 257,353 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, primarily consisting of repayment
of long-term debts of 878,625 and repayment of finance lease obligations (principal) of 53,640, offset by proceeds from issuance of
common shares of 677,945. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Lease
Commitment 

The
Company s subsidiary, HeartCore Co., Ltd. entered into two leases for its office space and parking lot, which were classified as
operating leases. HeartCore Co., Ltd. also entered into two leases for office equipment, one of which was terminated in June 2022, and
a lease for a vehicle, and these leases were classified as finance leases. 

As
of December 31, 2022, future minimum lease payments under the non-cancelable lease agreements are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Finance Leases 
 Operating Leases 
 
 2023 
 19,476 
 316,847 
 
 2024 
 286 
 316,847 
 
 2025 
 - 
 316,847 
 
 2026 
 - 
 316,847 
 
 2027 
 - 
 316,847 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 1,304,581 
 
 Total lease payments 
 19,762 
 2,888,816 
 
 Less: imputed interest 
 (9 
 (175,899 
 
 Total lease liabilities 
 19,753 
 2,712,917 
 
 Less: current portion 
 19,294 
 291,863 
 
 Non-current lease liabilities 
 459 
 2,421,054 

76 

Long-Term
Debt s 

The
Company s long-term debts included bonds payable and loans borrowed from banks and other financial institutions. 

As
of December 31, 2022, future minimum loan payments are as follows: 

Loan 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 Payment 
 
 2023 
 713,692 
 
 2024 
 442,486 
 
 2025 
 253,866 
 
 2026 
 230,993 
 
 2027 
 189,544 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,830,581 

COVID-19 

In December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic.
The pandemic, which has continued to spread, and the related adverse public health developments, including orders to shelter-in-place,
travel restrictions, and mandated business closures, have adversely affected workforces, organizations, customers, economies, and financial
markets globally, leading to an economic downturn and increased market volatility. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many
businesses, including ours. 

For example, many cities, counties, states, and even
countries have imposed or may impose a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement of our employees, partners and customers to
limit the spread of the pandemic, including physical distancing, travel bans and restrictions, closure of non-essential business, quarantines,
work-from-home directives, shelter-in-place orders, and limitations on public gatherings. These measures have caused, and are continuing
to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide. In March 2020, we temporarily closed our offices,
including our corporate headquarters, suspended all company-related travel, and all HeartCore Co. employees were required to work from
home for several months during the height of the pandemic. We cancelled or shifted our customer and industry events to virtual-only experiences.
Although we have begun to slowly re-open our offices on a staggered, region-by-region basis in accordance with local authority guidelines,
we may deem it advisable to similarly alter, postpone or cancel entirely additional customer, employee or industry events in the future.
All of these changes may disrupt the way we operate our business. In addition, our management team has, and will likely continue, to spend
significant time, attention and resources monitoring the pandemic and seeking to minimize the risk of the virus and manage its effects
on our business and workforce. 

Although our company has been in existence for less
than two years, our wholly owned operating subsidiary, HeartCore Co. operated throughout the pandemic and continues to operate after the
pandemic. HeartCore Co. s business is affected by a variety of external factors related to the pandemic and post-pandemic that are
beyond our control. For existing customers, the pandemic had no impact on the use of our software; for new customers in the travel, hotel,
airline, rail, and food service industries in the CX division, the pandemic resulted in a decrease in new orders. However, although the
pandemic is coming to an end, it will take some time before the economy is fully normalized. This results in even lower sales in 2022
than in 2021. Regarding the impact of the pandemic on the DX sector, demand for our DX software increased as large companies were forced
to change their work patterns, forcing employees to work remotely. In 2022, after the pandemic, a number of employees left the company,
forcing the company to downsize its operations and resulted in a decline in sales. During 2022, we started the GO IPO business, which
supports Japanese companies to list on Nasdaq and NYSE in the United States. As of March 30, 2023, we have entered into consulting agreements
with nine companies to assist them in their IPO process, whereby we are entitled to receive from each company a consulting fee ranges
from 350,000 to 900,000 and warrants or Japanese acquisition rights to purchase one to four percent of the fully-diluted share capital
of such companies that is exercisable on certain dates at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The revenue in the GO IPO business helped
to offset the decline in sales in the CX and DX divisions. 

The duration and extent of the impact from the pandemic
depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus,
the extent and effectiveness of containment actions and the disruption caused by such actions, the effectiveness of vaccines and other
treatments for COVID-19, and the impact of these and other factors on our employees, customers, partners and vendors. If we are not able
to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be harmed. 

To the extent the pandemic adversely affects our
business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors 
section, including, in particular, risks related to our dependence on customer renewals, the addition of new customers and increased
revenue from existing customer, risks that our operating results could be negatively affected by changes in the sizes or types of businesses
that purchase our platform and the risk that weakened global economic conditions may harm our industry, business and results of operations. 

77 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements. These
financial statements are prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ),
which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities and revenues and expenses,
to disclose contingent assets and liabilities on the date of the consolidated financial statements, and to disclose the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses incurred during the financial reporting period. We continue to evaluate the estimates and assumptions that we
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We rely on these evaluations as the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the
financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of our accounting policies require higher degrees
of judgment than others in their application. We believe critical accounting policies as disclosed in this annual report reflect the
more significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable represent the amounts that the Company has an unconditional right to consideration, which are stated at the original
amount less an allowance for doubtful receivables. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and makes general
and specific allowances when there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. The Company usually determines the adequacy
of reserves for doubtful accounts based on individual account analysis and historical collection trends. The Company establishes a provision
for doubtful receivables when there is objective evidence that the Company may not be able to collect amounts due. The allowance is based
on management s best estimates of specific losses on individual exposures, as well as a provision on historical trends of collections.
The provision is recorded against accounts receivables balances, with a corresponding charge recorded in the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. Delinquent account balances are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts after management
has determined that the likelihood of collection is remote. In circumstances in which the Company receives payment for accounts receivable
that have previously been written off, the Company reverses the allowance and bad debt. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 

To
determine revenue recognition for contracts with customers, the Company performs the following five steps : (i) identify the contract(s)
with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, including variable
consideration to the extent that it is probable that a significant future reversal will not occur, (iv) allocate the transaction price
to the respective performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies the performance
obligation. Revenue amount represents the invoiced value, net of a value-added tax Consumption Tax and applicable local government levies.
The Consumption Tax on sales are calculated at 10 and nil of gross sales in Japan and in the U.S., respectively. 

78 

The
Company currently generates its revenues from the following main sources: 

Revenue
from On-Premise Software 

Licenses
for on-premise software provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available to the customer. The Company
provides on-premise software in the form of both perpetual licenses and term-based licenses which grant the customers with the right
for a specified term. Revenue from on-premise licenses is recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available
to the customer. Licenses for on-premise software are typically sold to the customer with maintenance and support services in a bundle.
Revenues under the bundled arrangements are allocated based on the relative standalone selling prices SSP of on-premise
software and maintenance and support service. The SSP for maintenance and support services is estimated based upon observable transactions
when those services are sold on a standalone basis. The SSP of on-premise software is typically estimated using the residual approach
as the Company is unable to establish the SSP for on-premise licenses based on observable prices given the same products are sold for
a broad range of amounts (that is, the selling price is highly variable) and a representative SSP is not discernible from past transactions
or other observable evidence. 

Revenue
from Maintenance and Support service 

Maintenance
and support services provided with software licenses consist of trouble shooting, technical support and the right to receive unspecified
software updates when and if available during the subscription. Revenues from maintenance and support services are recognized over time
as such services are performed. Revenues for consumption-based services are generally recognized as the services are performed and accepted
by the customers. 

Revenue
from Software as a Service SaaS 

The
Company s software is available for use as hosted application arrangements under subscription fee agreements without licensing
the rights of the software to the customers. Subscription fees from these applications are recognized over time on a ratable basis over
the customer agreement term beginning on the date the Company s solution is made available to the customer. The subscription contracts
are generally one year or less in length. 

Revenue
from Software Development and other Miscellaneous Services 

The
Company provides customers with software development and support service pursuant to their specific requirements, which primarily compose
of consulting, integration, training, custom application, and workflow development. The Company also provides other miscellaneous services,
such as 3D Space photography. The Company generally recognizes revenue at a point in time when control is transferred to the customers
and the Company is entitled to the payment, which is when the promised services are delivered and accepted by the customers. 

Revenue
from Consulting Service 

The
Company provides public listing related consulting services to customers pursuant to the specific requirements prescribed in the
contracts, which primarily include communicating with intermediary parties, preparing required documents related to the initial
public offering and supporting the listing process. The consulting service contracts are generally less than one year in length.
Revenues from consulting services are recognized over the period of the contract by reference to progress toward complete
satisfaction of that performance obligation. 

The
timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to the customers. The Company records a contract asset, which is
included in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets, when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing. The Company records
deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets when revenues are recognized subsequent to cash collection for an invoice. Deferred
revenue is reported net of related uncollected deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. The amount of revenues recognized
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that were included in the opening deferred revenue balance was approximately 1.5 million
and 1.5 million, respectively. 

79 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-24 comprising a portion of this annual report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
was due to the existence of the material weakness identified below. 

Lack of sufficient financial
 reporting and accounting personnel with appropriate knowledge of U.S GAAP and the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reporting and compliance requirements to design, implement and operate key controls over financial reporting process to address complex
 technical accounting issues and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP and financial reporting requirements set forth by
 the SEC. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-14(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

80 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and
financial statement preparation and presentation. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to risk that controls become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making the assessment,
management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013) in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our Company s internal
control over financial reporting was not effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers
and Directors 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions held
by each. Each director s term continues until his or her successor is elected or qualified at the next annual meeting, unless such
director earlier resigns or is removed. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Sumitaka Yamamoto 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman of Board, Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 
 Kimio Hosaka 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Operating Officer
 and Director 
 
 Prakash Sadasivam 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer
 and Director 
 
 Hidekazu Miyata 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Technical Officer 
 
 Qizhi Gao 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Keisuke Kuno 
 
 47 
 
 CX Division Vice President 
 
 Ferdinand Groenewald 
 
 38 
 
 Director 
 
 Yoshitomo Yamano 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Yuki Tan 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Takeshi Omoto 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Yuta Katai 
 
 37 
 
 Director 

81 

Biographical
information concerning our directors and executive officers listed above is set forth below. 

Sumitaka
Yamamoto. Mr. Yamamoto has served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors since August 16, 2021 and served as our Chief Executive
Officer and President and been a member of our Board of Directors since May 18, 2021. Mr. Yamamoto is also the founder of HeartCore Co.
and has served as the Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of HeartCore Co. since June 2009. Mr. Yamamoto is
a seasoned information technology software programmer. Mr. Yamamoto graduated with a bachelor s degree in Spanish from Kansai Gaidai
University, Tokyo, Japan. Mr. Yamamoto does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. We believe
that Mr. Yamamoto is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his experience in all aspects of our business and his ability
to provide an insider s perspective in board discussions about the business and strategic direction of the Company. We believe
that his experience gives him unique insights into our opportunities, challenges and operations. 

Kimio
Hosaka. Mr. Hosaka has served as our Chief Operating Officer and been a member of our Board of Directors since May 18, 2021.
Mr. Hosaka has served as the Chief Operating Officer and member of the Board of Managers of HeartCore Co. since August 2015. Mr. Hosaka
graduated with a bachelor s degree in physics from Chuo University, Tokyo, Japan. Mr. Hosaka does not hold, and has not previously
held, any directorships in any reporting companies. We believe that Mr. Hosaka is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to
his experience in business and operations matters. 

Prakash
Sadasivam. Mr. Sadasivam has served as our Chief Strategy Officer and been a member of our Board of Directors since February
1, 2023. Mr. Sadasivam is a technology entrepreneur and the founder of Sigmaways. Under his leadership, Sigmaways has grown into a global
organization with a diverse team of experts in various technology fields. Mr. Sadasivam completed his undergraduate studies in Computer
Science and Engineering from Vellore Institute of Technology in India. He has also completed Management Development for Entrepreneurs
from UCLA, Anderson School of Management. He has also been official member of Forbes Technology Council since 2020. 

Hidekazu
Miyata. Mr. Miyata has served as our Chief Technical Officer since June 1, 2021. Mr. Miyata has also served as the head of the
DX division of HeartCore Co. from October 1, 2019 to May 31, 2021. Mr. Miyata graduated with a bachelor s degree in
economics from Doshisha University, Japan. Mr. Miyata does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting
companies. 

Qizhi
Gao. Mr. Gao has served as our Chief Financial Officer since May 18, 2021. Mr. Gao has also served as the Chief Financial Officer
of HeartCore Co. since May 2017. From December 2007 through April 2017, Mr. Gao served as the Group Leader, Finance Accounting
Department at Marubishi Corporation in Tokyo, Japan. Mr. Gao graduated with a bachelor s degree in computer accounting from Chuo
College of Information and Accounting, Japan. Mr. Gao does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting
companies. 

Keisuke
Kuno. Mr. Kuno has served as our CX division Vice President since October 1, 2019. Since August 30, 2021, Mr. Kuno
has also served as the head of the CX division and member of the Board of Directors of HeartCore Co. Mr. Kuno graduated with
a bachelor s degree in business administration from Hosei University, Tokyo, Japan. Mr. Kuno does not hold, and has not previously
held, any directorships in any reporting companies. 

Ferdinand
Groenewald . Mr. Groenewald has been an independent member of our Board of Directors since January 24, 2022. Since January 2,
2022, Mr. Groenewald has served as the Chief Accounting Officer of Muscle Maker, Inc., a Nasdaq listed company. From September 2018 to
January 2, 2022, Mr. Groenewald served as the Chief Financial Officer of Muscle Maker, Inc. From January 25, 2018 through May 29, 2018,
Mr. Groenewald served as the Vice President of Finance, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Muscle Maker,
Inc., Muscle Maker Development, LLC and Muscle Maker Corp., LLC. In addition, from October 2017 through May 29, 2018, he served as the
controller of Muscle Maker, Inc. Mr. Groenewald is a certified public accountant with significant experience in finance and accounting.
From July 2018 through August 2018, he served as senior financial reporting accountant of Wrinkle Gardner Company, a full service
tax, accounting and business consulting firm. From February 2017 to October 2017, Mr. Groenewald served as Senior Financial Accounting
Consultant at Pharos Advisors, Inc. serving a broad range of industries. From November 2013 to February 2017, he served as a Senior Staff
Accountant at Financial Consulting Strategies, LLC where he provided a broad range of accounting, financial reporting, and pre-auditing
services to various industries. From August 2015 to December 2015, Mr. Groenewald served as a Financial Reporting Analyst at Valley National
Bank. Mr. Groenewald holds a Bachelor of Science in accounting from the University of South Africa. Mr. Groenewald does not hold, and
has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. 

Yoshitomo
Yamano. Mr. Yamano has been an independent member of our Board of Directors since May 18, 2021. Mr. Yamano was also an independent
member of the Board of Directors of HeartCore Co. from August 2018 through March 2021. Since April 2016, Mr. Yamano has served as the
Chief Executive Officer of Yamano Holdings Corporation. Mr. Yamano graduated with a bachelor s degree in commerce from Meiji University,
Tokyo, Japan. Mr. Yamano does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. We believe that Mr.
Yamano is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his expertise in business and operations matters. 

82 

Yuki
Tan. Mr. Tan has been an independent member of our Board of Directors since September 1, 2021. Since April 2015, Mr. Tan has
served as the Chief Executive Officer of Daitan Group, a company known for its Fuji Soba noodles. Mr. Tan graduated from Keio University
in Tokyo with a bachelor s degree in economics. Mr. Tan does not hold, nor has he ever held, a directorship in any of the reporting
companies. We believe that Mr. Tan is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his expertise in business and operations matters. 

Takeshi
Omoto. Mr. Omoto has been an independent member of our Board of Directors since September 1, 2021. Since July 2012, Mr. Omoto
has served as a partner at Ambitious Tokyo Law Office. Mr. Omoto graduated with a Law Degree from Chuo University, Tokyo, Japan. Mr.
Omoto does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. We believe that Mr. Omoto is qualified
to serve on our Board of Directors due to his expertise in corporate governance and legal matters. 

Yuta
Katai. Mr. Katai has been an independent member of our Board of Directors since September 1, 2021. Since June 2018, Mr. Katai
has served as an accounting advisor at Katai Accounting Firm. From December 2008 through December 2017, he served as auditor at KPMG
AZSA, LLC. Mr. Katai graduated with a bachelor s degree in faculty of commerce from Doshisha University, Kyoto, Japan. Mr. Katia
does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. We believe that Mr. Katia is qualified to serve
on our Board of Directors due to his expertise in accounting and financial services matters. 

Our
Board of Directors elects our executive officers annually by majority vote. Each director s term continues until his or her successor
is elected or qualified at the next annual meeting, unless such director earlier resigns or is removed. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
executive officer, member of the board of directors or control person of our Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

We
have not separated the positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Sumitaka Yamamoto has served as our Chairman of
the Board of Directors since August 16, 2021 and Chief Executive Officer since May 18, 2021. We believe that combining the positions
of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer allows for focused leadership of our organization which benefits us in our relationships with
investors, customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies. We believe that consolidating the leadership of the Company under
Mr. Yamamoto is the appropriate leadership structure for our Company and that any risks inherent in that structure are balanced by the
oversight of our other independent directors on our Board. However, no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all
times. The Board recognizes that depending on the circumstances, other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent
director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board may periodically review its leadership structure. In addition, our Board holds
executive sessions in which only independent directors are present. 

Our
Board is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities. Our principal
source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The audit committee oversees management of financial
risks, and our Board regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated
with each. The Board regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our business. The Board is also expected to oversee
risk management as it relates to our compensation plans, policies and practices for all employees including executives and directors,
particularly whether our compensation programs may create incentives for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which
could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

83 

Controlled
Company and Director Independence 

The
 controlled company exception to Nasdaq Capital Market s rules provide that a company of which more than 50 of the
voting power is held by an individual, group or another company, a controlled company, need not comply with certain requirements
of Nasdaq Capital Market s corporate governance rules. Sumitaka Yamamoto, the Chairman of Board, Chief Executive Officer and President
of the Company, beneficially owns 10,995,969 shares of our common stock, which represent approximately 52.8 of the voting power of our
outstanding capital stock. As a result, the Company is a controlled company under Nasdaq Capital Market corporate
governance standards. As a controlled company, the Company does not have to comply with certain corporate governance requirements under
Nasdaq Capital Market rules, including the requirements that: 

a majority of the Company s
 Board of Directors to consist of independent directors as defined by the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq
 Capital Market; 

the compensation of the
 Company s executive officers to be determined, or recommended to the Board of Directors for determination, by independent directors
 constituting a majority of the independent directors of the Board in a vote in which only independent directors participate or by
 a Compensation Committee comprised solely of independent directors; and 

that director nominees
 to be selected, or recommended to the Board of Directors for selection, by independent directors constituting a majority of the independent
 directors of the Board in a vote in which only independent directors participate or by a nomination committee comprised solely of
 independent directors. 

The
Company has determined to avail itself of certain of these exemptions. More specifically, the Company does not have a compensation committee
or a nominating and corporate governance committee. Therefore, for as long as the Company remains a controlled company, 
the Company will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of these corporate governance
requirements. If at any time the Company ceases to be a controlled company under the rules of Nasdaq Capital Market, the
Company s Board of Directors will take all action necessary to comply with the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq Capital Market,
including establishing certain committees composed entirely of independent directors, subject to a permitted phase-in period. 

Notwithstanding
the Company s status as a controlled company, the Company will remain subject to the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq Capital
Market that require the Company to have an audit committee with at least three independent directors, as well as to be composed entirely
of independent directors. 

The
Company s Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that five of its eight directors (Ferdinand Groenewald, Yoshitomo
Yamano, Yuki Tan, Takeshi Omoto, and Yuta Katai) are independent directors of the Company within the meaning of Nasdaq Capital Market s
rules. Therefore, a majority of the members of the Board of Director consists of independent directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee, which consists of five independent directors: Ferdinand Groenewald, Yoshitomo Yamano, Yuki Tan,
Takeshi Omoto, and Yuta Katai. Mr. Groenewald is the chair of the audit committee. Each of Mr. Groenewald and Mrs. Katai qualifies as
an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. Our audit committee adopted a written charter, a copy of which is
posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website, at www.heartcore.co.jp. 

Our
audit committee is authorized to: 

approve and retain the independent auditors to conduct
 the annual audit of our financial statements; 

review the proposed scope and results of the audit; 

review and pre-approve audit and non-audit fees and
 services; 

84 

review accounting and financial controls with the independent
 auditors and our financial and accounting staff; 

review and approve transactions between us and our
 directors, officers and affiliates; 

recognize and prevent prohibited non-audit services; 

establish procedures for complaints received by us
 regarding accounting matters; and 

oversee internal audit functions, if any. 

Compensation
Committee 

Because
we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq Capital Market, we are not
required to, and do not, have a compensation committee. If and when we are no longer a controlled company , we will be required
to establish a compensation committee. We anticipate that such a compensation committee would consist of three directors who will be
 independent under the rules of the SEC, subject to the permitted phase-in period pursuant to the rules of
Nasdaq Capital Market. Upon formation of a compensation committee, we would expect to adopt a compensation committee charter defining
the committee s primary duties in a manner consistent with the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq Capital Market standards. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Because
we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq Capital Market, we are not
required to, and do not, have a nominating and corporate governance committee. If and when we are no longer a controlled company ,
we will be required to establish a nominating and corporate governance committee. We anticipate that such a nominating and corporate
governance committee would consist of three directors who will be independent under the rules of the SEC, subject to the
permitted phase-in period pursuant to the rules of Nasdaq Capital Market. Upon formation of a nominating and corporate
governance committee, we would expect to adopt a nominating and corporate governance committee charter defining the committee s
primary duties in a manner consistent with the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq Capital Market standards. 

A
stockholder may nominate one or more persons for election as a director at an annual meeting of stockholders if the stockholder complies
with the notice and information provisions contained in our bylaws. Such notice must be in writing to our company not less than 90 days
and not more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders or as otherwise
required by requirements of the Exchange Act. In addition, stockholders furnishing such notice must be a holder of record on both (i)
the date of delivering such notice and (ii) the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

Because
we are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards, we are not required to have, and
do not currently have, a compensation committee. None of our executive officers serve on the board of directors or compensation committee
of a company that has an executive officer that serves on our board or compensation committee. No member of our board is an executive
officer of a company in which one of our executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of
that company. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to all of its directors, officers (including our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and any person performing similar functions) and employees.
The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on our website at www.heartcore.co.jp. 

85 

We
are required to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our
website as a method of disseminating this disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our
website within four business days following the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware
law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will
not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption
from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

On
February 9, 2022, each of Takeshi Omoto, Yoshitomo Yamano, Yuki Tan and Yuta Katai entered into an indemnification agreement with the
Company. Previously, Ferdinand Groenewald entered into an indemnification agreement with the Company. Each indemnification agreement
provides, among other things, for indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws
against any and all expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement of any claim. The indemnification agreements
provide for the advancement or payment of all expenses to the indemnitee and for reimbursement to us if it is found that such indemnitee
is not entitled to such indemnification under applicable law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

Our
certificate of incorporation also permits us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions and the insurance are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Any
repeal or amendment of provisions of our certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our board of directors,
stockholders or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise
required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification
rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with
respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons
pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is
against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities
being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

86 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

2022
Summary Compensation Table 

The
following summary compensation table provides information regarding the compensation paid during our fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 to certain of our executive officers, who we collectively refer to as our named executive officers , or NEOs . 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non- qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Sumitaka Yamamoto 
 2022 
 508,390 
 138,803 

647,193 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 387,025 

387,025 

Keisuke Kuno 
 2022 
 103,535 

103,535 
 
 CX DIV. Vice President 
 2021 
 130,946 

130,946 

Employment
Agreements 

Executive
Employment Agreement with Sumitaka Yamamoto 

On October
28, 2022, we entered in an Amendment Agreement to the Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 9, 2022. Pursuant to the Amendment
Agreement, Mr. Yamamoto s annual salary increased from 381,000 to 450,000, effective November 1, 2022. 

87 

Executive
Employment Agreement with Qizhi Gao 

On January 10, 2023, we entered
in an Amendment Agreement to the Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 9, 2022. Pursuant to the Amendment Agreement, Mr.
Gao s annual salary increased from 54,012 to 120,222, effective January 1, 2023. 

Executive
Employment Agreement with Kimio Hosaka 

On January 10, 2023, we entered
in an Amendment Agreement to the Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 9, 2022. Pursuant to the Amendment Agreement, Mr.
Hosaka s annual salary increased from 95,459 to 164,770, effective January 1, 2023. 

Executive
Employment Agreement with Hidekazu Miyata 

On January 10, 2023, we entered
in an Amendment Agreement to the Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 9, 2022. Pursuant to the Amendment Agreement, Mr.
Miyata s annual salary increased from 75,600 to 112,616, effective January 1, 2023. 

Executive
Employment Agreement with Keisuke Kuno 

On January 10, 2023, we
entered in an Amendment Agreement to the Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 9, 2022. Pursuant to the Amendment Agreement,
Mr. Kuno s annual salary increased from 109,000 to 152,308, effective January 1, 2023. 

Provisions
Applicable to All Executive Employment Agreements 

Each
of the Executive Employment Agreements as described above, has an initial term of one year, provided that the term of each agreement
will automatically be extended for one or more additional terms of one year each unless either the Company or applicable executive provides
notice to the other of their desire to not so renew the initial term or renewal term (as applicable) at least 30 days prior to the expiration
of then-current initial term or renewal term (as applicable). Each of the agreements provide that the applicable executive s employment
with the Company shall be at will, meaning that either applicable executive or the Company may terminate the applicable
executive s employment at any time and for any reason, subject to the other provisions of the agreement. 

Each
of the agreements may be terminated by the Company, either with or without Cause , or by the applicable executive, either
with or without Good Reason . 

88 

For
purposes of each agreement, Cause means: 

a violation of any material
 written rule or policy of the Company for which violation any employee may be terminated pursuant to the written policies of the
 Company reasonably applicable to an executive employee; 

misconduct by the applicable
 executive to the material detriment of the Company; 

the applicable executive s
 conviction (by a court of competent jurisdiction, not subject to further appeal) of, or pleading guilty to, a felony; 

the applicable executive s
 gross negligence in the performance of the applicable executive s duties and responsibilities to the Company as described in
 this Agreement; or 

the applicable executive s
 material failure to perform the applicable executive s duties and responsibilities to the Company as described in the agreement
 (other than any such failure resulting from the applicable executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness or any
 such failure subsequent to the applicable executive being delivered a notice of termination without Cause by the Company or delivering
 a notice of termination for Good Reason to the Company), in either case after written notice from the Board to the applicable executive
 of the specific nature of such material failure and the applicable executive s failure to cure such material failure within
 10 days following receipt of such notice. 

For
purposes of each agreement, Good Reason means: 

at any time following a
 Change of Control (as defined below), a material diminution by the Company of compensation and benefits (taken as a whole) provided
 to the applicable executive immediately prior to a Change of Control; 

a reduction in base salary
 or target or maximum bonus, other than as part of an across-the-board reduction in salaries of management personnel; 

the relocation of the applicable
 executive s principal executive office to a location more than 50 miles further from the applicable executive s principal
 executive office immediately prior to such relocation; or 

a material breach by the
 Company of any of the terms and conditions of the agreement which the Company fails to correct within 10 days after the Company receives
 written notice from the applicable executive of such violation. 

For
purposes of each agreement a Change of Control of the Company will be deemed to have occurred if, after the effective date
of the applicable agreement, (i) the beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities representing
more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company is acquired by any person as defined in sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the Exchange Act (other than the Company, any subsidiary of the Company, or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under
an employee benefit plan of the Company), (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation where the
shareholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger,
beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate
50 or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger
(or of its ultimate parent corporation, if any) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company immediately prior
to such merger or consolidation, or (iii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to
an entity, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity, at
least 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned directly or indirectly by shareholders of the Company,
immediately prior to the sale or disposition, in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company immediately prior
to such sale or disposition. 

89 

In
the event that the Company terminates the term of the applicable agreement or the applicable executive s employment with Cause,
or if the applicable executive terminates their agreement without good reason, then, subject to any other agreements between the company
with respect to other equity grants made to such executive: 

the Company will pay to
 the applicable executive any unpaid base salary and benefits then owed or accrued, and any unreimbursed expenses; 

any unvested portion of
 any equity granted to the applicable executive under the applicable agreement or any other agreements with the Company will immediately
 be forfeited; and 

all of the parties 
 rights and obligations under the agreement will cease, other than those rights or obligations which arose prior to the termination
 date or in connection with such termination, and subject to the survival provisions of the agreements. 

In
the event that the Company terminates the term of the applicable agreement or the applicable executive s employment without Cause,
or if the applicable executive terminates their agreement with good reason, then, subject to any other agreements between the company
with respect to other equity grants made to such executive: 

the Company will pay to
 the applicable executive any base salary, bonuses, and benefits then owed or accrued, and any unreimbursed expenses; 

the Company will pay to
 the applicable executive, in one lump sum, an amount equal to the base salary that would have been paid to the applicable executive
 for the remainder of the initial term of the applicable agreement (if the termination occurs during the initial term of the applicable
 agreement) or renewal term of the applicable agreement (if the termination occurs during a renewal term of the applicable agreement); 

any unvested portion of
 any equity granted to the applicable executive under the applicable agreement or any other agreements with the Company will, to the
 extent not already vested, be deemed automatically vested; and 

all of the parties 
 rights and obligations under the agreement will cease, other than those rights or obligations which arose prior to the termination
 date or in connection with such termination, and subject to the survival provisions of the agreements. 

In
the event of the applicable executive s death or total disability during the term of the applicable agreement, the term of the
applicable agreement and the applicable executive s employment shall terminate on the date of death or total disability. In the
event of such termination, the Company s sole obligations hereunder to the applicable executive (or the applicable executive s
estate) shall be for unpaid base salary, accrued but unpaid bonus and benefits (then owed or accrued and owed in the future), a pro-rata
bonus for the year of termination based on the applicable executive s target bonus for such year and the portion of such year in
which the applicable executive was employed, and reimbursement of expenses pursuant to the terms hereon through the effective date of
termination, and any unvested portion of any equity granted to the applicable executive under the applicable agreement or any other agreements
with the Company will immediately be forfeited as of the termination date. 

In
the event that the term of the applicable agreement is not renewed by either party, any unvested portion of any equity granted to the
applicable executive under the applicable agreement or any other agreements with the Company will immediately be forfeited as of the
expiration of the term of the applicable agreement without any further action of the parties. 

If
it is determined that any payment provided to the applicable executive under the applicable agreement or otherwise, whether or not in
connection with a Change of Control (a Payment ), would constitute an excess parachute payment within the
meaning of section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), such that the Payment would be subject
to an excise tax under section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), the Company will pay to the applicable executive an additional
amount (the Gross-Up Payment such that the net amount of the Gross-Up Payment retained by the applicable executive after
the payment of any Excise Tax and any federal, state and local income and employment tax on the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the
Excise Tax due on the Payment and any interest and penalties in respect of such Excise Tax. 

90 

During
the term of the applicable agreement, the applicable executive is entitled to fringe benefits consistent with the practices of the Company,
and to the extent the Company provides similar benefits to the Company s executive officers, and is entitled to reimbursement for
all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment and travel expenses incurred by the applicable executive in connection
with the performance of the applicable executive s duties hereunder and in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement
policies and procedures. 

Each
of the agreements provides that, during the term of the applicable agreement, the applicable executive will be entitled to indemnification
and insurance coverage for officers liability, fiduciary liability and other liabilities arising out of the applicable executive s
position with the Company in any capacity, in an amount not less than the highest amount available to any other executive, and such coverage
and protections, with respect to the various liabilities as to which the applicable executive has been customarily indemnified prior
to termination of employment, shall continue for at least six years following the end of the term of the applicable agreement. Any indemnification
agreement entered into between the Company and the applicable executive shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its
terms following the termination of the applicable. 

Each
of the employment agreements contains customary confidentiality provisions, and customary provisions related to Company ownership of
intellectual property conceived or made by the applicable executive in connection with the performance of their duties under the applicable
agreement (i.e., a work-made-for-hire provision). 

Each
of the agreements contains a non-compete provision which provides that, for the term of the applicable agreement and for a period of
two years thereafter, the applicable executive shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) engage in any other business, association or relationship
of any kind with any business which provides, in whole or in part, the same or similar services and/or products offered by the which
directly or indirectly competes with Company; nor (ii) solicit or accept, or induce any person or entity to reduce goods or services
to Company, or in any manner assist others in the solicitation, acceptance, or inducement of, any business transactions with Company s
existing and prospective clients, accounts, suppliers and/or other persons or entities with whom the Company has had business relationships
(or whom Company had specifically identified for a prospective business relationship). These restrictions extend to the geographic area
in which Company actively conducted business immediately prior to termination of the applicable agreement. 

Each
of the agreements also contains a customary non-solicitation provision, in which the applicable executive agrees that, for the term of
the applicable agreement and for a period of three years thereafter, the applicable executive will not, directly or indirectly solicit
or discuss with any employee of Company the employment of such Company employee by any other commercial enterprise other than Company,
nor recruit, attempt to recruit, hire or attempt to hire any such Company employee on behalf of any commercial enterprise other than
Company, provided that this provision does not prohibit the applicable executive from undertaking a general recruitment advertisement
provided that the foregoing is not targeted towards any person or entity identified above, or from hiring, employing or engaging any
such person or entity who responds to such general recruitment advertisement. 

Due
to the application of various states laws, there is no assurance that the non-compete provisions or the non-solicitation provisions
as set forth in each of the agreements will be enforced. Each of the agreements contains a blue pencil provision that,
in the event that a court determines that any of these restrictions are unenforceable, the parties to the agreement agreed that it is
their desire that the court substitute an enforceable restriction in place of any restriction deemed unenforceable, and that the substitute
restriction be deemed incorporated in the agreement and enforceable against the applicable executive. 

Each
of the agreements contains customary representations and warranties by the applicable executive, relating to the agreement, and any securities
of the Company that may be issued to the executive, and contains other customary miscellaneous provisions relating to waivers, assignments,
third party rights, survival of provisions following termination, severability, notices, waiver of jury trials and other provisions. 

Each
of the agreements is governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, and for all
purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of such state, without giving effect to the choice of law provisions of such
state. Each of the agreements provide that all legal proceedings concerning the applicable agreement will be in the state and federal
courts sitting in Santa Clara County, California, provided that each agreement also includes a provision relating to any disputes being
settled by arbitration. 

91 

Award
Agreements 

On February 9, 2022, each of the executives for whom an employment agreement was executed was issued a number of shares of restricted
stock pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. These awards were made pursuant to the form of restricted award agreement
which is attached to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. Each of the award agreements provides that the shares vest 25 a year, on each annual
anniversary of the date of the employment agreement, subject to earlier vesting and forfeiture as described in the employment agreements
(as described above). In other words, the grants vest with respect to 25 of the shares on each of February 9, 2023, February 9, 2024,
February 9, 2025 and February 9, 2026. The first 25 shares of restricted stock of 21,454 shares were issued on February 16, 2023. 

Name 
 Number of Shares of Restricted Stock 
 
 Sumitaka Yamamoto 
 45,720 
 
 Qizhi Gao 
 6,481 
 
 Kimio Hosaka 
 11,455 
 
 Hidekazu Miyata 
 9,072 
 
 Keisuke Kuno 
 13,092 

On
February 24, 2022, and effective February 22, 2022, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors approved the payment by the Company
of a performance-linked executive bonus in the amount of 18,000,000 Japanese Yen (approximately 138,803), to Sumitaka Yamamoto, the
Company s Chairman of Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and majority stockholder, in consideration of Mr. Yamamoto s
prior performance for the benefit of the Company and its stockholders. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information on outstanding options and stock awards held by the executive officers as of December 31,
2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 Number of 
 Shares or 
 Units Of 
 Stock that 
 Have Not 
 Vested (#) 
 
 Market Value Per Share Of 
 Shares Or 
 Units of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested ) 

Sumitaka Yamamoto 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,720 
 0.91 
 
 Keisuke Kuno 

18,750 
 56,250 
 2.5 
 12/25/2031 
 13,092 
 0.91 

Kimio Hosaka 
 25,000 
 75,000 
 2.5 
 12/25/2031 
 11,455 
 0.91 
 
 Hidekazu Miyata 
 12,500 
 37,500 
 2.5 
 12/25/2031 
 9,072 
 0.91 
 
 Qizhi Gao 
 12,500 
 37,500 
 2.5 
 12/25/2031 
 6,481 
 0.91 

Additional
Narrative Disclosure 

Retirement
Benefits 

We
have not maintained, and do not currently maintain, a defined benefit pension plan, nonqualified deferred compensation plan, 401(k) plan
or other retirement benefits. 

92 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

As
described under Employment Agreements above, each of the executives with whom the Company has entered into employment
agreements are entitled severance if their employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or is terminated by the
applicable executive with Good Reason , in each case as described above. 

Director
Compensation 

Other
than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation or make any equity awards or non-equity
awards to any of our non-employee directors during fiscal year 2022. Directors may be reimbursed for travel and other expenses directly
related to their activities as directors. Directors who also serve as employees receive no additional compensation for their service
as directors. During fiscal year 2022, each of Sumitaka Yamamoto, our Chief Executive Officer, and Kimio Hosaka, our Chief Operating
Officer, was a member of our board of directors, as well as an employee, and received no additional compensation for their services as
a director. See the section titled Executive Compensation for more information about the compensation for these individuals
for fiscal year 2022. 

The
following table presents the total compensation for each person who served as a non-employee director of the Company during fiscal year
2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or 
 Paid in Cash ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Takeshi Omoto 
 50,963 
 
 50,963 
 
 Yoshitomo Yamano 
 50,476 
 
 50,476 
 
 Yuki Tan 
 50,476 
 
 50,476 
 
 Yuta Katai 
 50,963 
 
 50,963 
 
 Ferdinand Groenewald 
 52,251 
 
 52,251 

Independent
Director Agreements 

Takeshi
Omoto, Yoshitomo Yamano, Yuki Tan and Yuta Katai entered into the Company s form of Independent Director Agreement dated as of
February 9, 2022. Previously, Ferdinand Groenewald entered into the Company s form of Independent Director Agreement. 

The
Independent Director Agreements provide that each non-employee director will be compensated as follows: 

Each director will be paid
 the sum of 50,000 annually for director s service as a director of the Company, to be paid 12,500 each calendar quarter,
 payable within five business days of the end of each calendar quarter, and with such amount for any partial calendar quarter being
 appropriately prorated. 

Each director shall be
 paid 4,000 annually for service as a member of the Audit Committee and an additional sum of 3,000 annually for service as the Chairman
 of the Audit Committee, with each of these payments to be paid quarterly in equal portions, within five business days of the end
 of each calendar quarter, and with any amount for any partial calendar quarter being appropriately prorated. 

During
the term of the applicable independent director agreement, the Company will reimburse the applicable director for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the applicable director in attending any in-person meetings, provided that the applicable director complies with
the generally applicable policies, practices and procedures of the Company for submission of expense reports, receipts or similar documentation
of such expenses. Any reimbursements for allocated expenses (as compared to out-of-pocket expenses of the applicable director in excess
of 500) must be approved in advance by the Company. 

93 

Each
of the agreements contains customary confidentiality provisions, and customary provisions related to Company ownership of intellectual
property conceived or made by the applicable director in connection with the performance of their duties under the applicable agreement
(i.e., a work-made-for-hire provision). 

Each
of the agreement provide that, during the term (which continues as long as the applicable director is serving as a director of the Company),
the applicable director is be entitled to indemnification and insurance coverage for officers liability, fiduciary liability and
other liabilities arising out of the applicable director s position with the Company in any capacity, in an amount not less than
the highest amount available to any other director, and such coverage and protections, with respect to the various liabilities as to
which the applicable director has been customarily indemnified prior to termination of employment, shall continue for at least six years
following the end of the term. Any indemnification agreement entered into between the Company and the applicable director will continue
in full force and effect in accordance with its terms following the termination of the applicable agreement. 

Each
of the agreements contains customary representations and warranties by the applicable director, relating to the agreement, and contains
other customary miscellaneous provisions relating to waivers, assignments, third party rights, survival of provisions following termination,
severability, notices, waiver of jury trials and other provisions. 

Each
of the agreements is governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, and for all
purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of such state, without giving effect to the choice of law provisions of such
state. Each of the agreements provide that all legal proceedings concerning the applicable agreement will be in the state and federal
courts sitting in Santa Clara County, California, provided that each agreement also includes a provision relating to any disputes being
settled by arbitration. 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

Overview 

The
Board of Directors and stockholders of the Company approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan on August 6,
2021. Under the 2021 Plan, 2,400,000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance to employees, directors and independent contractors
(except those performing services in connection with the offer or sale of the Company s securities in a capital raising transaction,
or promoting or maintaining a market for the Company s securities) of the Company or its subsidiary. The 2021 Plan authorizes equity-based
and cash-based incentives for participants. There were 6,330 shares available for award as of March 30, 2023 under the 2021
Plan. 

The
purpose of 2021 Plan is to promote the success of the Company and to increase stockholder value by providing an additional means through
the grant of awards to attract, motivate, retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. The Board may, at any time,
terminate or, from time to time, amend, modify or suspend this 2021 Plan, in whole or in part. To the extent then required by applicable
law or any applicable stock exchange or required under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to preserve
the intended tax consequences of the 2021 Plan, or deemed necessary or advisable by the Board, the 2021 Plan and any amendment to the
2021 Plan shall be subject to stockholder approval. Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the 2021 Plan will terminate ten years from
the date of adoption. 

Authorized
Shares 

A
total of 2,400,000 shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively increased
on January 1, 2022 and on each subsequent January 1, by a number of shares equal to the smaller of (i) 3 of the number of shares of
common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) an amount determined by the Board. 

94 

Additionally,
if any award issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered
pursuant to an exchange program, as provided in the 2021 Plan, or, with respect to restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ),
performance units or performance shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to the failure to vest, the unpurchased shares
(or for awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto
will become available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan (unless the 2021 Plan has terminated). With respect to stock appreciation
rights, only shares actually issued pursuant to a stock appreciation right will cease to be available under the 2021 Plan; all remaining
shares under stock appreciation rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan (unless the 2021 Plan has terminated).
Shares that have actually been issued under the 2021 Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2021 Plan and will not become available
for future distribution under the 2021 Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance shares or performance units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure
to vest, such shares will become available for future grant under the 2021 Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an award or
to satisfy the tax withholdings related to an award will become available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan. To the extent
an award under the 2021 Plan is paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares
available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise
of incentive stock options will equal the aggregate share number stated above, plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the
Code and regulations promulgated thereunder, any shares that become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan in accordance with the
foregoing. 

Plan
Administration 

The
Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board will administer the 2021 Plan. In addition, if the Company determines it is desirable
to qualify transactions under the 2021 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, such transactions will be structured with
the intent that they satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator
has the power to administer the 2021 Plan and make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the 2021 Plan,
including the power to determine the fair market value of the Company s common stock, select the service providers to whom awards
may be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve forms of award agreements for use under the 2021 Plan,
determine the terms and conditions of awards (including the exercise price, the time or times at which the awards may be exercised, any
vesting acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions and any restriction or limitation regarding any award or the shares relating
thereto), construe and interpret the terms of the 2021 Plan and awards granted under it, prescribe, amend and rescind rules relating
to the 2021 Plan, including creating sub-plans and modify or amend each award, including the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination
exercisability period of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will be extended past its original maximum term),
and to allow a participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would otherwise be due to such participant
under an award. The administrator also has the authority to allow participants the opportunity to transfer outstanding awards to a financial
institution or other person or entity selected by the administrator and to institute an exchange program by which outstanding awards
may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or lower exercise price or different
terms, awards of a different type or cash, or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is increased or reduced. The administrator s
decisions, interpretations and other actions are final and binding on all participants. 

Eligibility 

Awards
under the 2021 Plan, other than incentive stock options, may be granted to employees (including officers) of the Company or a subsidiary,
members of the Company s Board, or consultants engaged to render bona fide services to the Company or a subsidiary. Incentive stock
options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a subsidiary. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options may be granted under the 2021 Plan. The exercise price of options granted under the 2021 Plan generally must at least be equal
to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The term of each option will be as stated in the applicable
award agreement; provided, however, that the term may be no more than 10 years from the date of grant. The administrator will determine
the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares or other property acceptable to the administrator,
as well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant,
they may exercise their option for the period of time stated in their option agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an award
agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service.
An option may not be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines
the other terms of options. 

95 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

Stock
appreciation rights may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Stock appreciation rights allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in
the fair market value of the Company s common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. Stock appreciation rights
may not have a term exceeding 10 years. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant, they may exercise their
stock appreciation right for the period of time stated in their stock appreciation right agreement. In the absence of a specified time
in an award agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for 12 months.
In all other cases, in the absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for
three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration
of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of stock appreciation rights, including
when such rights become exercisable and whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of the Company s common
stock, or a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock
appreciation right will be no less than 100 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

Restricted
Stock 

Restricted
stock may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of the Company s common stock that vest
in accordance with terms and conditions established by the administrator. The administrator will determine the number of shares of restricted
stock granted to any employee, director or consultant and, subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, will determine the terms and conditions
of such awards. The administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to be appropriate (for example, the administrator
may set restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or continued service to the Company); provided, however,
that the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients
of restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting,
unless the administrator provides otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to the Company s right of
repurchase or forfeiture. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

RSUs
may be granted under the 2021 Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of
the Company s common stock. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the terms and conditions of
RSUs, including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement
of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state
securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator in its discretion. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may
pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of the Company s common stock or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied. 

Performance
Units and Performance Shares 

Performance
units and performance shares may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards that will result
in a payment to a participant only if performance goals established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The
administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which
they are met, will determine the number or the value of performance units and performance shares to be paid out to participants. The
administrator may set performance objectives based on the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals
(including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator
in its discretion. After the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce
or waive any performance criteria or other vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares. Performance units shall
have an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial
value equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The administrator, in its sole discretion,
may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares or in some combination thereof. 

96 

Non-Employee
Directors 

The
2021 Plan provides that all non-employee directors will be eligible to receive all types of awards (except for incentive stock options)
under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan includes a maximum limit of 750,000 of equity awards that may be granted to a non-employee director
in any fiscal year, increased to 1,500,000 in connection with his or her initial service. For purposes of this limitation, the value
of equity awards is based on the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States). Any equity awards granted to a person for their services as an employee, or for their services as a consultant (other
than as a non-employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the intended size
of any potential compensation or equity awards to the Company s non-employee directors. 

Non-transferability
of Awards 

Unless
the administrator provides otherwise, the 2021 Plan generally does not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of an
award may exercise an award during their lifetime. If the administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such additional
terms and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate. 

Certain
Adjustments 

In
the event of certain changes in the Company s capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
benefits available under the 2021 Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may be delivered under the
2021 Plan or the number, and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth in the 2021 Plan. 

Dissolution
or Liquidation 

In
the event of the Company s proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator will notify participants as soon as practicable
and all awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction. 

Merger
or Change in Control 

The
2021 Plan provides that in the event of the Company s merger with or into another corporation or entity or a change in control 
(as defined in the 2021 Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator determines, including, without limitation,
that (i) awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or
an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a participant,
that the participant s awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or change in control;
(iii) outstanding awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable or payable, or restrictions applicable to an award will lapse,
in whole or in part, prior to or upon consummation of such merger or change in control and, to the extent the administrator determines,
terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or change in control; (iv) (A) the termination of an award in
exchange for an amount of cash or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such award
or realization of the participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt,
if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant s rights, then such award may be terminated by the Company without
payment) or (B) the replacement of such award with other rights or property selected by the administrator in its sole discretion; or
(v) any combination of the foregoing. The administrator will not be obligated to treat all awards, all awards a participant holds, or
all awards of the same type, similarly. In the event that awards (or portion thereof) are not assumed or substituted for in the event
of a merger or change in control, the participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding options
and stock appreciation rights, including shares as to which such awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions
on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, with respect to awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting
criteria will be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in all cases, unless specifically provided
otherwise under the applicable award agreement or other written agreement between the participant and the Company or any of the Company s
subsidiary or parents, as applicable. If an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a merger
or change in control, the administrator will notify the participant in writing or electronically that the option or stock appreciation
right will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the administrator in its sole discretion and the vested option or stock
appreciation right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

97 

For
awards granted to an outside director, the outside director will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding
options and stock appreciation rights, all restrictions on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, for awards with performance-based
vesting, unless specifically provided for in the award agreement, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved
at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met. 

Clawback 

Awards
will be subject to any Company clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national
securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable laws. The administrator also may specify in an award agreement that the
participant s rights, payments or benefits with respect to an award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment
upon the occurrence of certain specified events. The Board may require a participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all
or a portion of the award or shares issued under the award, any amounts paid under the award and any payments or proceeds paid or provided
upon disposition of the shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy or applicable laws. 

Amendment
and Termination 

The
administrator has the authority to amend, suspend or terminate the 2021 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights
of any participant. The 2021 Plan automatically will terminate on August 6, 2031, unless it is terminated sooner. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner
 of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially
 owns shares of our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

98 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 20,842,690 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023.
Unless otherwise noted below, the address for each beneficial owner listed on the table is c/o HeartCore Enterprises, Inc., 1-2-33, Higashigotanda,
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. We believe, based on the
information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number and 
 Nature of Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned (1) 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers: 

Sumitaka Yamamoto 
 10,995,969 
 52.8 
 
 Keisuke Kuno 
 56,611 

Kimio Hosaka 
 92,532 

Prakash Sadasivam 
 2,500,000 
 12.0 
 
 Ferdinand Groenewald 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yoshitomo Yamano 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yuki Tan 
 - 
 - 
 
 Takeshi Omoto 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yuta Katai 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons) (2) 
 13,738,780 
 65.9 

Other 5 Stockholders: 

Daishin Yasui 
 2,325,425 
 11.2 

less than 1 . 

(1) 
 The percentages in the
 table have been calculated based on 20,842,690 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 31, 2023. To calculate
 a stockholder s percentage of beneficial ownership, we include in the numerator and denominator the common stock outstanding
 and all shares of our common stock issuable to that person in the event of the exercise of outstanding options and other derivative
 securities owned by that person which are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. Common stock options and
 derivative securities held by other stockholders are disregarded in this calculation. Therefore, the denominator used in calculating
 beneficial ownership among our stockholders may differ. Unless we have indicated otherwise, each person named in the table has sole
 voting power and sole investment power for the shares listed opposite such person s name. 

(2) 
 Includes the directors
 and named executive officers listed above, as well as (i) 72,048 shares beneficially owned by Hidekazu Miyata, our Chief Technical
 Officer, and (ii) 21,620 shares beneficially owned by Qizhi Gao, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, regarding our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized
for issuance: 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
 Securities to be 
 Issued Upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants and 
 Rights 
 Weighted- 
 average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants and 
 Rights 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Remaining 
 Available for 
 Future Issuance 
 Under Equity 
 Compensation 
 Plans 
 (Excluding 
 Securities 
 Reflected in 
 Column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,622,320 
 2.37 
 777,680 (1) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 1,622,320 
 2.37 
 777,680 

(1)
This represents shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). 

99 

The
Board of Directors and stockholders of the Company approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan on August 6,
2021. Under the 2021 Plan, 2,400,000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance to employees, directors and independent contractors
(except those performing services in connection with the offer or sale of the Company s securities in a capital raising transaction,
or promoting or maintaining a market for the Company s securities) of the Company or its subsidiary. The 2021 Plan authorizes equity-based
and cash-based incentives for participants. 

There
were 6,330 and 777,680 shares available for award under the 2021 Plan as of March 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022,
respectively. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Under
Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K, a related person transaction is any actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series
of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business,
to which we or our subsidiary were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiary were or are a participant, in which the amount involved
exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years
and in which any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of our voting
securities (a significant shareholder ), or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest. 

We
recognize that transactions between us and any of our directors or executives or with a third party in which one of our officers, directors
or significant shareholders has an interest can present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our
decisions are based on considerations other than the best interests of our Company and stockholders. 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is charged with responsibility for reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between
the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K), including the propriety and ethical implications of any
such transactions, as reported or disclosed to the Audit Committee by the independent auditors, employees, officers, members of the Board
of Directors or otherwise, and to determine whether the terms of the transaction are not less favorable to us than could be obtained
from an unaffiliated party. 

From
time to time, we engage in transactions with related parties. The following is a summary of the related party transactions during the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and any proposed transactions, requiring disclosure pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation
S-K. We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described
below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

Related
Party Transactions 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a due to related party balance of 402 and 1,110, respectively, from Sumitaka Yamamoto, the CEO and
major shareholder of the Company. The balance is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company repaid to the related party for operating expenses the related party paid on behalf of the Company in a net amount of
 575. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company advanced 87,664 to this related party, and the related party paid expenses
of 111,350 on behalf of the Company. As of December 31, 2020, Sumitaka Yamamoto held 467,622 shares issued with repurchase provision
in relation to the stock options the Company granted in May 2016 that he repurchased on behalf of the Company. On November 3, 2021, the
Company redeemed 484,056 shares that Sumitaka Yamamoto held on behalf of the Company for 1 and settled the share repurchase payable to
him of 28, resulting in a gain on shares redemption of 27. 

100 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company has a loan receivable balance of 294,919 and 386,315, respectively, from Heartcore Technology Inc., a company controlled
by the CEO of the Company. The loan was made to the related party to support its operation. The balance is unsecured, bears an annual
interest of 1.475 , and requires repayments in installments starting from February 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company loaned 55,212 to this related party, and the related party paid expenses of 13,704 on behalf of the Company. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company received repayments of 44,871 from this related party. 

In June
2020, Suzuyo Shinwart Corporation became an over 10 shareholder of the Company. In July 2021, Suzuyo Shinwart Corporation sold all its
shares of the Company to the Company s CEO and ceased to be the Company s related party. During the period from January 1,
2021 to July 12, 2021, when Suzuyo Shinwart Corporation was a related party of the Company, the Company has revenues from this related
party of 157,791 from software sales and incurred cost with this related party of 332,669 for software development services provided. 

During the
period from January 1, 2022 through January 13, 2022, the Company completed a private placement, in which, it issued 30,000 shares of
common shares at a purchase price of 2.50 per share to the officers of the Company for an aggregate amount of 75,000. During the period
from October 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company completed a private placement, in which, it issued 30,000 shares of common
shares at a purchase price of 2.50 per share to the officers of the Company for an aggregate amount of 75,000. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company s Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that five of its eight directors, including Ferdinand Groenewald,
Yoshitomo Yamano, Yuki Tan, Takeshi Omoto, and Yuta Katai are independent directors of the Company within the meaning of Nasdaq Capital
Market s rules. We are a controlled company under Nasdaq Capital Market rules and are not required to have a majority
of independent directors on the Board. See Management Controlled Company and Director Independence for additional
information. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to MaloneBailey, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 560,000 
 400,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 140,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 560,000 
 540,000 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at Board meetings. 

101 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for tax planning services and tax advice. The board of directors must specifically approve
all other tax services. 

All
Other Fees . Other services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the
established audit, audit-related, and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not
fall within any of the specified prohibited categories of services. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Since
formation of our audit committee, all of the foregoing services were pre-approved by our audit committee. Our audit committee will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this annual report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements on page F-1. 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedules 

All financial statements
 schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information
 is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part
 of this annual report the exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index immediately before the signature page to this Annual Report on Form
 10-K. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained
 by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference
 Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

102 

HEARTCORE
ENTERPRISES, INC. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 HeartCore
Enterprises, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

www.malonebailey.com 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

HEARTCORE
ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from related party 

Loan receivable from employee 
 - 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Security deposits 

Long-term loan receivable from related party 

Loan receivable from employee, non-current 
 - 

Other non-current assets 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and other employee costs 

Due to related party 

Current portion of long-term debts 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Finance lease liabilities, current 

Income tax payables 

Deferred revenue 

Mandatorily redeemable financial interest 
 - 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Long-term debts 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Finance lease liabilities, non-current 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities: 

Shareholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred shares par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common shares par value, shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total shareholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

HEARTCORE
ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Other expenses 

Total other income (expenses) 

Income (loss) before income tax provision 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net loss 

Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 - 

Net loss attributable to HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total comprehensive loss 

Less: comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 - 

Comprehensive loss attributable to HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. 

Net loss per common share attributable to HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HEARTCORE
ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Accumulated 
 deficit 
 comprehensive income (loss) 
 equity 
 (deficit) 
 controlling interest 
 equity (deficit) 

Common shares 
 Additional 
 Treasury shares 
 
 Accumulated other 
 Total HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. shareholders 
 Non- 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Accumulated 
 deficit 
 comprehensive income (loss) 
 equity 
 (deficit) 
 controlling interest 
 equity (deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclassification of non-controlling interest to mandatorily redeemable financial interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

Balance 

- 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common shares for cash 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common shares from exercise of share options 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Repurchase of common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Retirement of treasury shares 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

- 

Balance 

- 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HEARTCORE
ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation expenses 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Non-cash lease expense 

Deferred income taxes 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on shares redemption 
 - 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and other employee costs 

Due to related party 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Income tax payables 

Deferred revenue 

Other liabilities 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Advance and loan provided to related parties 
 - 

Repayment of loan provided to related party 
 
 - 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of issuance cost 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common shares prior to initial public offering 

Repurchase of common shares 
 
 - 
 
 Payments for finance leases 

Proceeds from long-term debt 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of long-term debts 

Repayment of insurance premium financing 
 
 - 
 
 Payments for debt issuance costs 

Payment for mandatorily redeemable financial interest 
 
 - 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of the year 

Supplemental cash flow disclosure: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions 

Remeasurement of the lease liability and right-of-use asset due to lease modification 
 - 

Payroll withheld as repayment of loan receivable from employees 

Expenses paid by related parties on behalf of the Company 
 - 

Reclassification of non-controlling interest to mandatorily redeemable financial interest 
 - 

Share repurchase liability settled by issuance of common shares 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs recognized against the proceeds from the offering 
 
 - 
 
 Insurance premium financing 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

HEARTCORE
ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of its common shares to the shareholders of HeartCore Japan in exchange for shares out of shares of common
shares issued by HeartCore Japan, representing approximately of HeartCore Japan s outstanding common shares. On February
24, 2022, the Company purchased the remaining shares of common shares of HeartCore Japan. As a result, HeartCore Japan became a wholly
owned operating subsidiary of the Company. 

The
share exchange on July 16, 2021 has been accounted for as a recapitalization between entities under common control since the same controlling
shareholders controlled these two entities before and after the transaction. The consolidation of the Company and its subsidiary has
been accounted for at historical cost and prepared on the basis as if the transaction had become effective as of the beginning of the
earliest period presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company, via its wholly-owned operating subsidiary, HeartCore Japan, is mainly engaged in the business of developing and sales of
comprehensive software. Beginning from early 2022, HeartCore USA is engaged in business of providing consulting services to Japanese
companies with intention to go public in the United States capital market. 

On
September 6, 2022, HeartCore USA entered into a share exchange and purchase agreement Sigmaways Agreement to acquire
 of the outstanding shares of Sigmaways, Inc. Sigmaways ), a company incorporated under the laws of the State of California
and is engaged in the business of developing and sales
of software in the United States . The acquisition was closed on February 1, 2023. 

I n
January 2023, HeartCore USA incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, HeartCore Financial, Inc. HeartCore
Financial , under the laws of the State of Delaware. HeartCore Financial is engaged in the
business of providing financial consulting services. 

I n
February 2023, HeartCore USA incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, HeartCore Capital Advisors, Inc. HeartCore Capital
Advisors ), in Japan. HeartCore Capital Advisors is engaged in the business of providing financial consulting services to
Japanese companies. 

HeartCore
USA, HeartCore Japan, Sigmaways, HeartCore Financial, and HeartCore Capital Advisors are hereafter referred to as the Company. 

Machinery and equipment 

- years 
 
 Vehicle 

years 
 
 Software 

years 

Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs, which do not materially extend the useful lives of the assets, are charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures
for major renewals and betterments which substantially extend the useful life of assets are capitalized. The cost and related accumulated
depreciation of assets retired or sold are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Accretion expense 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Ending balance 

In
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, software development costs expensed as incurred amounted to and , respectively.
These software development costs were included in the research and development expenses. 

Average JPY: US 1 exchange rate 

The
Company currently generates its revenues from the following main sources: 

Revenue
from On-Premise Software 

Licenses
for on-premise software provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available to the customer. The Company
provides on-premise software in the form of both perpetual licenses and term-based licenses which grant the customers with the right
for a specified term. Revenue from on-premise licenses is recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available
to the customer. Licenses for on-premise software are typically sold to the customer with maintenance and support services in a bundle.
Revenues under the bundled arrangements are allocated based on the relative standalone selling prices SSP of on-premise
software and maintenance and support service. The SSP for maintenance and support services is estimated based upon observable transactions
when those services are sold on a standalone basis. The SSP of on-premise software is typically estimated using the residual approach
as the Company is unable to establish the SSP for on-premise licenses based on observable prices given the same products are sold for
a broad range of amounts (that is, the selling price is highly variable) and a representative SSP is not discernible from past transactions
or other observable evidence. 

Revenue
from Maintenance and Support Service 

Maintenance
and support services provided with software licenses consist of trouble shooting, technical support and the right to receive unspecified
software updates when and if available during the subscription. Revenues from maintenance and support services are recognized over time
as such services are performed. Revenues for consumption-based services are generally recognized as the services are performed and accepted
by the customers. 

Revenue
from Software as a Service SaaS 

The
Company s software is available for use as hosted application arrangements under subscription fee agreements without licensing
the rights of the software to the customers. Subscription fees from these applications are recognized over time on a ratable basis over
the customer agreement term beginning on the date the Company s solution is made available to the customer. The subscription contracts
are generally one year or less in length. 

Revenue
from Software Development and other Miscellaneous Services 

The
Company provides customers with software development and support service pursuant to their specific requirements, which primarily compose
of consulting, integration, training, custom application, and workflow development. The Company also provides other miscellaneous services,
such as 3D Space photography. The Company generally recognizes revenue at a point in time when control is transferred to the customers
and the Company is entitled to the payment, which is when the promised services are delivered and accepted by the customers. 

Revenue
from Consulting Service 

The
Company provides public listing related consulting services to customers pursuant to the specific requirements prescribed in the
contracts, which primarily include communicating with intermediary parties, preparing required documents related to the initial
public offering and supporting the listing process. The consulting service contracts are generally less than one year in length.
Revenues from consulting services are recognized over the period of the contract by reference to progress toward complete
satisfaction of that performance obligation. 

The
timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to the customers. The Company records a contract asset, which is
included in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets, when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing. The Company records
deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets when revenues are recognized subsequent to cash collection for an invoice. Deferred
revenue is reported net of related uncollected deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. The amount of revenues recognized
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that were included in the opening deferred revenues balance was approximately 
million and million, respectively. 

Disaggregation
of Revenues 

The
Company disaggregates its revenues from contracts by service types, as the Company believes it best depicts how the nature, amount, timing
and uncertainty of the revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors. The Company s disaggregation of revenues for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as following: 

Revenue from Maintenance and Support Service 

Revenue from Software as a Service SaaS 

Revenue from Software Development and other Miscellaneous Services 

Revenue from Consulting Service 
 
 - 
 
 Total Revenues 

The
Company s disaggregation of revenues by product/service is as following: 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue from Customer Experience Management Platform 

Revenue from Process Mining 

Revenue from Robotic Process Automation 

Revenue from Task Mining 

Revenue from Consulting Service 
 
 - 
 
 Revenue from Others 

Total Revenues 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, all long-lived assets and almost all of the revenues generated
are attributed to the Company s operation in Japan. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of the Company s total revenues. For the year ended December
31, 2021, customer A represents of the Company s total revenues. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, vendor A, B, and C represent , and , respectively, of the Company s total purchases.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, vendor A, B, C and D represent , , and , respectively, of the Company s
total purchases. 

Under
the provisions of ASC 740, when tax returns are filed, it is likely that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by
the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position
that would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which,
based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination,
including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more
than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax
positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the
accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.
Interest associated with unrecognized tax benefits is classified as interest expense and penalties are classified in selling, general
and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Write-offs 
 - 

Additions to allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 

Ending balance 
 - 
 - 

Prepaid marketing and consulting fees 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid subscription fees 

Deferred offering expenses 
 - 

Prepaid insurance premium 

Others 

Total 

Deferred
offering expenses, consisting of legal fees and road show expenses relating to the Company s initial public offering, were capitalized
and recorded on the balance sheet. The deferred offering expenses were reclassified to shareholders equity (deficit) and recorded
against the proceeds received upon the closing of the Company s initial public offering on February 14, 2022. 

and , respectively, from Sumitaka Yamamoto,
the CEO and major shareholder of the Company. The balance is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company repaid to the related party for operating expenses the related party paid on behalf of the Company in
a net amount of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company advanced to this related party, and the related party
paid expenses of on behalf of the Company. As of December 31, 2020, Sumitaka Yamamoto held shares issued with repurchase
provision in relation to the stock options the Company granted in May 2016 that he repurchased on behalf of the Company. On November
3, 2021, the Company redeemed shares that Sumitaka Yamamoto held on behalf of the Company for and settled the share repurchase
payable to him of , resulting in a gain on shares redemption of (also see NOTE 13). 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has
a loan receivable balance of and , respectively, from Heartcore Technology Inc., a company controlled by the CEO of the
Company. The loan was made to the related party to support its operation. The balance is unsecured, bears an annual interest of ,
and requires repayments in installments starting from February 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company loaned 
to this related party, and the related party paid expenses of on behalf of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company received repayments of from this related party. 

In
June 2020, Suzuyo Shinwart Corporation became an over shareholder of the Company. In July 2021, Suzuyo Shinwart Corporation sold
all its shares of the Company to the Company s CEO and ceased to be the Company s related party. During the period from January
1, 2021 to July 12, 2021, when Suzuyo Shinwart Corporation was a related party of the Company, the Company has revenues from this related
party of from software sales and incurred cost with this related party of for software development services provided. 

During
the period from January 1, 2022 through January 13, 2022, the Company completed a private placement, in which, it issued 
shares of common shares at a purchase price of 
per share to the officers of the Company for an aggregate amount of .
During the period from October 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company completed a private placement, in which, it issued shares of common shares at a purchase price of per share to the officers of the Company for an aggregate amount of . 

and the term of this loan is . Repayments are deducted from the
monthly salary of this employee. The loan was fully repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Machinery and equipment 

Vehicle 

Software 

Subtotal 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and are included in property and equipment, net
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease costs 

Operating lease costs 

Total lease costs 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Remeasurement of operating lease liability and right-of-use asset due to lease modification 
 - 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Finance leases 

Operating leases 

Weighted-average discount rate: (per annum) 

Finance leases 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 
 - 

2026 
 - 

2027 
 - 

Thereafter 
 - 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

Less: current portion 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Pursuant
to the operating lease agreements, the Company made security deposits to the lessors. The security deposits amounted to and
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(a)(c) 

Loans with banks and other financial institutions 

Resona Bank, Limited 

(a) 

- 

Resona Bank, Limited 

(a)(b) 

Resona Bank, Limited 

(a)(b) 

Resona Bank, Limited 

(a)(b) 

Resona Bank, Limited 

(a)(b) 

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 

(a) 

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 

(a)(b) 

The Shoko Chukin Bank, Ltd. 

The Shoko Chukin Bank, Ltd. 

Japan Finance Corporation 

- 

Japan Finance Corporation 

Higashi-Nippon Bank 

(a) 

- 

Aggregate outstanding principal balances 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 
 
 Less: current portion 

() 

() 
 
 Non-current portion 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Interest
expense for long-term debts was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total 

at an annual
interest rate of for nine months from February 1, 2022, payable in nine monthly installments of principal and interest. As of
December 31, 2022, the insurance premium financing was fully repaid. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the interest incurred was
 . 

statutory
tax rate with respect to the profit generated from the United States. 

Japan 

The
Company conducts its major businesses in Japan and is subject to tax in this jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the
Company files tax returns that are subject to examination by the local tax authority. Income taxes in Japan applicable to the Company
are imposed by the national, prefectural, and municipal governments, and in the aggregate resulted in an effective statutory rate of
approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Deferred 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Effect of income tax difference under different tax jurisdictions 

Effect of change in income tax rate for deferred tax assets 

Effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other adjustments 

Effective tax rate 

Expense adjustments 

Research and development costs capitalized for tax purposes 

Net operating losses carried forward 

Subtotal 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

The
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in future
periods. The Company regularly assesses the ability to realize its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not
that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company weighs all available positive and negative evidence, including
its earnings history and results of recent operations, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. 

The
amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward
period are reduced or increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional
weight may be given to subjective evidence such as the Company s projections for growth. The adjustments of a valuation allowance
against deferred tax assets may cause greater volatility in the effective tax rate in the periods in which the valuation allowance is
adjusted. 

Uncertain
tax positions 

The
Company evaluates each uncertain tax position (including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical
merits, and measures the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the management considered
the Company did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions. The Company did not incur any interest or penalties tax
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not anticipate any significant increases or decreases in unrecognized
tax benefits in the next twelve months from December 31, 2022. The Company s Japan subsidiary income tax return filed for the tax
years ending from May 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022 are subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. 

units stock options to its employees each to acquire one share of common shares of HeartCore Japan
(an equivalent of approximately shares of common shares of HeartCore USA) at JPY each (approximately ). All options are
exercisable upon issuance with a repurchase provision before the completion of the Company s initial public offering, which serves
as a vesting condition. All employees that were granted these stock options had early exercised their stock options in 2016 prior to
the vesting of the related stock options. As of November 3, 2021, units of the options were forfeited, and the CEO of the Company
has repurchased and held the shares issued related to the early exercise of such stock options on behalf of the Company. On November
3, 2021, the Company redeemed shares (equivalent to shares of common shares of HeartCore Japan) from the CEO of the Company. 

The
consideration received for the remaining early exercised options was recorded by the Company as a share repurchase liability included
in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet with JPY (approximately as of December 31, 2021. The shares
issued related to the early exercise of the above-mentioned stock options were not considered outstanding as of December 31, 2021. On
February 14, 2022, the units of stock options were vested upon the completion of the Company s initial public offering and
the Company recognized stock-based compensation of during the year ended December 31, 2022. In the same period, the share repurchase
liability of was settled by issuance of shares of common shares (equivalent to shares of common shares of HeartCore Japan)
from exercise of stock options. 

Issued and unvested balance 

Forfeited 

Issued and unvested as of December 31, 2021 

Issued and unvested balance 

Vested and exercised 

Exercisable of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 
 Exercisable balance 
 - 

On
August 6, 2021, the Board of directors and stockholders of the Company approved a 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ),
under which of common shares are authorized for issuance. On December 25, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase 
shares of common shares at an exercise price of per share to various officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Company.
The options vest on each annual anniversary of the date of issuance, in an amount equal to of the applicable shares of common shares,
with the expiration date on . 

On
August 2, 2022, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common shares at an exercise price of per share to an employee
of the Company. The options vest on each annual anniversary of the date of issuance, in an amount equal to of the applicable shares
of common shares, with the expiration date on . 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common shares at an exercise price of per share to three
prior employees of the Company. The options are fully vested and exercisable on the grant date, with the expiration date on . As of December 31, 2022, none of the options were exercised. 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

Dividend yield 

Exercise term 
 - years 
 years 

The
Company recognized stock-based compensation related to options of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. The outstanding unamortized stock-based compensation related to options was (which will be recognized through
August 2026) as of December 31, 2022. 

Restricted
Stock Units RSUs 

On
February 9, 2022, the Company entered into executive employment agreements with five executives and granted RSUs pursuant to the
2021 Plan. The RSUs vest on each annual anniversary of the date of the employment agreement, in an amount equal to of the applicable
shares of common shares. The fair value of the RSUs at grant date was . 

On
February 25, 2022, the Company entered into a service agreement with a marketing company to purchase 6-month marketing services and granted
 RSUs. The RSUs were issued and vested on May 15, 2022. The fair value of the RSUs at grant date was . 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

The
Company recognized RSU-related stock-based compensation of and nil during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The outstanding unamortized stock-based compensation related to RSUs was (which will be recognized through February 2026) as
of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common shares, par value of per share, and shares of preferred
shares, par value of per share. 

On
November 3, 2021, the Company redeemed shares issued of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. from the CEO of the Company for in total
for the shares related to the early exercise of stock options the CEO held on behalf of the Company. The redemption of shares resulted
in shares reduced from the shares issued. 

During
the period from October 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common shares at a purchase price of
 per share for an aggregate net proceeds of in a private placement, including shares of common shares issued to
the officers of the Company. 

During
the period from January 1, 2022 through January 13, 2022, the Company issued shares of common shares at a purchase price of 
per share for an aggregate net proceeds of in a private placement, including shares of common shares issued to the officers
of the Company. 

On
February 14, 2022, the Company completed its initial public offering on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol of HTCR .
The Company offered common shares at per share. Net proceeds raised by the Company from the initial public offering amounted
to after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. The Company has deferred costs of
 directly attributed to the offering, among which offering costs were paid and deferred as of December 31, 2021. Those
costs were charged against the proceeds from the offering. 

On
February 14, 2022, shares of common shares were issued from exercise of stock options by settling share repurchase liability
of (also see NOTE 12). 

On
May 15, 2022, shares of restricted shares were issued to a marketing company as compensation for services received (also see NOTE
12). 

Share
Repurchase Program 

On
June 1, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program 2022 Share Repurchase Program ), pursuant to which
the Company is authorized to repurchase up to million of its outstanding common shares. The timing and amount of repurchases under
the program are determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. This program
has no set termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 

During
the period from June 1, 2022 through September 30, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common shares at an average price
of per share totaling approximately million (including commissions) under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. As of September
30, 2022, the Company has used up the entire balance authorized under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 

On
October 18, 2022, the Board of Directors approved to retire all the repurchased shares. As of December 31, 2022, all of the 
treasury shares have been retired. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares, respectively, of common shares issued, and 
shares, respectively, of common shares outstanding. 

preferred shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The number of shares reflects the retrospective presentation
of the share issuance on July 16, 2021, due to the recapitalization between entities under common control. 

on the earlier
of the (i) the date the SEC declares effective a registration statement on Form S-1, for a firm commitment underwritten initial public
offering of common shares, filed by the Company with the SEC or (ii) December 20, 2022. The Company has determined such shares to be
a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument and is recorded as a liability of JPY (approximately in the consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. On February 24, 2022, the Company purchased the shares of HeartCore Japan from Dentsu Digital
for JPY (approximately ). As a result, HeartCore Japan became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in calculating loss per share 

Denominator used for loss per share 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average shares outstanding are the same for basic and diluted loss per share
calculations, as the inclusion of common share equivalents would have an anti-dilutive effect. 

of the outstanding shares of Sigmaways, a company
engaged in the business of developing and sales of software in the United States . On February
1, 2023, the Company closed the acquisition for a total consideration of , including in cash and shares
of common shares of the Company with fair value of at the closing date. As a result, Sigmaways became a subsidiary of the Company. 

Due to the limited
time since the acquisition date and the effort required to conform the financial statements to the Company s practices and policies, the
initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete at the time of this filing. As a result, the Company is unable to provide
the amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for the major classes of assets acquired and liabilities assumed , intangible assets and goodwill, if any.
This information will be included in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company granted stock options to an employee to purchase 
common shares at an exercise price of 
per share throughout a period of ten years from the grant date. The stock options will vest 0 on the grant date and February 1, 2024, respectively . 

On
March 12, 2023, Signature Bank was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of Financial Services. On
the same date the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver and transferred all customer deposits
and substantially all of the assets of Signature Bank to Signature Bridge Bank, N.A., a full-service bank that is being operated by the
FDIC. The Company automatically became a customer of Signature Bridge Bank, N.A. as part of this action. The Company held approximately
 million cash deposits at Signature Bridge Bank, N.A. as of March 12, 2023. Normal banking activities resumed on Monday, March 13,
2023. 

On
March 22, 2023, the Company granted shares of common shares to the employees and service providers of Sigmaways. 

F- 24 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261984) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261984) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Memorandum to Share Exchange Agreement dated July 15, 2021, among HeartCore Co., Sumitaka. Yamamoto, and Information Services International-Dentsu Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261984) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated July 16, 2021, among HeartCore Enterprises, Inc., all shareholders of HeartCore Co., Ltd., and Sumitaka Yamamoto as representative of the shareholders of HeartCore Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261984) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 10, 2021, between HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. and Dentsu Digital Investment Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261984) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261984) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 9, 2022, between the Company and Sumitaka Yamamoto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 9, 2022, between the Company and Kimio Hosaka (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022).). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 9, 2022, between the Company and Keisuke Kuno (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 9, 2022, between the Company and Qizhi Gao (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 9, 2022, between the Company and Hidekazu Miyata (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement between HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. and each independent director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261984) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. and each independent director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261984) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, by and between the registrant and Moveaction Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2022). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Moveaction Co., Ltd. to the registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2022). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2022, by and between the registrant and A.L.I. Technologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by A.L.I. Technologies Inc. to the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022). 

103 

10.16 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2022, by and between the registrant and SYLA Holdings Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2022). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by SYLA Holdings Co. Ltd. to the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2022). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2022, by and between the registrant and Syla Technologies Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2022). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued on August 17, 2022 by Syla Technologies Co. Ltd. to the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2022). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Share Exchange and Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2022, by and among the registrant, Sigmaways, Inc. and Prakash Sadasivam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2022, by and between HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. and Metros Development Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, issued on October 20, 2022, by Metros Development Co., Ltd. in favor of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2022, by and between HeartCore Inc. and Metros Development Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, issued on October 20, 2022, by Metros Development Co., Ltd. in favor of HeartCore Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Termination of Consulting and Services Agreement and Warrant, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and between HeartCore Inc. and Metros Development Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022, by and between HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. and Metros Development Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, issued on October 26, 2022, by Metros Development Co., Ltd. in favor of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, by and between the registrant and Sumitaka Yamamoto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022). 
 
 10.29 
 
 9th Stock Acquisition Rights Allotment Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2022, by and between the registrant and SYLA Technologies Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2022, by and between the registrant and SYLA Technologies Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2022, by and between the registrant and SBC Medical Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, issued on November 18, 2022, by SBC Medical Group, Inc. in favor of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2023, by and between the registrant and kk.BloomZ (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023). 

104 

10.34 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, issued on January 11, 2023, by kk.BloomZ in favor of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Share Exchange and Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, by and among the registrant, Sigmaways, Inc. and Prakash Sadasivam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated February 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 1, 2023, by and between the registrant and Prakash Sadasivam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated February 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (Amendment No. 1) filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Addendum to Share Exchange and Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and among the registrant, Sigmaways, Inc. and Prakash Sadasivam. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (Amendment No. 1) filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2023, by and between the registrant and Libera Gaming Operations, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2023). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 13, 2023, issued by Libera Gaming Operations, Inc. to the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2023). 
 
 10.42 
 
 Consulting and Services Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2023, by and between the registrant and ICheck Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2023). 
 
 10.43 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 13, 2023, issued by ICheck Co., Ltd. to the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2023). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 SCHEMA DOCUMENT 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

 Filed
previously. 

Management contracts and compensation plans and arrangements 

105 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HEARTCORE ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sumitaka
 Yamamoto 

Sumitaka Yamamoto 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Sumitaka Yamamoto and Qizhi Gao, and each of them, as attorneys-in-fact with full
power of substitution to execute in the name and on behalf of the registrant and each such person, individually and in each capacity
stated below, one or more amendments to the annual report on Form 10-K, which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact
acting deems appropriate and to file any such amendment to the annual report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sumitaka Yamamoto 
 
 Chairman of Board, Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Sumitaka Yamamoto 
 
 (Principal Executive
 Officer) 

/s/
 Qizhi Gao 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Qizhi Gao 

/s/ Kimio
 Hosaka 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Kimio Hosaka 

/s/ Ferdinand
 Groenewald 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ferdinand Groenewald 

/s/ Yoshitomo
 Yamano 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yoshitomo Yamano 

/s/ Yuki
 Tan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yuki Tan 

/s/ Takeshi
 Omoto 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Takeshi Omoto 

/s/ Yuta
 Katai 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yuta Katai 

106 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of 

 HeartCore
Enterprises, Inc. 

Entity
 Name 
 
 Place
 of Organization 

HeartCore
 Co., Ltd. 
 
 Japan 
 
 HeartCore
 Capital Advisors, Inc. 
 
 Japan 
 
 HeartCore
 Financial, Inc. 
 
 USA 
 
 Sigmaways,
 Inc. 
 
 USA 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (No. 333-270503) and Form S-8 (No. 333-270524) of our report dated March 31, 2023 with respect to the audited consolidated
financial statements of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc., which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

/s/
 MaloneBailey, LLP 

www.malonebailey.com 

Tokyo,
 Japan 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Sumitaka Yamamoto, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Sumitaka Yamamoto 

Sumitaka Yamamoto 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Qizhi Gao, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Qizhi Gao 

Qizhi Gao 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of HeartCore Enterprises, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sumitaka Yamamoto, Chief Executive Officer
and President of the Company, and Qizhi Gao, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Sumitaka Yamamoto 

Sumitaka
 Yamamoto 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Qizhi Gao 

Qizhi Gao 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except
to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 htcr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 htcr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 htcr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 htcr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

