<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_836564_0001683168-23-001237.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4420280</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>291658</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>904217</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1117985</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>947735</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1047252</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001237.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302140802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001237
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mosaic ImmunoEngineering Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000836564
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				841070278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22182
		FILM NUMBER:		23697992

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19881 BROOKHURST STREET, C-245
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92646
		BUSINESS PHONE:		657-208-0890

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19881 BROOKHURST STREET, C-245
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92646

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PATRIOT SCIENTIFIC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PATRIOT FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920521

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001237.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 mosaic_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table
of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from 
to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
 organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an
error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections
are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the shares of common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was , calculated based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported by OTCQB
of the OTC Markets. 

As of March 1, 2023, the number of shares of
registrant s common stock outstanding was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

MOSAIC IMMUNOENGINEERING, INC. 

 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 32 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 49 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 53 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 55 

SIGNATURES 
 56 

i 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references
to the Company, the combined company, Mosaic, we, our, or us 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report refer to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and its subsidiaries (formerly known
as Patriot Scientific Corporation). References to PTSC and Private Mosaic refer to Patriot Scientific Corporation
and privately held Mosaic ImmunoEngineering Inc., respectively, prior to the completion of a Reverse Merger in August 2020. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report, including all documents incorporated
by reference herein, includes certain statements constituting forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements
concerning our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates, intentions, operations, future results and prospects,
and we rely on the safe harbor provisions in those laws. We are including this statement for the express purpose of availing
ourselves of the protections of such safe harbors with respect to all such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements
in this report reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. In this report, the words anticipates, 
 believes, expects, intends, future, estimates, may, 
 could, should, would, will, shall, propose, continue, 
 predict, plan and similar expressions are generally intended to identify certain of the forward-looking statements.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking
statement is not a guarantee of future performance. 

These forward-looking statements are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of
various factors, including, but not limited to those items shown under Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II. You should read this report completely
with the understanding that our actual results may differ materially from what we expect. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation
to publicly disclose the result of any revision of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
they are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

1 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Below is a summary of material factors that make
an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address all of the risks and uncertainties
that we face. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider
this section to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties that may substantially impact our business. Additional
discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor summary, as well as other risks and uncertainties that we face,
can be found under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. Moreover, we operate in a competitive and rapidly changing
environment. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict the impact of all of these factors on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. The below summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such
risks and uncertainties. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in Part
I, Item 1A of this Report as part of your evaluation of an investment in our common stock. 

Risks Related to Our Operations 

While
the Company s financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, we do not currently have sufficient working capital
to fund our planned operations for the next twelve months and we may be required to cease our operations altogether if we are unable
to secure sufficient funding. 
 We
expect that we will incur significant losses over the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We
are early in our development efforts and our product candidates are in preclinical development. 
 Our
short operating history may make it difficult to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 
 Business
interruptions resulting from the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak or similar public health crises could cause a disruption of
the development of our product candidates and adversely impact our business. 
 The
Company and its subsidiaries have limited insurance for their operations and are subject to various risks of loss. 
 Drug
development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, including failure to demonstrate safety and efficacy
to the satisfaction of the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. We may incur additional costs or experience
delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the product manufacturing of our product candidates. 
 If
serious adverse events or unacceptable side effects are identified during the development of our product candidates, we may need to abandon
or limit our development of some of our product candidates. 
 Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our or third parties 
cyber security. 
 If
we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our operating results and our ability
to operate our business could be harmed. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional
Capital 

We will need substantial additional funding.
If we are unable to secure sufficient capital in the near term, we may be required to further reduce or eliminate product development
and potentially cease operations 
 
 Raising capital will cause dilution to our stockholders,
restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 

Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our
Product Candidates 

We face substantial competition, which may result
in others discovering, developing or commercializing competing products before or more successfully than we do. 
 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause
us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 

2 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

Future development collaborations may be important
to us. If we are unable to enter into or maintain these collaborations, or if these collaborations are not successful, our business could
be adversely affected. 
 
 We may contract with third parties for the manufacture
of our product candidates for preclinical and clinical studies and may expect to continue to do so for commercialization. This potential
reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or products at an acceptable
cost and quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 
 Data provided by collaborators and other parties
upon which we rely have not been independently verified and could turn out to be inaccurate, misleading, or incomplete. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

If we or Case Western Reserve University CWRU are unable to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for technology and products under the License Agreement or if the scope
of the intellectual property protection obtained by CWRU is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology
and products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and products may be impaired.

If we fail to comply with our obligations in
the License Agreement with CWRU or other agreements under which we may license intellectual property and other rights from third parties
or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our future licensors, we could lose those rights or other rights
that are important to our business. 
 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 
 We may need to license certain intellectual property
from third parties, and such licenses may not be available or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings
alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material
adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 

Risks Related to Our Employee Matters, Managing
Growth and Macroeconomic Conditions 

Our future success depends on our ability to
attract, hire, retain and motivate executives, key employees, and our general workforce. 
 
 We expect to expand our research and development
function, as well as our corporate operations, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt
our operations. 
 
 We may face risks related to securities litigation
that could result in significant legal expenses and settlement or damage awards. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier
of the OTC Markets, which could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 
 
 If we fail to meet the eligibility requirements
of OTCQB, we could be removed from the OTCQB which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities in the secondary market. 
 
 The market for our common stock is subject to
rules relating to low-priced stock Penny Stock which may limit our ability to raise capital. 
 
 Future sales of shares by existing stockholders
could cause the Company s stock price to decline. 
 
 We expect our stock price to be volatile, and
the market price of our common stock may drop unexpectedly. 
 
 We may issue preferred stock, and the terms of
such preferred stock may reduce the value of our common stock. 
 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal
stockholders, if they choose to act together, will have the ability to control all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and amended and restated bylaws provides that state or federal court located within the state of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover
attempt. 

3 

PART I 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references
to the Company, the combined company, Mosaic, we, our, or us 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report refer to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and its subsidiaries (formerly known
as Patriot Scientific Corporation). References to PTSC refer to Patriot Scientific Corporation prior to the completion of
the Reverse Merger (as discussed below) and references to Private Mosaic refer to privately held Mosaic ImmunoEngineering,
Inc. prior to the completion of the Reverse Merger. 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

We are a development-stage biotechnology company
focused on advancing and eventually commercializing our proprietary immunotherapy platform technology. Our lead immunotherapy product
candidate, MIE-101, is based on a naturally occurring plant virus known as Cowpea mosaic virus (or CPMV) which is believed to be non-infectious
in humans and animals. However, because of its virus structure and genetic composition, CPMV elicits a strong immune response when delivered
directly into tumors as shown in our preclinical studies. Data from numerous mouse cancer models and in companion dogs with naturally
occurring tumors show the ability of intratumoral administration of CPMV to result in anti-tumor effects in treated tumors and systemically
at other sites of disease through immune activation. 

A growing body of published peer-reviewed data
further support that the CPMV anti-tumor effects are mediated through several innate immune system pattern recognition receptors PRRs that are conserved across species and have evolved to recognize foreign pathogens such as viruses and other infectious agents. Once the
innate immune system is activated by MIE-101, immune cells capable of killing the tumor are recruited and directed to the tumor resulting
in an anti-cancer immune response which is enhanced because CPMV can activate through multiple PRR pathways resulting in an amplification
of immune activation. The Company believes that the data generated to date support advancing the development of MIE-101 into additional
studies in companion animals as well as human clinical trials. 

Development Programs 

Our lead immuno-oncology candidate, MIE-101, resulted
from years of research by our scientific co-founders that was supported by numerous grants from federal and private funding agencies.
Published preclinical data from our co-founders studies and ongoing research support the potential anti-cancer activity of MIE-101
as a monotherapy. In addition, preclinical data generated further support the potential of MIE-101 to improve anti-tumor effects of standard
cancer treatments including chemotherapy, radiation therapy and checkpoint inhibitors. These studies include data from multiple preclinical
tumor models, veterinary studies in companion animals with naturally occurring cancer, as well as showing the potential to activate human
immune effector cells in vitro. MIE-101 is currently in late-stage preclinical development and our goal is to advance MIE-101 into veterinary
studies and into Phase I clinical trials within 18 to 24 months from the date we are able to raise sufficient funding. 

Technology Overview 

MIE-101 is a nanoparticle-based treatment candidate
derived from CPMV. The product is injected directly into a tumor and can act as an in situ vaccine using markers of the injected
tumor as the target which results in the activation of a robust immune response against the primary tumor and to prime systemic anti-tumor
immunity, while reversing immunosuppressive signals in the tumor microenvironment TME ). Although plant viruses and their
nanoparticle formulations, such as MIE-101, are believed to be non-infectious toward mammals, their repetitive proteinaceous nature renders
them highly visible to the immune system. The structure of MIE-101 includes repetitive, multivalent coat protein assemblies known as pathogen-associated
molecular patterns PAMP that have been shown to activate the innate immune system through PRR binding on innate immune
cells. MIE-101 is recognized by multiple PRR pathways, thus priming the innate immune system with high potency. Activation of innate immune
cells within the TME leads to secretion of key cytokines involved in immunity mediated by T helper cells termed Th1 cells. Activated M1-type
macrophages and N1-type neutrophils, as well as natural killer cells lead to tumor cell killing and subsequent antigen processing leading
to adaptive anti-tumor immunity. Preclinical data show that MIE-101 treatment can lead to long-lasting immune memory, which may provide
protection from recurrence of the disease. MIE-101 has demonstrated anti-tumor efficacy in mouse models of ovarian cancer, breast cancer,
colon cancer, and melanoma. Published data from studies in companion dogs with melanoma, sarcoma, and breast cancer indicate that the
potent anti-tumor efficacy of MIE-101 can be replicated in naturally occurring cancer in canines. 

4 

Business Strategy 

Our strategy is to leverage our considerable industry
experience, understanding of immunotherapies, and development expertise to identify, develop and commercialize product candidates with
significant market potential that can fulfill unmet medical needs in the treatment of cancer. We have assembled a management team along
with both scientific and business advisors, including recognized experts in the field of immunotherapy, with significant industry and
regulatory experience to lead and execute the development and commercialization of MIE-101 as our lead program. 

Our initial plans are to file an investigational
new drug IND application within 18 to 24 months from the date we are able to raise sufficient funding to evaluate the
safety, tolerability, and early activity of for MIE-101 as an IT injection in patients with accessible tumors, such as breast cancer,
melanoma carcinoma, Merkel cell carcinoma, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma HNSCC ), sarcoma and squamous cell carcinoma
with inadequate response to PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors. The IND enabling studies, including the preclinical efficacy data already generated,
as well as the GLP toxicology studies to be conducted, and a summary of the Phase I clinical trial plan, will be among the components
of this key regulatory submission. 

The regulatory pathway required to support an
NDA submission will consist of conducting a full clinical development program which will take several years. We will continue to prioritize
our product development activities after taking into account the financial resources we have available, market dynamics and the potential
for adding value. 

Our Corporate History and Background 

Private Mosaic, a Delaware corporation, was formed
on March 30, 2020. On July 1, 2020, we signed a Material Transfer, Evaluation, and Exclusive Option Agreement License Option Agreement with Case Western Reserve University CWRU ), granting us the exclusive right to license the CPMV platform technology to
treat and prevent cancer and infectious diseases in humans and for veterinary use. On May 4, 2022, we entered into the license agreement
with CWRU License Agreement pursuant to our rights granted under the License Option Agreement (see Note 6 to the accompanying
audited consolidated financial statements). On August 19, 2020, Patriot Scientific Corporation (now known as Mosaic ImmunoEngineering,
Inc.) and Private Mosaic entered into a reverse merger transaction, as further described below. 

Reverse Merger 

On August 19, 2020, Patriot Scientific Corporation,
a corporation organized under Delaware law on March 24, 1992 (now known as Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc.) and Private Mosaic entered
into a stock purchase agreement Stock Purchase Agreement ), whereby one of the wholly owned subsidiaries of Patriot Scientific
Corporation merged with and into Private Mosaic, with Private Mosaic surviving as wholly owned subsidiary of Patriot Scientific Corporation
(the Reverse Merger ). The transaction closed on August 21, 2020 Closing Date in accordance with the terms
of the Stock Purchase Agreement. 

On the Closing Date, Patriot Scientific Corporation
acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock of Private Mosaic, representing 630,000 shares of its Class A common stock Class
A Stock and 70,000 shares of its Class B common stock Class B Stock (collectively referred to as Target
Common Stock ). In exchange for the Target Common Stock, the holders of the Class A Stock received 630,000 shares of the Company s
Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock Series A Preferred and holders of the Class B Stock received 70,000 shares
of the Company s Series B Convertible Voting Preferred Stock Series B Preferred ). Each share of Series A Preferred
converted into 10.194106 shares of common stock as defined in the Series A Certificate of Designation. Each share of Series B Preferred
converts into 11.46837 shares of common stock of the Company, possesses full voting rights, on an as-converted basis, as the common stock
of the Company and contains certain anti-dilution rights, as defined in the Series B Certificate of Designation. On a fully diluted, as
converted basis, the holders of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred, in aggregate, owned 90 of the issued and outstanding common
stock of the Company as of the Closing Date. 

5 

The Reverse Merger was treated by the Company
as a reverse merger in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ).
For accounting purposes, Private Mosaic was considered to have acquired PTSC as the accounting acquirer because: (i) Private Mosaic
stockholders owned 90 of the combined company, on an as-converted basis, immediately following the Closing Date, (ii) Private Mosaic
directors held a majority of board seats in the combined company and (iii) Private Mosaic management held all key positions in the
management of the combined company. Accordingly, Private Mosaic s historical results of operations replaced PTSC s historical
results of operations for all periods prior to the Closing Date of the Reverse Merger and, for all periods following the Closing Date
of the Reverse Merger, the results of operations of the combined company are included in the Company s financial statements. 

Other Key Corporate Events 

On November 30, 2020, we filed amended and restated
articles of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware Amended and Restated Certificate to change
the name of the Company to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. Name Change to align the Company s corporate name with
its new strategic direction, to implement a 1-for-500 reverse stock split Reverse Stock Split ), and to reduce the number
of authorized shares of common stock from 600 million to 100 million. The Reverse Stock Split was effective on December 2, 2020. All share
numbers and preferred stock conversion numbers included herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1-for-500 Reverse Stock
Split. On December 30, 2020, we changed our fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31. 

Our funding has primarily come from the issuance
of convertible notes. On May 7, 2021 and February 18, 2022, we issued unsecured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal
amount of 575,000 and 341,632, respectively (see Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

On July 6, 2022, we entered into a redemption
agreement (the Redemption Agreement with Holocom, Inc. Holocom pursuant to which we requested full redemption
of our 2,100,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock at a redemption price of 0.40 per share, provided Holocom has sufficient capital
to redeem the underlying shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received cash proceeds in the amount of 343,000 upon the
redemption of 857,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (see Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Patents and Proprietary Rights 

Our License Agreement 

On May 4, 2022, we exercised certain of our rights
under the License Option Agreement, particularly those directed to our Immuno-Oncology technology and patents, and entered into a License
Agreement with CWRU. Provided we are in compliance with the underlying terms of the License Agreement, the License Agreement will remain
in effect until the later of (i) twenty (20) years from the date of the License Agreement, (ii) on the expiration date of the last-to-expire
patent under the License Agreement or (iii) at the expiry of all Market Exclusivity Periods for a licensed product. 

Under the License Agreement, the following represents
a summary of the main patent families that we have right to develop: 

Immuno-Oncology: Cancer Immunotherapy
using Virus Particles , with PCT Patent Applications, Publication Nos. WO 2016/073972 and WO 2018/165663, and associated U.S. patents
and applications, including U.S. Patent No. 11,260,121, and foreign patents or applications in Europe, Japan, China, Canada and Australia;
and 
 
 Freeze Drying: Freeze Dried Viral Nanoparticle
Constructs , including U.S. Patent No. 11,390,853. 

As of December 31, 2022, the aforementioned patent
families included three (3) issued U.S. patents, six (6) issued or granted foreign patents and eight (8) additional pending U.S. and foreign
patent applications claiming methods of treating cancer using certain plant viruses, both alone and in combination therapies, and certain
methods of manufacture thereof. The Immuno-Oncology patent family covers the intratumoral administration of CPMV, including MIE-101, to
treat cancer in humans and animals, both as a single-agent therapy and in combination regimens, including with radiotherapy, chemotherapy
and immunotherapy. Our Immuno-Oncology patent family generally expires between November 9, 2035 and December 5, 2035, and our Freeze Drying
patent expires on June 29, 2040. 

6 

Our patent strategy is to in-license and/or file
patent applications on innovations and improvements to cover a significant majority of the major pharmaceutical markets in the world.
Generally, assuming all maintenance fees (annuities) are paid, patents have a term of twenty years from the earliest priority date (other
than a priority date for a provisional application). In some instances, patent terms can be increased or decreased, depending on the laws
and regulations of the country or jurisdiction that issued the patent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the patent position of biotechnology
and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been
the subject of much litigation. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of
the United States. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications
in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in limited cases not at all.
Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or
pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Also, examinations are often
lengthy and can involve numerous challenges to the claims sought. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial
value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect
our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and
products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States, the European Union, and other countries
may diminish the value of the underlying patents under our License Agreement or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability
and CWRU s ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States, the European Union, and other major pharmaceutical
markets with respect to our proprietary technology and products under the License Agreement. We or CWRU will seek to protect our proprietary
position by filing patent applications in the United States and internationally that are related to our novel technologies and product
candidates. We currently heavily rely on CWRU to assist with protecting the underlying patents and patent applications under the License
Agreement. 

In addition, the patent prosecution process is
expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable
cost or in a timely manner. We or CWRU may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent
protection in certain jurisdictions, and under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual property rights may be
unavailable or limited in scope. It is also possible that we or CWRU will fail to identify patentable aspects of our discovery and preclinical
development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control
the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents covering technology under the License Agreement.
Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business.
Any inability by us or CWRU to protect adequately the underlying intellectual property covered by the License Agreement may have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial position. 

Our Trade Secrets 

We also rely upon unpatented trade secrets, and
there is no assurance that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise
gain access to our trade secrets or disclose such technology, or that such rights can be meaningfully protected. We require our employees,
consultants, outside scientific collaborators, and other advisers to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment
or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual
during the course of the individual's relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific
circumstances. In the case of our employees, the agreement provides that all inventions conceived by such employees shall be our exclusive
property. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection or adequate remedies for our trade
secrets in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. 

7 

Third-Party Rights 

Our success also depends in part on our ability
to gain access to third-party patent and proprietary rights and to operate our business without infringing on third-party patent rights.
We may be required to obtain licenses to patents or other proprietary rights from third parties to develop, manufacture and commercialize
our product candidates. Licenses required under third-party patents or proprietary rights may not be available on terms acceptable to
us, if at all. If we do not obtain the required licenses, we could encounter delays in product development while we attempt to redesign
products or methods or we could be unable to develop, manufacture or sell products, if approved, requiring these licenses at all. The
failure to obtain licenses, if needed, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial position. 

Government
Regulation 

Regulatory Compliance 

Our planned research and development activities,
including testing in laboratory animals and in humans, our manufacture of MIE-101, and oversight of suppliers and contract manufacturers
involved in the production of our product candidates, as well as the design, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, handling, labeling, storage,
record-keeping, advertising, promotion and marketing of the product candidates that we are developing, are all subject to stringent regulation,
primarily by the FDA in the United States under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA and its implementing regulations,
and the Public Health Service Act PHS Act and its implementing regulations, and by comparable authorities under similar
laws and regulations in other countries. If for any reason we do not comply with applicable requirements, such noncompliance can result
in various adverse consequences, including one or more delays in approval of, or even the refusal to approve, product licenses or other
applications, the suspension or termination of clinical investigations, the revocation of approvals if granted, as well as fines, criminal
prosecution, recall or seizure of products, injunctions against shipping products and total or partial suspension of production and/or
refusal to allow us to enter into governmental supply contracts. 

Product Development and Approval Process 

In the United States, our product candidates are
regulated as biologic pharmaceuticals, or biologics. The FDA's regulatory authority for the approval of biologics resides in the PHS Act.
However, biologics are also subject to regulation under the FDCA because most biological products also meet the FDCA's definition of drugs. 
Most pharmaceuticals or conventional drugs consist of pure chemical substances and their structures are known. Most biologics,
however, are complex mixtures that are not easily identified or characterized. Biological products differ from conventional drugs in that
they tend to be heat-sensitive and susceptible to microbial contamination, thus requiring sterile manufacturing processes. The process
required by the FDA before biologic product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion of preclinical laboratory tests and
animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA s current Good Laboratory Practices regulations; 
 
 submission to the FDA of an IND which must become
effective before human clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually; 
 
 approval by an independent Institutional Review
Board IRB ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is initiated; 
 
 performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical
trials to establish the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biologic, and its safety and efficacy for each indication; 
 
 preparation of and submission to the FDA of a
Biologics License Application BLA for a new biologic, after completion of all pivotal clinical trials; 
 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee
review, if applicable; 
 
 a determination by the FDA within 60 days of
its receipt of a BLA to file the application for review; 
 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval
inspection of the manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice cGMP regulations; and 
 
 FDA review and approval of a BLA for a new biologic,
prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the product in the United States. 

8 

Preclinical tests assess the potential safety
and efficacy of a product candidate in animal models. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human
subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with current Good Clinical Practices cGCPs ), which
include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. A protocol
for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Additionally, approval
must also be obtained from each clinical trial site s IRB before the trials may be initiated, and the IRB must monitor the study
until completed. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and clinical trial results to public registries. 

The clinical investigation of a pharmaceutical,
including a biologic, is generally divided into three phases. Although the phases are usually conducted sequentially, they may overlap
or be combined. 

Phase I studies are designed to evaluate the
safety, dosage tolerance, metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with
increasing doses, and if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 
 
 Phase II includes controlled clinical trials
conducted to preliminarily or further evaluate the effectiveness of the investigational product for a particular indication(s) in patients
with the disease or condition under study, to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, and to identify possible adverse side effects
and safety risks associated with the product. 
 
 Phase III clinical trials are generally controlled
clinical trials conducted in an expanded patient population generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, and are intended
to further evaluate dosage, clinical effectiveness and safety, to establish the overall benefit-risk relationship of the investigational
product, and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 
 
 Phase IV clinical trials may be required to as
post-marketing studies to find out more about the product s long-term risks, benefits, and optimal use, or to test the drug in different
populations. 

The FDA may place clinical trials on hold at any
point in this process if, among other reasons, it concludes that clinical subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Trials
may also be terminated by IRBs, which must review and approve all research involving human subjects. Side effects or adverse events that
are reported during clinical trials can delay, impede or prevent marketing authorization. 

The results of the preclinical and clinical testing,
along with information regarding the manufacturing of the product and proposed product labeling, are evaluated and, if determined appropriate,
submitted to the FDA through a BLA. The application includes all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical and clinical trials,
including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s
chemistry, manufacturing, controls and proposed labeling, among other things. Once the BLA submission has been accepted for filing,
the FDA s standard goal is to review applications within ten months of the filing date or, if the application relates to a drug
that treats a serious condition and would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness qualifying for Priority Review,
six months from the filing date. The review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or
clarification. 

The FDA offers certain programs, such as Breakthrough
Therapy Designation BTD and Fast Track designation, designed to expedite the development and review of applications for
products intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. For BTD, preliminary clinical evidence of the
product indicates that it may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints,
such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. If BTD or Fast Track designation is obtained, the FDA may
initiate review of sections of a BLA before the application is complete, and the product may be eligible for accelerated approval. However,
receipt of BTD or Fast Track designation for a product candidate does not ensure that a product will be developed or approved on an expedited
basis, and such designation may be rescinded if the product candidate is found to no longer meet the qualifying criteria. 

9 

The FDA reviews the BLA to determine, among other
things, whether the proposed product is safe, pure and potent, which includes determining whether it is effective for its intended use,
and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP, to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength,
quality, potency and purity. The FDA may refer an application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to
whether the application should be approved, and applications for new molecular entities and original BLAs are generally discussed at advisory
committee meetings unless the FDA determines that this type of consultation is not needed under the circumstances. The FDA is not bound
by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it typically follows such recommendations. 

After the FDA evaluates the BLA and conducts inspections
of manufacturing facilities, it may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter CRL ). An approval letter authorizes
commercial marketing of the biologic product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL indicates that the
review cycle of the application is complete and the application is not ready for approval. A CRL may require additional inspections, and/or
other significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. Even if
such additional information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. The FDA
could approve the BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS plan to mitigate risks, which could include medication
guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and
other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling, development of
adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct one or more post-market studies or clinical trials. Such post-market
testing may include Phase IV clinical trials and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness
after commercialization. 

Foreign Regulation 

In addition to regulations in the United States,
we are subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our product candidates
being developed, and products being marketed outside of the United States. We must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory authorities
of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of our products in those countries. The approval process varies
from country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required by the FDA for BLA licensure. The requirements governing
the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. 

Manufacturing 

While our scientific collaborators have manufactured
MIE-101 for preclinical research studies and companion animal studies, we have limited experience in the manufacturing of MIE-101. In
addition, we currently do not possess any internal manufacturing infrastructure or capabilities, especially in the growth and manufacturing
of plant viruses. We plan to rely on internal manufacturing and development capabilities, as capital resources become available and capabilities
are developed, in addition to third-party contract manufacturing and development organizations, or CDMOs, to manufacture our biological
product candidates for clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacture if our product candidates receive marketing approval. We
believe that this hybrid strategy will enable us to control and manage preclinical and early-stage clinical manufacturing while outsourcing
other aspects of manufacturing and later-stage clinical manufacturing that would likely require higher infrastructure cost to build and
operate. As with any supply program, obtaining pre-clinical and clinical materials of sufficient quality and quantity to meet the requirements
of our development programs cannot be guaranteed and we cannot ensure that we will be successful in this endeavor. To date, we have not
manufactured any of our products candidates due to our limited capital resources. 

Sales
and Marketing 

None of our product candidates has been approved
for sale. If and when our product candidates advance closer to marketing approval, we may commercialize them on our own in the United
States and potentially with pharmaceutical or biotechnology partners in other geographies. We currently have no sales, marketing or commercialization
capabilities and have no experience as a company doing such activities. However, we may build the necessary capabilities and infrastructure
over time following the advancement of our product candidates. Clinical data, the size of the opportunity and the size of the commercial
infrastructure required will influence our commercialization plans and decision making. 

10 

Competition 

Competition in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industry is intense and characterized by aggressive research and development and rapidly evolving science, technology, and standards of
medical care throughout the world. Regarding our competitive position in the industry, our lead product, MIE-101, is in preclinical development
in oncology and would face competition with all other immuno-oncology products either in development or already approved. Many of the
companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future, such as biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies
focused on cancer immunotherapies, including but not limited to, Amgen, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMS ),
Genentech, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Merck Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding Ltd and Sanofi S.A., all have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, conducting preclinical studies, conducting
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Paradoxically, many of these companies are
developing systemic immunotherapies which have the potential to be developed in combination with MIE-101 and so we view them both from
a competitive and complementary perspective. Oncology drugs and therapeutics on the market range from traditional cancer therapies, including
chemotherapy, to immune checkpoint inhibitors targeting CTLA-4, such as BMS YERVOY, and PD-1/PD-L1, such as BMS OPDIVO,
Merck Co. s KEYTRUDA and Genentech s TECENTRIQ, to T cell-engager immunotherapies, such as Amgen s BLINCYTO
and to oncolytic immunotherapies, including Amgen s T-Vec, an FDA-approved oncolytic immunotherapy for treating advanced melanoma. 

Additionally, we view as our most direct potential
competitors are companies such as Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Oncology, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co.,
Ltd. (developing DSP-0509, a TLR7 agonist), Ascendis Pharma A/S (developing TransCon TLR 7/8 agonist), Roche Holding Ltd (developing R017119929,
a TLR7 agonist), BioNTech SE (developing BTN411, a TLR7 agonist), which are developing therapies utilizing TLR-agonists in cancer immunotherapy
that may have utility for similar indications that we may be targeting. 

Moreover, mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and
other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and
established companies. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing
and commercialization. These third parties also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel,
establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to,
or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize
products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products
that we may develop. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payers seeking
to encourage the use of biosimilar or generic products. 

Segment
information 

The Company manages its operations as a single
operating segment for the purposes of assessing performance and making operating decisions. The Company's primary focus is on research
and development of immunotherapies with broad potential to treat cancer. 

Corporate
Information 

Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., formerly known
as Patriot Scientific Corporation, is a corporation organized under Delaware law on March 24, 1992. The Company has two wholly owned
subsidiaries: Mosaic ImmunoEngineering Development Company (formerly referred to as Private Mosaic in connection with the Reverse Merger),
a corporation organized under Delaware law on March 30, 2020 (date of inception) and Patriot Data Solutions Group, Inc., an inactive
subsidiary of PTSC. 

11 

Our business address is 1537 South Novato Blvd.,
#5, Novato, California 94947 and our telephone number is (657) 208-0890. Our website address is www.mosaicie.com. The information
contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated in this Report, and should not be relied
upon. 

Human Capital 

At December 31, 2022, we have four full-time employees
and four part-time employees. We also engage consultants and part-time assistance, as needed. Our employees are not represented by a labor
union, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Our employees are not covered by a key-person life insurance policy. 

Available
Information 

Reports we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including annual and
quarterly reports, and other reports we file, are available for inspection and review on the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition,
we also make available, free of charge, through our website at www.mosaicie.com, our reports filed with the SEC or by written request
to the Company at Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., 9114 Adams Avenue, #202, Huntington Beach, California 92646, Attention: Corporate Secretary.
The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated in this Report, and
should not be relied upon. 

Smaller
Reporting Company 

We are currently a smaller reporting company 
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are thus allowed to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings,
are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that an independent registered public accounting
firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and have certain other reduced disclosure
obligations with respect to our SEC filings. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common stock is speculative
and illiquid and involves a high degree of risk including the risk of a loss of your entire investment. You should carefully consider
the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report before investing in our common stock. The risks set forth below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties may
exist that could also adversely affect our business, operations and prospects. If any of the following risks actually materialize, our
business, financial condition, prospects and/or operations could suffer. In such event, the value of our common stock could decline, and
you could lose all or a substantial portion of the money that you pay for our common stock. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references
to the Company, the combined company, Mosaic, we, our, or us 
in this Report refer to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and its subsidiaries (formerly known as Patriot Scientific Corporation). References
to PTSC refer to Patriot Scientific Corporation prior to the completion of the Reverse Merger and references to Private
Mosaic refer to privately held Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. prior to the completion of the Reverse Merger. 

12 

Risks
Related to Our Operations 

While the Company s financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, we do not currently have sufficient working capital to fund our planned operations for the
next twelve months and we may be required to cease our operations altogether if we are unable to secure sufficient funding. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern, as we currently do not have adequate financial resources to fund our forecasted operating costs for at least
twelve months from the filing of this Report. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had incurred operating losses since inception, and
continues to generate losses from operations, and has an accumulated deficit of 6,908,102. As a result, our existing cash resources are
not sufficient to meet our anticipated needs over the next twelve months from the date hereof and we would need to raise additional capital
to continue our operations and to implement our business plan, which capital is unlikely to be available on favorable terms or at all.
These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

If we raise funds from the issuance of equity
securities (which will be challenging in light of current market conditions combined with our early stage of development), substantial
dilution to our existing stockholders would likely result. If we raise additional funds by incurring debt financing (also challenging
in light of current market conditions combined with our early stage of development), the terms of the debt may involve significant cash
payment obligations as well as covenants and specific financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. Further,
any contracts or license arrangements we enter into to raise funds may require us to relinquish our rights to our products or technology,
and we may not be able to enter into any such contracts or license arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. Since the closing date
of the Reverse Merger, our limited cash position has required us to perform only limited development activities and to delay and scale
back our development programs and other activities to remain afloat. If we continue to have insufficient funds, we may be required to
cease our operations altogether. 

Our ability to pursue the research and development
activities and other initiatives discussed in the following risk factors and elsewhere in this Report will require significant funding,
which may not be available to us in light of current market conditions combined with our early stage of development. 

The consolidated financial statements included
in this Report do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

We expect that we will incur significant losses
over the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Private Mosaic was formed on March 30, 2020; therefore,
we have limited operating history. We have not raised any capital other than 575,000 and 341,632 from the issuance of our convertible
notes in May 2021 and February 2022, respectively. Due to our limited cash, our historical results do not reflect the significant costs
required to develop our product candidates. In addition, our products are in preclinical development and therefore, we anticipate that
our expenses will increase substantially over the next several years, if and as we: 

develop product manufacturing processes under
the Food and Drug Administration's FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations cGMP for
each of our product candidates and enter into manufacturing supply agreements to support toxicology studies and our planned Phase I clinical
trials; 
 
 contract preclinical toxicology studies to support
the safety of our product candidates prior to starting any human trial; 
 
 continue preclinical research and translational
studies to enhance our understanding of the mechanism of action of the product candidates; 
 
 enter into collaboration arrangements with regards
to product discovery and product development; 
 
 operate under the licensing agreement with Case
Western Reserve University and acquire rights to other technologies; 
 
 prepare regulatory filings, such as filing IND
applications with the FDA that are required prior to starting any human clinical trial; 
 
 plan, initiate, enroll, and complete clinical
trials; 
 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual
property portfolio; and 
 
 hire additional personnel to support our research,
development, and administrative efforts. 

13 

We expect that it will be several years, if ever,
before we have a product candidate ready for commercialization. If we are unable to advance our product candidates and begin to generate
clinical data, we may have greater difficulty raising capital on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, there are many risks associated
with our financial position and need for additional capital, as further described below under the section titled RISKS RELATED
TO OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL . 

If we are able to raise sufficient capital, we
expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses that we incur
may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. 

To become and remain profitable, we or a potential
partner must develop and eventually commercialize a product or products with significant market potential. This will require us to be
successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing all phases of clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining
marketing approval for these product candidates and manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we obtain marketing
approval. We or a potential partner may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant
or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a
quarterly or annual basis. Our development efforts will take several years and will require significant capital that will dilute the ownership
interest of common stockholders. A decline in the value of the Company could also cause stockholders to lose all or part of their investment. 

We are early in our development efforts and
our product candidates are in preclinical development. 

We currently do not have any products that have
gained regulatory approval. Our ability to generate product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for several years, if ever, will
depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our product candidates. As a result, our business is substantially
dependent on our ability to successfully complete the development of and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. 

We have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully
overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, particularly in the
nanotechnology area. If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing the numerous and complex objectives in developing our product candidates,
we may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize our two product candidates, and our business will suffer. 

Our short operating history may make it difficult
to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 

We are an early development stage biotechnology
company formed on March 30, 2020. Our ongoing operations to date have been limited to organizing the Company, business planning, acquiring
rights to license the technology, identifying potential product candidates, and undertaking preclinical studies in collaboration with
our external researchers under university approved grants. In addition, we have limited human resources to help us achieve our goals.
Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability based on our short operating history to date may not be as accurate
as they could be if we had a longer and more established operating history. In addition, as an early-stage business, we may encounter
unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. 

Business interruptions resulting from the coronavirus
disease (COVID-19) outbreak or similar public health crises could cause a disruption of the development of our product candidates and
adversely impact our business. 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared
the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak a global pandemic. To limit the spread of COVID-19, governments have taken various actions
including the issuance of stay-at-home orders and physical distancing guidelines. Accordingly, businesses have adjusted, reduced or suspended
operating activities. We may experience disruptions as a result of COVID-19 that could severely impact our business and planned clinical
trials, including: 

delays or difficulties in planned clinical site
initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 
 
 delays or difficulties in enrolling patients
in our planned clinical trials and further incurrence of additional costs as a result of preclinical study and clinical trial delays and
adjustments; 

14 

challenges related to ongoing and increased operational
expenses related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
 delays, difficulties or increased costs to comply
with COVID-19 protocols; 
 
 diversion of healthcare resources away from the
conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the
conduct of clinical trials; 
 
 interruption of key clinical trial activities,
such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers
and others; 
 
 limitations in resources that would otherwise
be focused on the conduct of our business or our clinical trials, including because of sickness or the desire to avoid contact with large
groups of people or as a result of government-imposed Stay-at-Home orders or similar working restrictions; 
 
 delays in receiving approval from local regulatory
authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 
 
 delays in preclinical and clinical sites receiving
the supplies and materials needed to conduct our planned clinical trials; 
 
 interruption in global shipping that may affect
the transport of clinical trial materials, such as investigational drug product used in our planned clinical trials; 
 
 changes in regulations as part of a response
to the COVID-19 pandemic which may require us to change the ways in which our planned clinical trials may be conducted, or which may result
in unexpected costs; 
 
 delays in necessary interactions with regulators,
ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government
or contractor personnel; and 
 
 increased competition for contract research organizations CROs ), suppliers and vendors. 

We will continue to assess the impact that COVID-19
may have on our ability to effectively conduct our business operations as planned and there can be no assurance that we will be able to
avoid a material impact on our business from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including disruption to our business and downturns
in business sentiment generally or in our industry. Should COVID-19 cases in USA increase, the country or states may institute stricter
social distancing protocols. 

Additionally, third parties that we may engage,
including our collaborators, contract organizations, third-party manufacturers, suppliers, clinical trial sites, regulators and other
third parties with whom we conduct business are similarly adjusting their operations and assessing their capacity in light of the COVID-19
pandemic. If these third parties experience shutdowns or continued business disruptions, our ability to conduct our business in the manner
and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively impacted. It is likely that the disproportionate impact of COVID-19
on hospitals and clinical sites will have an impact on recruitment and retention for our planned clinical trials. In addition, our future
clinical trial sites could experience delays in collecting, receiving and analyzing data from patients enrolled in our planned clinical
trial due to limited staff at such sites, limitation or suspension of on-site visits by patients, or patients reluctance to visit
the clinical trial sites during the pandemic. As a result, research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses may
vary significantly if there is an increased impact from COVID-19 on the costs and timing associated with the conduct of our panned clinical
trial and other related business activities. 

As we continue to actively advance our clinical
programs and discovery and research programs, we are assessing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on each of our programs, expected timelines
and costs on an ongoing basis. In light of ongoing developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the focus of healthcare providers and
hospitals on fighting the virus, and consistent with the FDA s industry guidance for conducting clinical trials issued in March
2020, as updated subsequently. We and our CROs have also made certain adjustments to the operation of such trials in an effort to ensure
the monitoring and safety of patients and minimize risks to trial integrity during the pandemic in accordance with the guidance issued
by the FDA on June 19, 2020 on good manufacturing practice considerations for responding to COVID-19 infection in employees in biopharmaceutical
products manufacturing and generally and may need to make further adjustments in the future. Other COVID-related guidance recently released
by FDA that apply to us and our third-party manufacturers include guidance addressing cGMP considerations for responding to COVID-19 infections
in employees and statistical considerations for clinical trials during the COVID-19 public health emergency. Many of these adjustments
are new and untested, may not be effective, and may have unforeseen effects on the enrollment, progress and completion of these trials
and the findings from these trials. While we are currently continuing our clinical trial and seeking to add new clinical trial sites,
we may not be successful in adding trial sites, may experience delays in patient enrollment or in the progression of our clinical trial,
may need to suspend our clinical trial, and may encounter other negative impacts to our trials, due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

15 

The global outbreak of COVID-19 continues to rapidly
evolve. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business will depend on future developments such as the rate of the spread
of the disease, travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions
and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease and to address its impact,
including on financial markets or otherwise. Further, a lack of coordinated response on risk mitigation and vaccination deployment with
respect to the COVID-19 pandemic on a local or federal level could result in significant increases to the duration and severity of the
pandemic in the United States as compared to the rest of the world and could have a corresponding negative impact on our business. While
the extent of the impact of the current COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results is uncertain, a continued and prolonged
public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely
affects our business, financial condition and operating results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the risks described
in this Risk Factors section. 

The Company and its subsidiaries have limited
insurance for their operations and are subject to various risks of loss. 

The Company and its subsidiaries carry limited
directors and officers insurance with a high deductible. In addition, we do not carry general business liability insurance
or other insurance applicable to our business. Successful claims against the Company would likely render us insolvent. The Company has
not reserved any amounts in connection with self-insuring against any potential claims against the Company or its subsidiaries. Once we
are able to raise sufficient funding to advance our business, we plan to secure additional insurance coverage to better protect our business.
There can no assurance that we will obtain sufficient insurance coverage to cover all possible risks and potential related losses. 

Drug development involves a lengthy and expensive
process with an uncertain outcome, including failure to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or similar regulatory
authorities outside the United States. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete,
the product manufacturing of our product candidates. 

Given the early stage of development for both
product candidates, the risk of failure for our product candidates is high. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities
for the sale of any product candidate, we must complete formulation development for our products, conduct nonclinical trials, and then
conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. In addition, product manufacturing
and process development along with preclinical and clinical testing are all expensive activities, difficult to design and implement, and
can take several years to complete. The outcome of preclinical and clinical trials is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time
during the development program, including during the clinical trial process. Further, the results of preclinical studies and early clinical
trials of our product candidates, may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Moreover, preclinical and clinical
data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed
satisfactorily in preclinical and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. It is impossible
to predict when or if any of our product candidates will prove effective and safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. 

We may experience delays in our planned clinical
trials, and we do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin or enroll subjects on time, need to be redesigned or be completed
on schedule, if at all. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any other foreign regulatory body will not put any of our product candidates
on clinical hold in the future. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay
or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our product candidates. Planned clinical trials may be delayed,
suspended or prematurely terminated for a variety of reasons, such as: 

delay or failure in reaching agreement with the
FDA, European Medicines Agency EMA ), or a comparable foreign regulatory authority on a trial design that we want to execute; 
 
 delay or failure in obtaining authorization to
commence a trial or inability to comply with conditions imposed by a regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of a clinical
study; 
 
 delays in reaching, or failure to reach, agreement
on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with prospective trial sites; 

16 

inability, delay, or failure in identifying and
maintaining a sufficient number of trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical programs; 
 
 delay or failure in recruiting and enrolling
suitable subjects to participate in a trial; 
 
 delay or failure in having subjects complete
a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 
 clinical sites and investigators deviating from
trial protocol, failing to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial; 
 
 lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical
trial, including the incurrence of unforeseen costs due to enrollment delays, requirements to conduct additional clinical studies and
increased expenses associated with the services of our contract research organizations CROs and other third parties; 
 
 clinical trials of our product candidates may
produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon
product development programs; 
 
 the number of patients required for clinical
trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate,
or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; 
 
 we may experience delays or difficulties in the
enrollment of patients that our product candidates are designed to target based on the inclusion and exclusion criteria; 
 
 our third-party contractors may fail to comply
with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 
 
 we may have difficulty partnering with experienced
Clinical Research Organization and study sites that can identify patients that our product candidates are designed to target and run our
clinical trials effectively; 
 
 regulators or institutional review boards IRBs may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory
requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 
 
 the supply or quality of our product candidates
or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; or 
 
 there may be changes in governmental regulations
or administrative actions. 

If we are required to conduct additional clinical
trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, or if we are unable to successfully complete
clinical trials of our product candidates or other testing, or if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly
positive, or if there are safety concerns, we may: 

be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for
our product candidates, if ever; 
 
 obtain approval for indications or patient populations
that are not as broad as intended or desired; 
 
 obtain approval with labeling that includes significant
use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings that would reduce the potential market for our products or inhibit our ability to
successfully commercialize our product candidates; 
 
 be subject to additional post-marketing restrictions
and/or testing requirements; or 
 
 have the product removed from the market after
obtaining marketing approval. 

Product development costs will also increase if
we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials will
need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant preclinical or clinical trial delays also could shorten
any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or may allow our competitors to bring
products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business
and results of operations. In addition, enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product
candidates, which would cause the value of the Company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing. 

17 

If serious adverse events or unacceptable side
effects are identified during the development of our product candidates, we may need to abandon or limit our development of some of our
product candidates. 

If our product candidates are associated with
undesirable effects in preclinical or clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may need to interrupt, delay or
abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics
are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Currently unknown, drug-related side effects may be
identified in our planned clinical studies and, as such, these possible drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment, the
ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial, or result in potential product liability claims. Reported serious adverse events may
arise and the occurrence, whatever the cause, may impact the conduct of any ongoing or future clinical trial. To date, our product candidates
have not been evaluated in any human clinical studies. Any occurrence of clinically significant adverse events may harm our business,
financial condition and prospects significantly. 

Our business and operations would suffer in
the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our or third parties cyber security. 

Given our limited operating history, we are still
in the process of implementing our internal security measures. Our internal computer systems and those of current and future third parties
on which we rely may fail and are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access. Our information technology and other
planned internal infrastructure systems, including corporate firewalls, servers, connection to the Internet, face the risk of systemic
failure that could disrupt our operations. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in
a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were
to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information,
we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates
or any future product candidates could be hindered or delayed. In addition, due to limited corporate infrastructure, our entire workforce
is currently working remotely. This could increase our cyber security risk, create data accessibility concerns, and make us more susceptible
to communication disruptions. 

We do not presently maintain insurance coverage
to protect against cybersecurity risks. If we procure such coverage in the future, we cannot ensure that it will be sufficient to cover
any loss we may experience as a result of such cyberattacks. Any cyber incident could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

If we fail to establish and maintain proper
and effective internal control over financial reporting, our operating results and our ability to operate our business could be harmed.

Ensuring that we will have adequate internal financial
and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and
time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. 

In addition, we are required to be compliant with
public company internal control requirements mandated under Section 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we are unable to successfully
maintain internal controls over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting, and our stock price, may be adversely
affected. 

18 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

We will need substantial additional funding.
If we are unable to secure sufficient capital in the near term, we may be required to further reduce or eliminate product development
and potentially cease operations. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash
equivalents of 220,645 and current liabilities of 3,917,674. Since the closing date of the Reverse Merger, we have been unable to raise
sufficient capital to advance our lead candidate, MIE-101, from preclinical development into clinical development. Moreover, our existing
cash resources are not sufficient to meet our anticipated needs over the next twelve months from the date hereof. We will need to raise
additional capital to continue our operations and to implement our business plan, which capital is unlikely to be available on favorable
terms or at all. In addition, we expect our expenses to significantly increase if and when we are able to initiate product manufacturing
to support preclinical and clinical testing, perform preclinical studies, including toxicology studies, initiate clinical development,
and eventually, if successful, seek marketing approval for, our product candidates. Since the closing date of the Reverse Merger, our
limited cash position has slowed our product development and other activities to remain afloat. If we are unable to raise additional capital
when needed, we would be forced to further delay our preclinical and clinical development programs and potentially cease our operations
altogether. 

If we are able to raise additional capital, our
funding needs may fluctuate significantly based on several factors, including, but not limited to: 

the scope, progress, results and costs of product
development and manufacture of drug product to support preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; 
 
 the extent to which we enter into additional
collaboration arrangements regarding product discovery or development; 
 
 the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review
of our product candidates; 
 
 our ability to establish additional collaborations
with favorable terms, if at all; 
 
 the costs of future commercialization activities,
including product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 
 the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting
patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 
 
 The costs to in-license our product candidates
from Case Western Reserve University, and others if we acquire or in-license other products or technologies; and 
 
 revenue, if any, received from commercial sales
of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval. 

Identifying potential product candidates and conducting
manufacturing and process development, preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that
takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and achieve product
sales. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be
derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for several years, if at all. Accordingly, we will need
to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. Adequate additional capital is unlikely to be available
on favorable terms or at all. 

Raising capital will cause dilution to our
stockholders, restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial
product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and/or licensing arrangements.
While we do not have any committed external source of funds, if we raise funds from the issuance of equity securities (which will be challenging
in light of current market conditions combined with our early stage of development), substantial dilution to our existing stockholders
would likely result. If we raise additional funds by incurring debt financing (also challenging in light of current market conditions
combined with our early stage of development), the terms of the debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well as covenants
and specific financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. Further, any contracts or license arrangements we
enter into to raise funds may require us to relinquish our rights to our products or technology, and we may not be able to enter into
any such contracts or license arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. 

19 

We cannot be certain that additional funding will
be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, limit,
reduce or terminate product development and potentially cease our operations altogether. 

Because the Reverse Merger resulted in an ownership
change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code for PTSC, PTSC s pre-merger net operating loss carryforwards and certain
other tax attributes may be subject to limitations. 

If a corporation undergoes an ownership
change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code, the corporation s net operating loss carryforwards and certain other
tax attributes arising from before the ownership change are subject to limitations on use after the ownership change. In general, an ownership
change occurs if there is a cumulative change in the corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage
points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. The Reverse Merger resulted in an ownership change
for PTSC and, accordingly, PTSC s net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be subject to limitations
(or disallowance) on their use after the Reverse Merger. Additional ownership changes in the future could result in additional limitations
on the Company s post-merger net operating loss carryforwards. Consequently, even if the Company achieves profitability, it may
not be able to utilize a material portion of PTSC s, or the post-merger Company s net operating loss carryforwards and other
tax attributes, which could have a material adverse effect on cash flow and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to the Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 

We face substantial competition, which may
result in others discovering, developing or commercializing competing products before or more successfully than we do. 

The development and commercialization of new drug
products is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to our current product candidates, and will face competition with respect
to any product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical
companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently
market and sell products or are pursuing the development of products for the treatment of the disease indications for which we are developing
our product candidates. Some of these competitive products and therapies are based on scientific approaches in immuno-oncology that are
similar to our approach, and others are based on entirely different approaches. Potential competitors also include academic institutions,
government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative
arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or
eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects,
are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in
many cases by insurers or other third-party payers seeking to encourage the use of biosimilar or generic products. 

Many of the companies against which we are competing
or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development,
manufacturing, conducting preclinical studies, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products
than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated
among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly
through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining
qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well
as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

20 

Product liability lawsuits against us could
cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 

We will face an inherent risk of product liability
exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially
sell any products that we may develop. If we cannot successfully defend against claims that our product candidates or products caused
injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for any product candidates or
products that we may develop, if approved; 
 
 injury to our reputation and significant negative
media attention; 
 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 
 significant costs to defend the related litigation; 
 
 substantial monetary awards to trial participants
or patients; 
 
 loss of revenue, if approved; 
 
 reduced resources of our management to pursue
our business strategy; and 
 
 the inability to commercialize any products that
we may develop. 

We currently have no product liability insurance
coverage as our product candidates are not ready for clinical testing in patients. When we secure product liability insurance, it may
not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We may need to increase our insurance coverage as we expand our clinical trials
or if we commence commercialization of our product candidates. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain
insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 

Risks
Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

Future development collaborations may be important
to us. If we are unable to enter into or maintain these collaborations, or if these collaborations are not successful, our business could
be adversely affected. 

For any of our product candidates, we may in the
future determine to seek to collaborate with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the development of our product candidates.
We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Our ability to reach a definitive agreement for any collaboration
will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of
the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. If we are unable to reach agreements
with suitable collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate,
reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other potential development programs, delay its potential development schedule
or reduce the scope of research activities, or increase our expenditures and all development activities at our own expense. If we fail
to enter into collaborations and do not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development activities, we may not
be able to further develop our product candidates or continue to develop our product candidates, and our business may be materially and
adversely affected. 

If any future collaboration does not result in
the successful development of products or product candidates, product candidates could be delayed, and we may need additional resources
to develop product candidates. All of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described in
this periodic report also apply to the activities of our collaborators. 

21 

We may contract with third parties for the
manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical and clinical studies and may expect to continue to do so for commercialization.
This potential reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or products
at an acceptable cost and quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 

Due to our limited operations and no existing
manufacturing infrastructure or capabilities, we may utilize third parties to formulate, manufacture, package, and distribute preclinical
and clinical supplies of our product candidates. In addition, these materials are custom-made and available from only a limited number
of sources. Despite drug substance and product risk management, this reliance on third parties presents a risk that we will not have sufficient
quantities of our product candidates or products or such quantities at an acceptable cost or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair
our development or commercialization efforts. Any performance failure on the part of our future manufacturers of drug substance or drug
products could delay clinical development or potential marketing approval. 

We also expect to rely on other third parties
to label, store, and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay
clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates or commercialization of our products, producing additional losses
and depriving us of potential product revenue. 

We may be unable to establish any agreements with
third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we can establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance
on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 

reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance
and quality assurance; 
 
 the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement
by the third party; 
 
 the possible misappropriation of our proprietary
information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 
 
 the possible termination or nonrenewal of the
agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

The third parties we may rely on for manufacturing
and packaging are also subject to regulatory review, and any regulatory compliance problems with these third parties could significantly
delay or disrupt our clinical or commercialization activities. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations
or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply
with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties,
delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or products, operating restrictions
and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products. Additionally, macro-economic
conditions may adversely affect these third parties, causing them to suffer liquidity or operational problems. If a key third-party vendor
becomes insolvent or is forced to lay off workers assisting with our projects, our results and development timing could suffer. 

In addition, our product candidate, and any products
that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited
number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations that may be capable of manufacturing for us. Our anticipated future dependence
upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates or products may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to
commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 

Data provided by collaborators and other parties
upon which we rely have not been independently verified and could turn out to be inaccurate, misleading, or incomplete. 

We rely and intend to rely on third-party vendors,
scientists, and collaborators to provide us with significant data and other information related to our projects, clinical trials, and
business. We do not independently verify or audit all of such data (including possibly material portions thereof). As a result, such data
may be inaccurate, misleading, or incomplete. 

22 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual
Property 

If we or CWRU are unable to obtain and maintain
intellectual property protection for technology and products under the License Agreement or if the scope of the intellectual property
protection obtained by CWRU is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar
or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and products may be impaired. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability
and CWRU s ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States, the European Union, and other countries with respect
to our proprietary technology and products. We or CWRU have and will seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications
in the United States and internationally that are related to our novel technologies and product candidates. We currently heavily rely
on CWRU to assist with protecting the underlying patents and patent applications under the License Agreement. 

The patent prosecution process is expensive and
time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in
a timely manner. We or CWRU may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection
in certain jurisdictions, and under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual property rights may be unavailable
or limited in scope. It is also possible that we or CWRU will fail to identify patentable aspects of our discovery and preclinical development
output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation,
filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from third parties. Therefore,
these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. 

The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical
companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much
litigation. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.
Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United
States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in limited cases not at all. Therefore, we
cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent
applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Also, an examination is often lengthy and can
involve numerous challenges to the claims sought. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our
patent rights are highly uncertain. Pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology
or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes
in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States, the European Union, and other countries may diminish
the value of the underlying patents under our License Agreement or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 

Any inability by us or CWRU to adequately protect
the underlying intellectual property covered by the License Agreement may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial position. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations in
the License Agreement with CWRU or other agreements under which we may license intellectual property and other rights from third parties
or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our future licensors, we could lose the option to license those
rights or other rights that are important to our business. 

On July 1, 2020, we signed a License Option Agreement
with CWRU, granting us the exclusive right to license technology and patent portfolios concerning certain immunostimulatory nanotechnology-based
therapeutics and formulations to treat cancer and diseases in humans and for veterinary use. On May 4, 2022, we exercised our right to
license the technology from CWRU and entered into a License Agreement. If we fail to comply with our obligations under the License Agreement,
or any other future agreement, including the payment of all amounts due under the License Agreement, we may lose the rights to developed
and potentially commercialize our technology, and CWRU may have the right to terminate the License Agreement or restrict our rights, in
which event we would not be able to develop or market products covered by the License Agreement, which are the products upon which our
business depends. Additionally, all milestones and other payments associated with this License Agreement will make it less profitable
for us to develop our drug candidates than if we had developed the licensed technology internally. 

23 

Also, patent prosecution under the License Agreement
is controlled by CWRU. If CWRU fails to obtain and maintain patent or other protection for the proprietary intellectual property we plan
to license from them, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or our exclusivity with respect to those rights, and our competitors
could market competing products using the intellectual property. If disputes over intellectual property and other rights that we have
licensed or plan to license prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be
unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 

Because competition in our industry is intense,
competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our rights to patents of our licensors or other intellectual property. To counter infringement
or unauthorized use, we or CWRU may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Any claims we
assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents.
In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or CWRU is invalid or unenforceable, in whole
or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly, or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds
that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our
patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle patent
infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreement may require us to pay royalties and other
fees that could be significant. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property
litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. 

We may need to license certain intellectual
property from third parties, and such licenses may not be available or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 

A third party may hold intellectual property,
including patent rights that are important or necessary to the development of our products. It may be necessary for us to use the patented
or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case, we would be required to obtain a license from
these third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or our business could be harmed, possibly materially. If we were not able to obtain
a license, or we are not able to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be harmed, possibly materially. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings
alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material
adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Our commercial success depends upon our ability,
and the ability of our licensors and collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary
technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation
regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our products and technology, including proceedings challenging validity before
the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO and/or European Patent Office EPO ). Third parties may
assert infringement claims against us or CWRU based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. 

If we are found to infringe a third party s
intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our
products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if
we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to
us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing any infringing technology or product. In addition, we could
be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a
patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business
operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets
of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 

24 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 

In addition to seeking patents for some of our
technology and product candidates, we also plan to rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary
information, to maintain our competitive position. Any NDAs or similar agreements entered into by the Company may not be with all relevant
parties, or adequately protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets. Moreover, to the extent we enter into such agreements, any of
these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able
to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is
difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States
are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed
by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from sharing such trade secrets or from using that technology or information to
compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position
would be harmed. 

Risks
Related to Our Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Macroeconomic Conditions 

Our future success depends on our ability to
attract, hire, retain and motivate executives, key employees, and our general workforce. 

We are highly dependent on the product development,
clinical and business development expertise of the principal members of our management, scientific and clinical teams. Although we have
entered into offer letters with our executives and employees, each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not
maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or other employees. 

In addition, our business plan relies significantly
on the continued services of our President and Chief Executive Officer, Steven King. If we were to lose his services, including through
death or disability, our ability to continue to execute our business plan would be materially impaired. The Company has not entered into
an employment agreement with Mr. King, or any other officer of the Company. 

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific,
clinical, regulatory, and manufacturing personnel is critical to our success. Due to the small size of the Company and the limited number
of employees, each of our executives and key employees serves a critical role. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other
key employees could impede the achievement of our development objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our
business strategy. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time
because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop,
gain regulatory approval of, and commercialize products. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to
hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies for similar personnel. We also may experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities
and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us
in product manufacturing, preclinical development, clinical development, regulatory strategy, and commercial strategy. Our consultants
and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities
that may limit their availability to provide services to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel,
our ability to pursue our development strategy will be limited. 

We expect to expand our research and development
function, as well as our corporate operations, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt
our operations. 

We expect to experience significant growth in
the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of product manufacturing, preclinical research,
clinical development, and regulatory affairs, as capital resources become available. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must
also implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, identify new facilities and continue to recruit and train
additional qualified personnel. Due to our limited financial resources, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our
operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may
divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans
or disrupt our operations. 

25 

We may face risks related to securities litigation
that could result in significant legal expenses and settlement or damage awards. 

We may in the future become subject to claims
and litigation alleging violations of the securities laws or other related claims, which could harm our business and require us to incur
significant costs. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our current and former directors and officers
who are named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. Regardless of the outcome, litigation may require significant attention from management
and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier
of the OTC Markets, which could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of
the OTC Markets. The quotation of our shares on such marketplace may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential
stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse
impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. 

There can be no assurance that there will be an
active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future or that stockholders will be able to liquidate their investment
or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. As a result, our stockholders may not find purchasers for our securities
should they desire to sell them. 

If we fail to meet the eligibility requirements
of OTCQB, we could be removed from the OTCQB which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities in the secondary market. 

The companies whose securities are quoted on the
OTCQB Venture Market must maintain certain eligibility criteria, including having a minimum bid price for of 0.01, having at least 50
beneficial shareholders owning at least 100 shares of common stock, a public float of at least 10 of total issued and outstanding shares
of common stock, as defined by OTC Markets, current in the payment of annual fees and certifications, among other requirements as defined
by the OTC Markets, to continue to be quoted on the OTCQB. There is no guarantee that we will continue to meet OTCQB criteria to continue
to have our common stock be quoted thereon. As a result, failure to be quoted on the OTCQB would cause the Company s common stock
to be quoted on the OTC Pink Open Market, which may severely adversely affect the market liquidity for our shares by limiting the ability
of broker-dealers to sell such shares, and the ability of stockholders to sell their shares in the secondary market. In addition, if we
are no longer quoted on the OTCQB, there can be no assurance that will meet the eligibility criteria and requalify for quotation on the
OTCQB. 

Although our stock is quoted on the OTCQB,
we could subsequently be removed from the OTCQB if we fail to remain current with our financial reporting requirements. 

Companies trading on the OTCQB must be reporting
issuers under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and must be current in their reports under Section 13 in order to maintain price quotation
privileges on the OTCQB. If we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we will be removed from the OTCQB. As a result, the
market liquidity of our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities
and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

26 

The market for our common stock is subject
to rules relating to low-priced stock Penny Stock which may limit our ability to raise capital. 

Our common stock is currently subject to the penny
stock rules adopted pursuant to Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. In general, the penny stock rules apply to non-Nasdaq or non-national
stock exchange companies whose common stock trades at less than 5.00 per share or which have tangible net worth of less than 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). Such rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade
 penny stock on behalf of persons other than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability
inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure
document, quote information, broker s commission information and rights and remedies available to investors in penny stocks. Many
brokers have decided not to trade penny stock because of the requirements of the penny stock rules, and as a result, the
number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. The penny stock rules, therefore,
may have an adverse impact on the market for our common stock and may affect our ability to raise additional capital. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common stock. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or
FINRA, has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for
believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high
probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are
applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers
buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect
on the market for and price of our common stock. 

Future sales of shares by existing stockholders
could cause the Company s stock price to decline. 

If existing stockholders of the Company sell,
or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of the Company s common stock in the public market, the trading price of the
common stock could decline significantly. After the Reverse Merger, shareholders of Private Mosaic currently own a majority of the fully
diluted shares of common stock outstanding, on an as-converted basis. In addition, our shareholders are not restricted in the price at
which they can sell their shares. Shares sold at a price below the current market price at which our common stock is trading may cause
the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We expect our stock price to be volatile, and
the market price of our common stock may drop unexpectedly. 

The market price of our common stock could be
subject to significant fluctuations. For instance, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the low and high trading prices of our common
stock ranged from 0.50 to 3.00 per share. Market prices for securities of early-stage pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, and other life
sciences companies have historically been particularly volatile. 

Some of the factors that may cause the market
price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 

results from preclinical testing and clinical
trial results, and our ability to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates, and delays or failures to obtain such approvals; 
 
 issues in manufacturing our product candidates; 
 
 the entry into, or termination of, key agreements,
including our License Agreement with CWRU and any future license agreement; 
 
 the initiation of, material developments in,
or conclusion of litigation to enforce or defend any of the underlying intellectual property rights under the License Agreement or defend
against the intellectual property rights of others; 

27 

announcements by competitors of new commercial
products, clinical progress or the lack thereof, significant contracts, or commercial relationships; 
 
 the introduction of technological innovations
or new therapies that compete with our potential products; 
 
 the loss of key employees; 
 
 general and industry-specific economic conditions
that may affect our research and development expenditures; 
 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment
systems; and 
 
 issuance of new shares of common stock from raising
additional capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all; and 
 
 period-to-period fluctuations in our financial
results. 

Moreover, the stock markets in general have experienced
substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad market fluctuations
may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

In the past, following periods of volatility in
the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those
companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which
could significantly harm our financial position. 

Our share price could decline as a result of
short sales. 

When an investor sells stock that he does not
own, it is known as a short sale. The seller, anticipating that the price of the stock will go down, intends to buy stock to cover his/her
sale at a later date. If the price of the stock goes down, the seller will profit to the extent of the difference between the price at
which he originally sold it less his later purchase price. Short sales enable the seller to profit in a down market. Short sales could
place significant downward pressure on the price of our common stock. Penny stocks which do not trade on an exchange, such as our common
stock, are particularly susceptible to short sales. 

We may issue preferred stock, and the terms
of such preferred stock may reduce the value of our common stock. 

We are authorized to issue up to a total of 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock in one or more series, of which, 4,300,000 have been undesignated as of December 31, 2022. Our Board of Directors
may determine whether to issue shares of preferred stock without further action by holders of our common stock. If we issue shares of
preferred stock, it could affect the rights or reduce the value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future
holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with or sell our assets to a third party. These terms may include
voting rights, preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion and redemption rights, and sinking fund provisions. As we seek
capital for our business, such capital may be raised through the issuance of preferred stock. 

Our executive officers, directors and principal
stockholders, if they choose to act together, will have the ability to control all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 

Shareholders of Private Mosaic beneficially own
shares representing a majority of our capital stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022, on an as-converted basis. As a result, if these
stockholders were to choose to act together, they would be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, as
well as our management and affairs. For example, these persons, if they choose to act together, would control the election of directors
and approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership control may: 

delay, defer or prevent a change in control; 
 
 entrench our management and the board of directors;
or 
 
 impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other
business combination involving the Company that other stockholders may desire. 

28 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and amended and restated bylaws provides that state or federal court located within the state of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Section XIV of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder
(including a beneficial owner) to bring (A) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (B) any action asserting
a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s
stockholders, (C) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees or agents arising pursuant
to any provision of the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Corporation s bylaws, or (D) any action
asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees or agents governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except
as to each of (A) through (D) above, for any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not
subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the
Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other
than the Court of Chancery, or over which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed
to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XIV. 

The exclusive forum provision in our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will not relieve us of our duty to comply with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules
and regulations. This exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing
for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us or our directors, officers
or other employees. In addition, shareholders who do bring a claim in the state or federal court in the State of Delaware could face additional
litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. The state or federal court of the
State of Delaware may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a shareholder would otherwise
choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our shareholders. However, the enforceability
of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation have been challenged in legal proceedings,
and it is possible that a court could find this type of provision to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of
the specified types of actions or proceedings. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions. 

Anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover
attempt. 

The Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control
or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. 

These provisions include: 

providing that our directors may be removed only
for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the voting power of our then outstanding shares of common stock entitled
to vote generally for the election of directors; 
 
 providing that any action required or permitted
to be taken by the stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by
any consent in writing in lieu of a meeting of such stockholders, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock
with respect to such series, if any; 
 
 providing that special meetings of our stockholders
may only be called by the board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors; 

29 

providing that our board of directors can be
divided into three classes of directors, with each class as nearly equal in number as possible, serving staggered three year terms, other
than directors which may be elected by holders of preferred stock, if any. This system of electing and removing directors may tend to
discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, because it could have the effect
of increasing the length of time necessary to change the composition of a majority of the board of directors. In general, at least two
annual meetings of stockholders will be necessary for stockholders to effect a change in a majority of the members of the board of directors; 
 
 providing that all board vacancies, including
newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then
in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director and shall not be filled by the stockholders; 

providing that our amended and restated bylaws
may only be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of our then outstanding common stock; 
 
 providing the ability of our board of directors
to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences
and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; and 
 
 limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification
to, our directors and officers. 

These provisions, alone or together, could delay
hostile takeovers and changes in control of the Company or changes in our board of directors and management. 

Any provision of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could
limit the opportunity for our security holders to receive a premium for their securities and could also affect the price that some investors
are willing to pay for our securities. 

We do not expect to pay any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

We expect to retain our future earnings, if any,
to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source
of gain, if any, for any stockholders for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

The Company has no properties at December 31,
2022, and at the period covered by this Report, has no agreements to acquire any properties. The Company currently uses the offices of
management at no cost to the Company. The Company expects this arrangement to continue until the Company can raise sufficient capital
to advance its research and development product pipeline. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Information pertaining to legal proceedings is
provided in Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and is incorporated
by reference herein. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently traded on the OTCQB
tier of the OTC Markets under the trading symbol CPMV . There has been a very limited market for our common stock and our
trading volume has been negligible. There is no guarantee that an active trading market will develop in our common stock. These quotations
as reported by the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, markdown or commissions and may not necessarily represent
actual transactions. The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations for each of the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

Bid Quotations 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Quarter Ended March 31, 2022 
 3.00 
 0.50 
 
 Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 
 2.05 
 0.66 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2022 
 2.00 
 0.88 
 
 Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 
 1.70 
 0.52 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Quarter Ended March 31, 2021 
 5.00 
 2.80 
 
 Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 
 4.00 
 1.12 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 
 2.54 
 0.50 
 
 Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 
 1.70 
 0.10 

Holders 

On March 1, 2023, the closing price of our stock
was 1.06 per share and we had 693 stockholders of record. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held by nominees
in street name. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent of our common stock is Issuer
Direct Corporation, having an office at One Glenwood Avenue, Suite 1001, Raleigh, NC 27603; their phone number is (801) 272-9294. 

Dividend Policy 

We paid no dividends during the periods ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We expect to retain any potential
future earnings, if any, to fund our research and development efforts. 

31 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table summarizes our compensation
plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 

(a) 
 Number of Securities to be Issued
 Upon the Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

(b) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding
 Options, Warrants and Rights /share) 

(c) 
 Number of Shares Remaining Available for Future
 Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

541,957 (1) 

(2) 

1,105,965 (3) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

Total 

541,957 (1) 

(2) 

1,105,965 (3) 

______________________ 

(1) 
 Represents restricted stock units RSUs granted under our stockholder approved equity compensation plan referred to as the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 2020 Plan ). 

(2) 
 Weighted-average exercise price is not shown as there is no exercise price for RSUs. 

(3) 
 On the first anniversary date from the adoption date of the 2020 Plan (or on October 21, 2022), the total number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan increased to 20 of the fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding, including shares of common stock reserved for issuance under convertible securities, such as the shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible preferred stock, as calculated on an as-converted basis. On October 21, 2021, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan increased to 1,661,966, of which, 1,105,965 are available for future issuance. 

Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As a smaller reporting company as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, selected financial data is not required to be disclosed. 

32 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references
to the Company, the combined company, Mosaic, we, our, or us 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report refer to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and its subsidiaries (formerly known
as Patriot Scientific Corporation). References to PTSC refer to Patriot Scientific Corporation prior to the completion of
the Reverse Merger (as discussed below) and references to Private Mosaic refer to privately held Mosaic ImmunoEngineering,
Inc. prior to the completion of the Reverse Merger. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto
appearing elsewhere in this Report. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Report, including all documents incorporated
by reference herein, includes certain statements constituting forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements
concerning our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates, intentions, operations, future results and prospects,
and we rely on the safe harbor provisions in those laws. We are including this statement for the express purpose of availing
ourselves of the protections of such safe harbors with respect to all such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements
in this Report reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. In this report, the words anticipates, 
 believes, expects, intends, future, estimates, may, 
 could, should, would, will, shall, propose, continue, 
 predict, plan and similar expressions are generally intended to identify certain of the forward-looking statements.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking
statement is not a guarantee of future performance. Please see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors
applicable to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results
that may occur for any future period. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

Overview 

We are a development-stage biotechnology company
focused on advancing and eventually commercializing our proprietary immunotherapy platform technology. Our lead immunotherapy product
candidate, MIE-101, is based on a naturally occurring plant virus known as Cowpea mosaic virus (or CPMV) which is believed to be non-infectious
in humans and animals. However, because of its virus structure and genetic composition, CPMV elicits a strong immune response when delivered
directly into tumors as shown in our preclinical studies. Data from numerous mouse cancer models and in companion dogs with naturally
occurring tumors show the ability of intratumoral administration of CPMV to result in anti-tumor effects in treated tumors and systemically
at other sites of disease through immune activation. 

Our lead immuno-oncology candidate, MIE-101, resulted
from years of research by our scientific co-founders that was supported by numerous grants from federal and private funding agencies.
Published preclinical data from our co-founders studies and ongoing research support the potential anti-cancer activity of MIE-101
as a monotherapy. In addition, preclinical data generated further support the potential of MIE-101 to improve anti-tumor effects of standard
cancer treatments including chemotherapy, radiation therapy and checkpoint inhibitors. These studies include data from multiple preclinical
tumor models, veterinary studies in companion animals with naturally occurring cancer, as well as showing the potential to activate human
immune effector cells in vitro. MIE-101 is currently in late-stage preclinical development and our goal is to advance MIE-101 into veterinary
studies and into Phase I clinical trials within 18 to 24 months from the date we are able to raise sufficient funding. 

33 

Summary
of Significant Events 

Private Mosaic, a Delaware corporation, was formed
on March 30, 2020. On July 1, 2020, we signed a Material Transfer, Evaluation, and Exclusive Option Agreement License Option Agreement with Case Western Reserve University CWRU ), granting us the exclusive right to license the CPMV platform technology to
treat and prevent cancer and infectious diseases in humans and for veterinary use. On May 4, 2022, we entered into the license agreement
with CWRU License Agreement pursuant to our rights granted under the License Option Agreement (see Note 6 to the accompanying
audited consolidated financial statements). On August 19, 2020, Patriot Scientific Corporation (now known as Mosaic ImmunoEngineering,
Inc.) and Private Mosaic entered into a reverse merger transaction, as further described below. 

Reverse Merger 

On August 19, 2020, Patriot Scientific Corporation,
a corporation organized under Delaware law on March 24, 1992 (now known as Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc.) and Private Mosaic entered
into a stock purchase agreement Stock Purchase Agreement ), whereby one of the wholly owned subsidiaries of Patriot Scientific
Corporation merged with and into Private Mosaic, with Private Mosaic surviving as wholly owned subsidiary of Patriot Scientific Corporation
(the Reverse Merger ). The transaction closed on August 21, 2020 Closing Date in accordance with the terms
of the Stock Purchase Agreement. 

On the Closing Date, Patriot Scientific Corporation
acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock of Private Mosaic, representing 630,000 shares of its Class A common stock Class
A Stock and 70,000 shares of its Class B common stock Class B Stock (collectively referred to as Target
Common Stock ). In exchange for the Target Common Stock, the holders of the Class A Stock received 630,000 shares of the Company s
Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock Series A Preferred and holders of the Class B Stock received 70,000 shares
of the Company s Series B Convertible Voting Preferred Stock Series B Preferred ). Each share of Series A Preferred
converted into 10.194106 shares of common stock as defined in the Series A Certificate of Designation. Each share of Series B Preferred
converts into 11.46837 shares of common stock of the Company, possesses full voting rights, on an as-converted basis, as the common stock
of the Company and contains certain anti-dilution rights, as defined in the Series B Certificate of Designation. On a fully diluted as
converted basis, the holders of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred, in aggregate, owned 90 of the issued and outstanding common
stock of the Company as of the Closing Date. 

The Reverse Merger was treated by the Company
as a reverse merger in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ).
For accounting purposes, Private Mosaic was considered to have acquired PTSC as the accounting acquirer because: (i) Private Mosaic stockholders
owned 90 of the combined company, on an as-converted basis, immediately following the Closing Date, (ii) Private Mosaic directors held
a majority of board seats in the combined company and (iii) Private Mosaic management held all key positions in the management of the
combined company. Accordingly, Private Mosaic s historical results of operations replaced PTSC s historical results of operations
for all periods prior to the Closing Date of the Reverse Merger and, for all periods following the Closing Date of the Reverse Merger,
the results of operations of the combined company are included in the Company s financial statements. 

Other Key Corporate Events 

On November 30, 2020, we filed amended and restated
articles of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware Amended and Restated Certificate to change
the name of the Company to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. Name Change to align the Company s corporate name with
its new strategic direction, to implement a 1-for-500 reverse stock split Reverse Stock Split ), and to reduce the number
of authorized shares of common stock from 600 million to 100 million. The Reverse Stock Split was effective on December 2, 2020. All share
numbers and preferred stock conversion numbers included herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1-for-500 Reverse Stock
Split. On December 30, 2020, we changed our fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31. 

34 

Our funding has primarily come from the issuance
of convertible notes. On May 7, 2021 and February 18, 2022, we issued unsecured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal
amount of 575,000 and 341,632, respectively (see Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

On July 6, 2022, we entered into a redemption
agreement (the Redemption Agreement with Holocom, Inc. Holocom pursuant to which we requested full redemption
of our 2,100,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock at a redemption price of 0.40 per share, provided Holocom has sufficient capital
to redeem the underlying shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received cash proceeds in the amount of 343,000 upon the
redemption of 857,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (see Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require us to make estimates
and judgments that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could affect the results of
operations reported in future periods. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our most significant estimates and
judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

1. Investment in Affiliated Company 

In February 2007, we invested an aggregate of
 370,000 in Holocom, Inc. Holocom ), a California corporation that manufactures products that protect information transmitted
over secure networks, in exchange for 2,100,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ),
which represented an approximate 46 ownership interest in Holocom, on an as-converted basis. Pursuant to the articles of incorporation
of Holocom, the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at our option into shares of common stock of Holocom on a one-to-one basis or
is redeemable at any time after May 31, 2007 at a redemption price equal to 0.40 per share or 840,000 in aggregate, provided Holocom
has sufficient funding to redeem our shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

On July 6, 2022, we entered into a redemption
agreement (the Redemption Agreement with Holocom, pursuant to which we requested full redemption of our Series A Preferred
Stock. Pursuant to the Redemption Agreement, we received cash proceeds in the amount of 336,000 upon the redemption of 840,000 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, which amount is included in other income in the accompanying audited consolidated statements of operations
(see Note 4 to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements). The remaining shares of Series A Preferred Stock are expected
to be redeemed over a period of thirty (30) months beginning August 1, 2022 based on the following redemption schedule: 

Period 

Shares of Series A 
 Preferred Stock to be 
 Redeemed each Month 

Monthly Redemption 
 Proceeds to the Company 
 
 Months 1-12 
 
 35,000 
 
 14,000 
 
 Months 13-24 
 
 43,750 
 
 17,500 
 
 Months 25-30 
 
 52,500 
 
 21,000 

We will recognize the initial and monthly redemption
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock using a cash basis of accounting rather than an accrual method as we are unable to assert that collection
of amounts due under the Redemption Agreement is probable, regardless of the terms of the Redemption Agreement. As a result, the remaining
redemption amount receivable has been fully reserved and other income will be recognized once payments are received. We will remove the
cash basis of accounting designation at such time we believe collection from Holocom is probable based upon sufficient liquidity or a
demonstrated payment history. 

35 

As of December 31, 2022, of the 175,000 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed under the aforementioned redemption schedule covering the periods of August 2022 and December
2022, Holocom has redeemed 17,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for 7,000. Any amounts not paid within fifteen (15)
days of its respective due date shall accrue interest at a rate of 8 per annum until fully paid and retroactively adjusted to 12 per
annum from its original due date for amounts not paid within 90 days of its original due date. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holocom also agreed
to expedite the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock in the event that Holocom has excess cash on hand, which amount shall be calculated
at each calendar month end period date Month End Date ), equal to an amount of (i) total cash on hand of Holocom and Scripps
Ventures, Inc. (a related party entity of Holocom) (ii) less 200,000 Excess Capital ). Holocom agreed to redeem a number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the amount of Excess Capital divided by 0.40 per share no later than ten (10) business
days following the Month End Date. There were no additional redemptions of Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31,
2022. During January 2023, 52,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were redeemed under the Redemption Agreement in exchange for 21,000. 

2. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Anti-Dilution Issuance Rights Derivative Liability 

Pursuant to the Series B Preferred Certificate
of Designation, the Series B Preferred includes certain anti-dilution issuance rights, whereby the holder will continue to maintain equity
ownership equal to 10 of the fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding, calculated on an as converted basis, including all other
convertible securities outstanding and reserved for issuance (and excluding stock options issued and outstanding and reserved for issuance
under a Board approved employee stock option plan reserving for issuance no more than ten percent (10 of the outstanding common stock
of the Company) until we raise the Capital Threshold under the License Agreement (see Note 6 to the accompanying audited consolidated
financial statements). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Capital Threshold was approximately 283,000 and 626,000, respectively. 

To determine the estimated fair value of the anti-dilution
issuance rights liability, the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation methodology, which models the future movement of stock prices based
on several key variables. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of the anti-dilution issuance rights was 46,700 and
 104,300, respectively. We initially recorded the fair value as a derivative liability with a corresponding charge to research and development
expense and we will mark-to-market at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in other income (expense) in the consolidated
statement of operations at each period-end while this derivative instrument is outstanding. 

The primary inputs used in valuing the anti-dilution
issuance rights liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair value of common stock (per share) 
 0.99 
 1.02 
 
 Estimated additional shares of common stock 
 71,511 
 134,229 
 
 Expected volatility 
 130 
 105 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 0.25 
 0.25 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 4.42 
 0.06 

The fair value of the common stock was determined
by management with the assistance of an independent third-party specialist. The computation of expected volatility was estimated using
available information about the historical volatility of stocks of similar publicly traded companies for a period matching the expected
term assumption. In addition, the Company incorporated the estimated number of shares, timing, and probability of future equity financings
in the calculation of the anti-dilution issuance rights liability. 

36 

3. Convertible Notes 

The Company follows ASC 480-10, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity in its evaluation of the accounting for share-settled debt (Convertible Notes). ASC 480-10-25-14 requires
liability accounting for certain financial instruments, including shares that embody an unconditional obligation to transfer a variable
number of shares, provided that the monetary value of the obligation is based solely or predominantly on one of the following three characteristics: 

a) 
 A fixed monetary amount known at inception; 

b) 
 Variations in something other than the fair value of the issuer s equity shares; or 

c) 
 Variations in the fair value of the issuer s equity shares, but the monetary value to the counterparty moves in the opposite direction as the value of the issuer s shares. 

Moreover, equity classification was not an appropriate
classification for the convertible notes because the underlying terms of the convertible notes do not expose the investors to risks and
rewards similar to those of an owner and, therefore, do not create a shareholder relationship. Pursuant to ASC 835-30, the convertible
notes were initially recorded at their amortized cost and are being accreted to their redemption value over the estimated conversion period
using the effective interest method. 

4. Income Taxes 

We follow authoritative guidance in accounting
for uncertainties in income taxes. This authoritative guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement requirement for the
financial statement recognition of a tax position that has been taken or is expected to be taken on a tax return and also provides guidance
on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Under this guidance,
we may only recognize tax positions that meet a more likely than not threshold. 

We follow authoritative guidance to evaluate whether
a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using
a more likely than not standard. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively
verified. We assess our deferred tax assets annually under more likely than not scenarios in which they may be realized through future
income. 

In addition, utilization of our net operating
loss carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation due to ownership change limitations that may have occurred as a result of the
Reverse Merger that closed in August 2020, or that could occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the Code ). These ownership changes may limit the amount of the net operating loss carry forwards that
can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change as defined
by Section 382 of the Code results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change
of more than 50 percentage points of the outstanding stock of a Company by certain stockholders. Moreover, since we will need to raise
substantial additional funding to finance our operations, we may undergo further ownership changes in the future, which could further
limit our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards. As a result, if we generate taxable income, our ability to use some of our
net operating loss carryforwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations, which could result in increased
future tax liability to us. 

With the exception of refundable income taxes,
we have determined that it was more likely than not that all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future due to our
continuing pre-tax and taxable losses in addition to the potential loss of deferred tax assets as a result of the change in control (see
Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). As a result of this determination, and with the exception for the aforementioned
refundable income taxes, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. 

37 

Results of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses of approximately
 1,048,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 are primarily related to salaries and related costs for personnel in research and development
functions and related consulting fees associated with advancing the platform technologies of approximately 1,041,000, including approximately
 124,000 in share-based compensation. We believe our research and development expenses will increase significantly over time, provided
we are able to raise sufficient capital to advance our lead program. 

Research and development expenses of approximately
 1,456,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 are primarily related to salaries and related costs for personnel in research and development
functions and related consulting fees associated with advancing the platform technologies, including approximately 499,000 in share-based
compensation expense. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses of approximately
 1,579,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 consist principally of salaries and related costs for personnel and consultants in executive
and administrative functions of approximately 1,050,000, including approximately 171,000 in share-based compensation expense, fees for
outside legal counsel of approximately 20,000, legal fees related to intellectual property rights of approximately 347,000, audit, tax,
accounting and filing fees of approximately 80,000, director and officer insurance of approximately 45,000, investor and public relation
fees of approximately 21,000, and other fees and expenses of approximately 16,000. We believe our general and administrative expenses
will increase over time as we hire new employees to support key administrative functions and the planned expansion of research and development
personnel, provided we are able to raise sufficient capital to advance our lead program. 

General and administrative expenses of approximately
 2,045,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 consist principally of salaries and related costs for personnel and consultants in executive
and administrative functions of approximately 1,740,000, including approximately 809,000 in share-based compensation expense, fees for
outside legal counsel of approximately 23,000, fees related to intellectual property rights of approximately 70,000, audit, tax, accounting
and filing fees of approximately 88,000, director and officer insurance of approximately 52,000, investor and public relation fees of
approximately 54,000, and other fees and expenses of approximately 18,000. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Gain on Sale of Holocom Preferred Stock 

In February 2007, we invested an aggregate of
 370,000 in Holocom, Inc. Holocom ), a California corporation that manufactures products that protect information transmitted
over secure networks, in exchange for 2,100,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ).
Pursuant to the articles of incorporation of Holocom, the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at our option into shares of Holocom s
common stock on a one-to-one basis or is redeemable at any time after May 31, 2007 at a redemption price equal to 0.40 per share or 840,000
in aggregate, provided Holocom has sufficient funding to redeem our Series A Preferred Stock. On July 6, 2022, we entered into a redemption
agreement with Holocom, pursuant to which we requested full redemption of our Series A Preferred Stock. During the year ended December
31, 2022, we received cash proceeds in the amount of 343,000 upon the redemption of 857,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (see Note
4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

38 

Change in Valuation of Derivative Liability 

The change in valuation of the derivative liability
of approximately 58,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 pertains to a decrease in the estimated fair value of the anti-dilution
issuance rights provided under the Series B Preferred (see Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

The change in valuation of the derivative liability
of approximately 21,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 pertains to an increase in the estimated fair value of the anti-dilution
issuance rights provided under the Series B Preferred (see Notes 3 and 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Interest Expense and Accretion to Redemption
Value on Convertible Notes 

Non-cash interest expense of approximately 70,000
and 30,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, represents interest expense on convertible notes (see Note 7
to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Accretion to redemption value on convertible notes
of approximately 82,000 and 130,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, pertains to the accretion of the convertible
notes to their redemption value using the effective interest method (see Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On August 21, 2020, we completed a reverse merger
with PTSC, which provided us 605,215 in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. During May 2021, we raised 575,000 from the issuance
of convertible notes, which included 49,997 of accrued payable to founder that was invested in convertible notes. During February 2022,
we raised an additional 341,632 from the issuance of convertible notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 343,000
from the redemption of Holocom Series A Preferred Stock (see Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). As of December
31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 220,645. Our ability to continue our operations is highly dependent on our ability to raise
capital to fund future operations. We anticipate, based on currently proposed plans and assumptions that our cash on hand will not satisfy
our operational and capital requirements through twelve months from the filing date of this Report. 

Our primary uses of capital to date are primarily
related to payroll, consulting and related costs, corporate formation and ongoing public company expenses, fees associated with license
agreements, including patent related expenses, and costs of the Reverse Merger. On a go forward basis, we will need significant additional
capital to support our research and development efforts, compensation and related expenses, and hiring additional staff (including clinical,
scientific, operational, financial, and management personnel) and to reduce our accrued liabilities. We expect to incur substantial expenditures
in the foreseeable future for the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates, provided we are able to raise
sufficient capital to advance our technologies. 

We plan to continue to fund losses from operations
and future funding needs through our cash on hand and future equity and/or debt offerings, as well as potential collaborations or licensing
arrangements with other companies. 

There are a number of uncertainties associated
with our ability to raise additional capital and we have no current arrangements with respect to any additional financing. If we raise
funds from the issuance of equity securities (which will be challenging in light of current market conditions combined with our early
stage of development), substantial dilution to our existing stockholders would likely result. If we raise additional funds by incurring
debt financing (also challenging in light of current market conditions combined with our early stage of development), the terms of the
debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well as covenants and specific financial ratios that may restrict our ability
to operate our business. Further, any contracts or license arrangements we enter into to raise funds may require us to relinquish our
rights to our products or technology, and we may not be able to enter into any such contracts or license arrangements on favorable terms,
or at all. Since the closing date of the Reverse Merger, our limited cash position has required us to perform only limited development
activities and to delay and scale back our development programs and other activities to remain afloat. If we continue to have insufficient
funds, we may be required to cease our operations altogether. 

39 

In addition, the continuation of disruptions caused
by COVID-19, broad-based inflation, and various economic indicators that the United States economy may be entering a recession in upcoming
quarters may cause investors to slow down or delay their decision to deploy capital which will adversely impact our ability to fund future
operations. Consequently, there can be no assurance that any additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, will be
available when needed. If we are unable to raise additional capital and continue to have insufficient funds, we may be required to cease
our operations altogether. The above matters raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Cash Flow Summary 

The following table provides a summary of our
net cash flow activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (690,129 
 (679,236 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 343,000 
 27,637 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 341,632 
 525,003 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (5,497 
 (126,596 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of our net loss of 2,380,870 combined with a decrease in the fair value of the derivative liability
of 57,600 and a gain on redemption of preferred stock of Holocom of 343,000, which amounts were offset by (i) non-cash share-based compensation
expense of 295,123, (ii) non-cash interest expense of 69,738, (iii) the accretion to redemption value on convertible notes of 81,843,
and (iv) a net change in operating assets and liabilities of 1,644,637 primarily due to an increase in accounts payable, accrued compensation,
accrued consulting, and other accrued expenses of 1,641,917, in aggregate. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of our net loss of 3,684,478 offset by (i) share-based compensation expense of 1,308,008, (ii)
non-cash interest on convertible notes of 30,121, (iii) accretion to redemption value on convertible notes of 130,027, (iv) an increase
in the fair value of the derivative liability of 20,800, (v) and a net change in operating assets and liabilities of 1,516,286 primarily
due to an increase in accrued compensation of 997,866 and an increase in accrued expenses and other of 456,846. 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of proceeds received from our partial redemption of Holocom s Series A Preferred Stock
of 343,000 (see Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Net cash provided by investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of net proceeds received of 27,637 from the dissolution of Phoenix Digital Solutions LLC PDS ),
representing our 50 interest in PDS. 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of net proceeds received from the issuance of convertible notes of 341,632 (see Note 7 to
the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of net proceeds received from the issuance of convertible notes of 525,003, which amount excludes
 49,997 that was payable to one of our co-founders as of December 31, 2020 and invested in the convertible notes in May 2021. 

40 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

For a detailed description of recent accounting
pronouncements, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements included in Part
IV, Item 15 of this Report and begin on page F-1 with the index to consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this item. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements and supplementary data
required by this item are included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report and begin on page F-1 with the index to consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our
President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosures controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily
applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer concluded
that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based
on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 update issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

41 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was
not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management s report in this Report. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

Management has determined that, as of December
31, 2022, there were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended
December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on Internal Control 

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
the control. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

In addition, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

On June 14, 2021, by written consent of the holders
of 80 of the voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock Majority Shareholders ), the Majority Shareholders
voted in favor of seven directors to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board to serve until the first annual
meeting of stockholders to occur following the first date on which our common stock is listed or quoted on a national securities exchange
or until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. Executive officers,
subject in each case to the terms and conditions of their respective offer letter or consulting agreement, serve at the discretion of
the Board, and are appointed to serve by the Compensation Committee of the Board. The following table and text set forth below contain
the names and ages of each person serving as our directors and/or executive officers as of December 31, 2022. The business address of
each of the directors and executive officers is 9114 Adams Avenue, #202, Huntington Beach, California 92646. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position and Term 
 
 Steven King 
 
 58 
 
 Director (since August 21, 2020); President and Chief Executive Officer (since August 31, 2020) 
 
 Robert Baffi, Ph.D. 
 
 67 
 
 Director (since July 15, 2021) 
 
 Gloria H. Felcyn 
 
 80 
 
 Director (since October 2002) 
 
 Robert Garnick, Ph.D. 
 
 73 
 
 Director (since August 21, 2020) 
 
 Carlton M. Johnson, Jr. 
 
 63 
 
 Director (since August 2001); former Interim Chief Executive Officer (April 1, 2019 to August 28, 2020) and Interim Chief Financial Officer (October 3, 2019 to August 28, 2020) 
 
 Paul Lytle 
 
 54 
 
 Director (since August 21, 2020); EVP, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary (since August 31, 2020) 
 
 Nicole Steinmetz, Ph.D. 
 
 43 
 
 Director (since August 21, 2020); acting Chief Scientific Officer (since August 31, 2020) 

Director Qualifications 

We believe that individuals who serve on our Board
should possess the requisite education and experience to make a significant contribution to the Board and bring a range of skills, diverse
perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and
dedication to serving the interests of our stockholders. The following are qualifications, experience and skills for board members which
are important to our business: 

Leadership Experience We seek directors
who demonstrate extraordinary leadership qualities. Strong leaders bring vision, diverse perspectives, and broad business insight to the
Company. They demonstrate practical management experience, skills for managing change, and knowledge of industries, geographies and risk
management strategies relevant to the Company; 
 
 Finance Experience We believe that all
directors should possess an understanding of finance and related reporting processes. We also seek directors who qualify as audit
committee financial experts as defined in rules of the SEC for service on the Audit Committee; and 
 
 Industry Experience We seek directors
who have relevant industry experience including: existing and new technologies, new or expanding businesses and a deep understanding of
the Company s business environments. 

The following biographical summaries set forth
below contain certain information concerning the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers as of December 31, 2022,
including principal occupation, business experience, other directorships, and director qualifications. There is no blood or other familial
relationship between or among our directors or executive officers. 

43 

Steven King. Mr. King was nominated to
serve as a director on August 21, 2020 and was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer on August 31, 2020. Mr. King has served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (now known as Avid Bioservices, Inc.) (Nasdaq: CDMO) and its
wholly owned biomanufacturing subsidiary Avid Bioservices, Inc., for over 15 years, during which time the company advanced its lead compound
through Phase III clinical development, while growing revenues to over 55 million. Prior to joining Peregrine, Mr. King was employed
at Vascular Targeting Technologies, Inc., which was acquired by Peregrine in 1997. Mr. King served in a variety of executive roles at
Peregrine and Avid Bioservices, Inc., including Chief Executive Officer and board member of Peregrine (2003 to 2017), and President and
board member of Avid Bioservices (2002-2017). Mr. King also serves as a member of the board of directors of Oncotelic Therapeutics Inc. 

The Board concluded that Mr. King should serve
as a director because of his extensive scientific understanding of technologies in development and expertise in developing and manufacturing
biotechnology products, combined with the perspective and experience he brings from having served on the boards of public companies. 

Robert A. Baffi, Ph.D. Dr. Baffi was nominated
to serve as a director on June 10, 2021 and brings more than 35 years of biologics manufacturing experience. He has contributed to more
than 25 regulatory submissions for product approvals in the United States, Europe and Japan, along with more than 50 regulatory submissions
for investigational new drug testing. Dr. Baffi joined BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. in May 2000 and last served as President of Global
Manufacturing Technical Operations at BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc., where he spent 20 years in various capacities overseeing the
manufacturing, process development, quality, analytical chemistry, logistics and engineering departments. Prior to BioMarin, Dr. Baffi
worked for Genentech, Cooper BioMedical and Becton Dickinson Research Center. He currently serves on the board for the National Institute
for Bioprocessing Research Training NIBRT and Neurogene Inc. Dr. Baffi received a Ph.D., M. Phil and a B.S. in biochemistry
from the City University of New York and an M.B.A. from Regis University. 

The Board concluded that Dr. Baffi should serve
as a director because of his extensive drug development and commercialization experience with biotechnology products. 

Gloria H. Felcyn, CPA (retired). Ms.
Felcyn has served as a director of the Company since October 2002 and is currently the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board. Since
1982, Ms. Felcyn has been the principal in her own certified public accounting firm, during which time she represented major individual
and corporate clients in Silicon Valley including Helmut Falk Sr, a major shareholder and early developer of Patriot Scientific Corporation.
Following Mr. Falk s death, Ms. Felcyn represented his estate and family trust as Executrix and Trustee of the Falk Estate and The
Falk Trust. Prior to establishing her firm, Ms. Felcyn worked for the national accounting firm of Hurdman and Cranston from 1969 through
1970 and Price Waterhouse Co. in San Francisco and New York City from 1970 through 1976, during which period she represented major
Fortune 500 companies. Subsequent to that, Ms. Felcyn worked in the field of international tax planning with a major real estate syndication
company in Los Angeles until 1982 when she decided to start her own CPA practice in Northern California. A major portion of Ms. Felcyn s
CPA practice was Forensic Accounting , which involves valuation of business entities and investigation of assets. Ms. Felcyn
has testified as a Tax Expert in Tax Court and District Court, on behalf of her personal clients in addition to testifying on behalf of
Patriot Scientific Corporation in US District Court. Ms. Felcyn has published tax articles for The Tax Advisor and co-authored
a book published in 1982, International Tax Planning . On June 4, 2020, Ms. Felcyn retired from her public accounting practice. 

The Board of Directors concluded that Ms. Felcyn
should serve as a director of the Company and as the chairperson of the Audit Committee in light of the extensive financial and accounting
experience that she has obtained over her career. 

Robert Garnick, Ph.D. Dr. Garnick was nominated
to serve as a director on August 21, 2020. Dr Garnick holds a Ph.D. in Natural Products / Organic Chemistry from Northeastern University
in Boston. He was a Senior V.P. of Regulatory, Quality and Compliance at Genentech when he left in 2008. Dr. Garnick started at Genentech
in 1984 and was directly responsible for the approval of a number of biotechnology products including such blockbusters as Rituxan ,
Herceptin and Avastin . Dr. Garnick left Genentech in 2008 and founded Lone Mountain Biotechnology and Medical Devices Inc.,
a consulting company. Dr Garnick was co-founder of Bioanalytix in Boston and an early investor in Stemcentrx in San Francisco. Dr. Garnick
has extensive drug and biologics development experience and was a frequent lecturer on biotechnology products and processes. 

44 

The Board concluded that Dr. Garnick should serve
as a director because of his extensive drug development and commercialization experience with biotechnology products. 

Carlton M. Johnson, Jr. Mr. Johnson has
served as a director of the Company since 2001. From June 1996 through March 2013, Mr. Johnson served as in-house legal counsel for Roswell
Capital Partners, LLC and related entities. Mr. Johnson has been admitted to the practice of law in Alabama since 1986, Florida since
1988 and Georgia since 1997. He has been a shareholder in the Pensacola, Florida AV- rated law firm of Smith, Sauer, DeMaria Johnson and
was President-Elect of the 500 member Escambia-Santa Rosa Bar Association. He also served on the Florida Bar Young Lawyers Division Board
of Governors. Mr. Johnson earned a degree in History/Political Science at Auburn University and a Juris Doctor at Samford University -
Cumberland School of Law. Mr. Johnson served on the board of directors of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc (now known as Avid Bioservices,
Inc.) (Nasdaq: CDMO) from 1999 through November 2017. From May 2009 to March 2012, Mr. Johnson served on the board of directors of Cryoport,
Inc., a publicly held company providing cost-efficient frozen shipping to biopharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. From November
2009 to December 2011, Mr. Johnson served on the board of directors of ECOtality, Inc., a leader in clean electric transportation and
storage technologies. 

The Board concluded that Mr. Johnson should serve
as a director in light of the extensive public company finance and corporate governance experience that he has obtained through serving
on the boards and audit committees of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Cryoport, Inc., and ECOtality, Inc. 

Paul Lytle. Mr. Lytle was nominated to
serve as a director on August 21, 2020, and was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer on August 31, 2020. Mr. Lytle
has over 25 years of finance and accounting experience, including over 20 years of public company experience and CFO experience in the
field of biotechnology and medical devices. Mr. Lytle served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Breathe Technologies,
Inc. Breathe ), a private venture-backed medical device company with an approved portable ventilator, from September 2018
to December 2019. During this period, Mr. Lytle played a key role in preparing the company for a successful exit for investors and in
September 2019, Breathe was acquired by Hillrom Holding, Inc. through a reverse merger. Prior to Breathe, Mr. Lytle served as Chief Financial
Officer of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (now known as Avid Bioservices, Inc.) (Nasdaq: CDMO) for 18 years, during which time the company
advanced multiple products in oncology and infectious diseases, while starting and expanding its biomanufacturing business to over 55
million in revenue. Prior to joining Peregrine, Mr. Lytle was employed by Deloitte. 

The Board concluded that Mr. Lytle should serve
as a director because of his extensive experience with public companies in the biotechnology field along with his experience with product
development, corporate financing, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate governance. 

Nicole Steinmetz, Ph.D. Dr. Steinmetz
was nominated to serve as a director on August 21, 2020, and as acting Chief Scientific Officer on August 31, 2020 as an independent
contractor. Dr. Steinmetz is a full-time Professor and Vice Chair of NanoEngineering at the University of California, San
Diego (July 2018 - present), where she also serves as the Founding Director of the Center for Nano-ImmunoEngineering and
Co-Director for the Center of Engineering in Cancer. Dr. Steinmetz started her independent career at Case Western Reserve
University School of Medicine in the Department of Biomedical Engineering, where she was promoted through the ranks of
Assistant Professor (October 2010), Associate Professor (July 2016), Full Professor (January 2018). Dr. Steinmetz trained
at The Scripps Research Institute, La Jolla, CA where she was a NIH K99/R00 awardee and AHA post-doctoral fellow
(2007-2010); she obtained her Ph.D. in Bionanotechnology from the University of East Anglia where she prepared her
dissertation as a Marie Curie Early Stage Training Fellow at the John Innes Centre, Norwich, UK (2004-2007). Her early
training was at the RWTH-Aachen University in Germany, where she obtained her Masters in Molecular Biotechnology
(2001-2004) after completing her pre-Diploma from the Ruhr University Bochum, Germany (1998-2001). Dr. Steinmetz has authored
more than 200 peer-reviewed journal articles (H Index 65), reviews, book chapters, and patents; she has authored and edited books on
Virus-based nanotechnology. Research in the Steinmetz Lab is and has been funded through grants from federal agencies,
including National Institute of Health, National Science Foundation (including an NSF CAREER), US Department of Agriculture, and
Department of Energy, as well as private foundations, including Susan G. Komen Foundation, American Cancer Society, and American
Heart Association. Over the past 10 years, Dr. Steinmetz has been awarded grants as Principal Investigator PI and Co-PI totaling over 45 million in total funding. Dr. Steinmetz served as a standing member of the NIH Nanotechnology study
section. She serves on numerous Editorial Advisory Boards including Molecular Pharmaceutics, ACS Nano, Materials Chemistry B,
Materials Advances, and Advanced Therapeutics. Dr. Steinmetz has won many recognitions and awards; for example, she was elected
Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors, the Royal Society of Chemistry and American Institute for Medical and Biological
Engineering. 

45 

The Board concluded that Dr. Steinmetz should
serve as a director because of her extensive scientific understanding of technologies in development. 

Corporate
Governance 

Meetings and Committees of the Board 

We have three (3) standing committees of the Board,
consisting of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Our committees operate
under written charters adopted by the Board in November 2020, a copy of which is available on our website at www.mosaicie.com under the
Corporate Governance section of our Investors page or by written request to the Company at Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., 9114 Adams
Avenue, #202, Huntington Beach, California 92646, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

Audit Committee 

The three members of our audit committee are Ms.
Gloria Felcyn, Dr. Robert Baffi, and Dr. Robert Garnick. Ms. Felcyn is the chair of our audit committee and was deemed our audit
committee financial expert , as that term is defined under the SEC rules, and possesses financial sophistication,
as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Our audit committee oversees our corporate accounting and financial reporting process
and assists our board of directors in monitoring our financial systems. Our audit committee will also: 

elect and hire the independent registered public
accounting firm to audit our financial statements; 
 
 help to ensure the independence and performance
of the independent registered public accounting firm; 
 
 approve audit and non-audit services and fees; 
 
 review financial statements and discuss with
management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual audited and quarterly financial statements, the results of
the independent audit and the quarterly reviews and the reports and certifications regarding internal controls over financial reporting
and disclosure controls, as applicable; 
 
 prepare the audit committee report that the SEC
requires to be included in our annual report or proxy statement; 
 
 review reports and communications from the independent
registered public accounting firm; 
 
 review the adequacy and effectiveness of our
internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures; 
 
 review our policies on risk assessment and risk
management; 
 
 review related party transactions; and 
 
 establish and oversee procedures for the receipt,
retention, and treatment of accounting related complaints and the confidential submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable
accounting or auditing matters. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation committee are
Ms. Gloria Felcyn and Dr. Robert Garnick. Dr. Garnick is the chair of our compensation committee. Our compensation committee oversees
our compensation policies, plans, and benefits programs. The compensation committee will also: 

oversee our overall compensation philosophy and
compensation policies, plans, and benefit programs; 
 
 review and approve compensation for our executive
officers and directors; and 
 
 administer our equity compensation plans. 

46 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 

The members of our corporate governance and nominating
committee are Ms. Gloria Felcyn, Dr. Robert Baffi, and Dr. Robert Garnick. No chair has been appointed to our corporate governance and
nominating committee. Our corporate governance and nominating committee oversees and assists our board of directors in reviewing and recommending
nominees for election as directors. Specifically, the corporate governance and nominating committee will: 

identify, evaluate, and make recommendations
to our board of directors regarding nominees for election to our board of directors and its committees; 
 
 consider and make recommendations to our board
of directors regarding the composition of our board of directors and its committees; 
 
 review developments in corporate governance practices; 
 
 evaluate the adequacy of our corporate governance
practices and reporting; and 
 
 evaluate the performance of our board of directors
and of individual directors. 

Meetings of the Board 

Our Board held frequent telephonic meetings with
the executive officers and management. In addition, the Board acted on several corporate actions through four (4) unanimous written consents
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The compensation committee acted three (3) times by unanimous written consent during the year
ended December 31, 2022. The corporate governance and nominating committee held no meetings during the year end December 31, 2022. The
Audit Committee held four (4) meetings and acted one (1) time by unanimous written consent during the year ended December 31, 2022 and,
pre-approved all audit and audited related services and fees, reviewed all Company filings with the SEC, and was provided all required
communications from our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Director Independence 

Our securities are not listed on a U.S. securities
exchange and, therefore, are not subject to the corporate governance requirements of any such exchange, including those related to the
independence of directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Board has determined that Dr. Baffi, Ms. Felcyn, Dr. Garnick, and Dr. Steinmetz
are independent directors within the meaning of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). Under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2),
a director will not be considered an independent director if, such director at any time during the past three years was
an employee of the Company, or if a director (or a director s family member) accepted compensation from the Company (other than
compensation for board or board committee service) in excess of 120,000 during any twelve month period within the three years preceding
the determination of independence. In addition, a director will not qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion
of our Board of Directors, that person has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. 

Certain Relationships 

There are no family relationships between or among
the Board or executive officers. 

Annual Meeting Attendance 

Our policy is to invite and encourage each member
of our Board to be present at any annual meetings of stockholders. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no annual meeting
of stockholders. 

47 

Director Compensation 

We did not pay any compensation, make any equity
awards or non-equity awards to or pay any other compensation to any of our non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2022.
In addition, we reimburse all directors for travel and other necessary business expenses incurred in the performance of their services
for us. 

Board Leadership Structure 

In accordance with our Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), our Chief Executive Officer serves as the Chairman of the Board. The Board determined that in the best interest
of the Company, the most effective leadership structure at this time is not to separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
pursuant to the Bylaws. A combined structure will provide the Company with a single leader who represents the Company to our stockholders,
regulators, business partners and other stakeholders. In addition, this structure will create efficiency in the preparation of the meeting
agendas and related Board materials as the Company s Chief Executive Officer works directly with those individuals preparing the
necessary Board materials and is more connected to the overall daily operations of the Company. Agendas will also be prepared with the
permitted input of the full Board allowing for any concerns or risks of any individual director to be discussed as deemed appropriate.
The Board believes that the Company will benefit from this structure, and Mr. King s continuation in the combined role of the Chairman
and President and Chief Executive Officer is in the best interest of the stockholders. 

In addition, the Board does not currently have
a lead independent director. The Board has determined that this structure is the most effective leadership structure for our Company at
this time based on its size. In addition, our Audit, Compensation and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees, which oversee critical
matters such as our accounting principles, financial reporting practices and system of disclosure controls and internal controls over
financial reporting, our executive compensation program and the selection and evaluation of our directors and director nominees, each
consist entirely of independent directors. 

Board Risk Oversight 

The Board does not have a standing risk management
committee, but rather administers this oversight function directly through the Board as a whole, as well as through committees of the
Board. For example, the Audit Committee assists the Board in its risk oversight function by reviewing and discussing with management our
accounting principles, financial reporting practices and system of disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting.
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will assist the Board in its risk oversight function by periodically reviewing and discussing
with management important corporate governance principles and practices and by considering risks related to our director nominee evaluation
process. The Compensation Committee assists the Board in its risk oversight function by considering risks relating to the design of our
executive compensation programs and arrangements. The full Board considers strategic risks and opportunities from the committees regarding
risk oversight in their areas of responsibility, as necessary. We believe the Board leadership structure facilitates the division of risk
management oversight responsibilities among the Board and its committees and enhances the Board s efficiency in fulfilling its oversight
function with respect to different areas of our business risks and our risk mitigation practices. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a code of business conduct and
ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)
and employees, known as the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at
www.mosaicie.com under the Corporate Governance section of our Investors page. We will promptly disclose on our website (i) the nature
of any amendment to the policy that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller, or persons performing similar functions and (ii) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit waiver, from a provision
of the policy that is granted to one of these specified individuals, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of
the waiver. 

48 

Director Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years, no director or executive
officer has been involved in any legal proceedings that are material to an evaluation of their ability or integrity to become our director
or executive officer. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the
Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater
than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance
with Section 16(a). 

Based solely on our review of the copies of such
forms received by us, or written representations from reporting persons, we believe that our insiders complied with all applicable Section 16(a)
filing requirements during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Communications with the Board of Directors 

Stockholders who wish to communicate with the
Board may do so by addressing their correspondence to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., 9114 Adams Avenue, #202, Huntington Beach, California
92646, Attention: Board of Directors. The Corporate Secretary reviews and forwards correspondence to the appropriate director or group
of directors for response. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table summarizes the compensation
of the named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total Compensation ) 
 
 Steven King, President and Chief 
 2022 
 250,000 (1) 

16,322 (2) 
 266,322 
 
 Executive Officer CEO 
 2021 
 250,000 (1) 

14,991 (2) 
 264,991 

Paul Lytle, EVP, Chief Financial 
 2022 
 250,000 (1) 

41,647 (2) 
 291,647 
 
 Officer CFO 
 2021 
 250,000 (1) 

38,440 (2) 
 288,440 

(1) Of such amount, Mr. King and Mr. Lytle have agreed to defer 85 of their base salary payable in cash until
such a time that the Company is able to raise at least 4 million in funding. 
 
 (2) Represents the cost of benefits paid on behalf of the named executive officer for health, dental, and
vision benefits. 

49 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding unexercised stock options and unvested stock awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable(1) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested )(3) 
 
 Steven King 
 12/16/2020(1) 

65,218 
 64,566 

12/16/2020(2) 

43,479 
 43,044 

Paul Lytle 
 12/16/2020(1) 

42,392 
 41,968 

12/16/2020(2) 

37,772 
 37,394 

______________ 

(1) RSU award will vest 100 on the sooner of August 31, 2023 or last date of employment. 
 
 (2) RSU award will vest 100 on the sooner of (i) August 31, 2024, provided the Company is listed on a national
exchange such as the Nasdaq Stock Market prior to August 31, 2024 (ii) upon a merger or acquisition of the Company, provided the holder
agrees to accept the underlying shares in writing, or (iii) upon the holders last date of employment, provided the holder agrees to accept
the underlying shares in writing. 
 
 (3) Market value is calculated based on the closing price of our common stock of 0.99 per share on December
31, 2022, times the number of shares subject to the RSU award. Each RSU represents the contingent right to receive, upon vesting, one
share of our common stock. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Share Ownership 

The following table sets forth information, as
of March 1, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock and Series B Preferred by: 

each person known by us to be a beneficial owner
of more than five percent (5 of our outstanding common stock 
 
 each person known by us to be a beneficial owner
of more than five percent (5 of our Series B Preferred Stock; 
 
 each of our directors; 
 
 each of our named executive officers; and 
 
 all current directors and named executive officers
as a group. 

The amounts and percentage of common stock and
Series B Preferred beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial
owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the
voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such
security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership
within 60 days of March 1, 2023, including, but not limited to, any right to acquire the security upon vesting of a restricted stock units RSUs or through the exercise of any option or warrant or through the conversion of a security. Any securities not outstanding
that are subject to outstanding RSUs, options, warrants or other convertible securities shall be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage of outstanding securities of the class owned by that person, but shall not be deemed to be outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person. 

50 

Unless otherwise indicated, each person named
below holds sole investment and voting power, other than the powers that may be shared with the person s spouse under applicable
law. Unless otherwise noted below, each individual s address is 9114 Adams Avenue, #202, Huntington Beach, California 92646. 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Ownership (1) 
 
 Percent of Class 
 (1) 
 
 Common Stock, 0.00001 par value: 

Nicole Steinmetz, Ph.D. (2) 
 2,222,946 
 30.65 

Steven King (3) 
 1,662,900 
 22.89 

Paul Lytle 
 1,641,252 
 22.66 

Case Western Reserve University (4) 
 802,786 
 9.98 

Steven Fiering, Ph.D. 
 570,870 
 7.88 

Robert Garnick, Ph.D. (5) 
 525,446 
 7.09 

Robert A. Baffi, Ph.D. (5) 
 168,652 
 2.28 

Gloria H. Felcyn (6) 
 57,597 

Carlton M. Johnson, Jr. 
 1,050 

All officers and directors as a group 
 6,279,843 
 81.9 

(seven individuals in total) 

Series B Preferred, 0.00001 par value: 

Case Western Reserve University 
 10900 Euclid Avenue 
 Adelbert Hall, Suite 4 
 Cleveland, OH 44106-7014 
 70,000 
 100.0 
 
 _____________ 

Represents less than 1 
 
 (1) Applicable percentage ownership of common stock computed on the basis of 7,242,137 shares of common stock
and 70,000 shares of Series B Preferred outstanding at March 1, 2023. 
 
 (2) Includes 570,870 shares of common stock held by spouse and 10,824 shares of common stock to be issued
upon the conversion of unsecured convertibles notes and accrued interest thereon. 
 
 (3) Includes 21,648 shares of common stock to be issued upon the conversion of unsecured convertibles notes
and accrued interest thereon. 
 
 (4) Represents the conversion of 70,000 shares of our Series B Preferred, whereby each share of the Series
B Preferred shall initially convert into 11.46837 shares of common stock of the Company subject to certain anti-dilution protections as
defined in the Series B Certificate of Designations. 
 
 (5) Includes 168,652 shares of common stock to be issued upon the conversion of unsecured convertibles notes
and accrued interest thereon. 
 
 (6) Includes 55,693 shares of common stock to be issued upon the conversion of unsecured convertibles notes
and accrued interest thereon. 

51 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions With Directors, Executive Officers
and Principal Stockholders 

Our Audit Committee Charter provides that the
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors will review and approve all related party transactions involving directors or executive officers
and will review and monitor conflicts of interest situations involving such individuals where appropriate, and approve or prohibit any
involvement of such persons in matters that may involve a conflict of interest or taking of a corporate opportunity. There were no transactions,
or series of transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, or series of transactions,
to which we are a party, in which the amount exceeds 120,000, and in which to our knowledge any director, executive officer, nominee,
five percent or greater stockholder, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, has or will have any direct
or indirect material interest. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, during April 2021,
we entered into consulting agreements (retroactive to September 1, 2020) with Nicole Steinmetz, Ph.D., acting Chief Scientific Officer,
Jonathan Pokorski, Ph.D. (Dr. Steinmetz s spouse), and Steve Fiering, Ph.D., each a co-founder of Private Mosaic and greater than
5 shareholder of the Company Related Parties ), for their scientific contributions towards advancing the technology platforms,
in the monthly amounts of 5,000, 2,500, and 2,500, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred related party
consulting expenses for Dr. Steinmetz, Dr. Pokorski, and Dr. Fiering in the aggregate amount of 60,000, 30,000 and 30,000, respectively,
included in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Pursuant to the consulting agreements,
Dr. Steinmetz, Dr. Pokorski, and Dr. Fiering are initially paid 15 of their monthly amounts up and until the Company is able to raise
at least 4 million in new funding. In exchange for the deferral of consulting payments, the Company agreed to grant each of the Related
Parties RSU s with a fair market value equal to 20 of their deferred cash compensation as of the closing date of the financing
(the 20 Deferral ). The number of RSU s to be granted will be calculated based on the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the closing date of the financing and will vest one-year from the date of grant. There was no share-based compensation
expense recorded for year ended December 31, 2022 pertaining to the 20 Deferral as the terms are unknown and are based on a future performance
trigger. 

In addition, on February 18, 2022, we entered
into convertible note purchase agreements with sixteen (16) accredited investors, including five (5) members of our Board that participated
on the same terms as other accredited investors, in the aggregate principal amount of 341,632. Of such amount, the five (5) members of
our Board invested 155,000 in aggregate (see Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Director Independence 

Under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2), a director
will not be considered an independent director if, such director at any time during the past three years was an employee
of the Company, or if a director (or a director s family member) accepted compensation from the Company (other than compensation
for board or board committee service) in excess of 120,000 during any twelve month period within the three years preceding the determination
of independence. In addition, a director will not qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of our Board of
Directors, that person has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our Board has determined that Dr. Baffi, Ms. Felcyn, Dr. Garnick, and Dr. Steinmetz are independent directors 
within the meaning of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). 

52 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Fees 

Each audit, non-audit and tax service that is
approved by the Audit Committee will be reflected in a written engagement letter or in writing specifying the services to be performed
and the cost of such services, which will be signed by either a member of the Audit Committee or by one of our officers authorized by
the Audit Committee to sign on behalf of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has approved all audit, audit-related and tax fees listed
below. 

The following table presents fees for professional
services rendered by KMJ Corbin Company LLP for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and fees billed for other services rendered by KMJ Corbin Company LLP for those periods. 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 44,150 
 42,720 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 
 2,900 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 8,500 
 15,742 
 
 All other fees 

Total fees 
 52,650 
 61,362 

________________ 

(1) 
 Audit fees pertain to the aggregate fees by our principal accountants for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements on Form 10-K, and reviews of quarterly consolidated financial statements included in our reports on Form 10-Q, and audit services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings, such as registration statements. 
 
 (2) 
 This category of services would include, among others: employee benefit plan audits, due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions, accounting consultations and audits in connection with acquisitions, internal control reviews, attest services related to financial reporting that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 
 (3) 
 This category consists of fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance and tax advice. 

In addition, KMJ Corbin Company LLP, our
independent auditor, may not provide any services to our officers or Audit Committee members, including financial counseling or tax services. 

53 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed
as a part of this Report on Form 10-K: 

1. 
 Financial Statements . The following consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included starting on page F-1 of this Report: 

- Report of KMJ Corbin Company LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm (KMJ Corbin Company LLP PCAOB ID#: 170) 
 
 - Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 - Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 
 
 - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 
 
 - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules . All financial statement schedules have been omitted since the information is either not applicable or required or is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereof. 

3. 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated August 4, 2008, among the Company, PTSC Acquisition 1 Corp, Crossflo Systems, Inc. and the Crossflo principal officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed August 11, 2008) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 1, 2020). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 1, 2020). 
 
 3.3.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock Series A Preferred (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3.9 to Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Voting Preferred Stock Series B Preferred (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3.10 to Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.3.3 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement dated August 19, 2020, among Company and holders of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3.11 to Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 3.3.4 
 
 Voting Agreement dated August 19, 2020, among Company and holders of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3.12 to Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 1, 2020) 

4.2+ 
 
 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to our Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on November 2, 2020). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 19, 2020 among Patriot Scientific Corporation (now known as Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc.), PTSC Sub One Inc., private Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., certain stockholders of private Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. set forth therein, and Steven King (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 

54 

10.2 
 
 Materials Transfer, Evaluation and Exclusion Option Agreement dated July 1, 2020 between Company and Case Western Reserve University (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-Q filed on October 15, 2020). 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated November 13, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Mr. Steven King (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated November 13, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Mr. Paul Lytle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 4 to Form 10-Q filed on December 29, 2020) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Code of Business Conduct
 and Ethics, as adopted on November 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-KT filed on March 2,
 2021) 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock
 Option Award Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-KT filed on March 2,
 2021) 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified
 Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-KT filed on March 2,
 2021) 
 
 10.8 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock
 Award Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-KT filed on March
 2, 2021) 
 
 10.9 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock
 Unit Award Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-KT filed on March 2,
 2021) 
 
 10.10 + 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation
 Rights Award Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-KT filed on March 2,
 2021) 
 
 10.11 + 
 
 Form of Indemnification
 Agreement by and between the Company and the Officers and Board of Directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-KT filed on March 2,
 2021) 
 
 10.12 + 
 
 Consulting agreement signed April 29, 2021 by and between Registrant
and Dr. Nicole Steinmetz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Note Purchase Agreement dated May 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10,
 2021) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Convertible Note Purchase Agreement dated February 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Redemption Agreement by and between Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and Holocom, Inc. dated July 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 
 License Agreement by and between Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and Case Western Reserve University dated May 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of KMJ Corbin Company LLP 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Annual Report) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Steven King, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Paul Lytle, EVP, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Steven King, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Paul Lytle, EVP, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K 
 
 + 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan
or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

55 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 2, 2023 
 
 MOSAIC IMMUNOENGINEERING, INC. 
 
 /s/ Steven King 
 Steven King. President and Chief Executive Officer,
 Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Know all persons by these presents, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Steven King and Paul Lytle, and each of them, as his/her true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him/her and in his/her name, place, and stead,
in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents,
and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection
therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, or any of them or their or his/her substitute or substituted, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Steven King 
 
 President
and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 Steven King 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Paul Lytle 
 
 EVP, Chief Financial Officer,
Director 

March 2, 2023 
 
 Paul Lytle 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Nicole Steinmetz, Ph.D. 
 
 Acting Chief Scientific Officer, Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 Nicole Steinmetz, Ph.D. 

/s/ Robert Baffi Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 Robert Baffi, Ph.D. 

/s/ Gloria Felcyn 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 Gloria Felcyn 

/s/ Robert Garnick, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 Robert Garnick, Ph.D. 

/s/ Carlton Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 Carlton Johnson 

56 

Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. 

 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KMJ Corbin Company LLP PCAOB ID#: 

F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 

F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

 Mosaic ImmunoEngineering Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has minimal cash on hand and has not yet generated any revenue. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Accounting for Anti-Dilution Issuance Rights 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described further in Notes 3, 6 and 8 to the
consolidated financial statements, the terms of the Company s Series B Convertible Voting Preferred Stock contain certain anti-dilution
issuance rights. The accounting for the anti-dilution feature was complex, as it required management to perform a valuation of the anti-dilution
feature at December 31, 2022 with the assistance of a specialist, which involved estimation of the fair value of the anti-dilution feature,
as well as determined the appropriate classification and prepared the disclosure of the anti-dilution feature in the consolidated financial
statements. 

Auditing management s valuation of the anti-dilution
feature involved a high degree of subjectivity as estimates underlying the determination of fair value were based on various inputs and
significant assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation model, including timing and probability of future financings, and the number
of shares issued under the anti-dilution feature. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

We tested the Monte Carlo simulation model prepared
by management s specialist at December 31, 2022 and assessed the reasonableness of the inputs and significant assumptions. We involved
our valuation specialist to assist in the evaluation of the Company s determination of the fair value of the anti-dilution feature,
which included testing the appropriateness of the methodology and underlying assumptions used. We also performed sensitivity analyses
to evaluate the materiality of reasonable changes in management s assumptions. Additionally, we read and assessed the completeness
and accuracy of management s disclosure of the anti-dilution feature. 

Accounting for Convertible Note Agreements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described further in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated
financial statements, the terms of the Company s convertible note agreements Convertible Notes entered into with
certain investors contain no maturity or repayment terms and are only convertible upon a future financing. 

Auditing management s accounting for the
Convertible Notes and the appropriate classification was challenging due to the complex nature of the relevant accounting guidance, as
well as the extent of management s judgments in the application of the guidance. Management determined that it was appropriate to
account for the Convertible Notes as share-settled debt as the instruments embody a conditional obligation to issue a variable number
of the Company s equity shares and at inception, the monetary value of the obligation is based solely on a fixed value known at
inception. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

We obtained an understanding of management s
assessment of the accounting treatment of the Convertible Notes through inspection of the underlying agreements and evaluation of the
Company s analysis of the significant terms of the Convertible Notes, the related accounting guidance and their conclusions. Our
audit procedures related to the accounting for the Convertible Notes included, among others, the following: we evaluated management s
conclusions regarding the accounting and classification of the Convertible Notes, assessed the reasonableness of management s estimated
life of the Convertible Notes, recalculated the accretion to the redemption value during the year ended December 31, 2022, and assessed
the completeness and accuracy of management s disclosure of the Convertible Notes. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2020. 

March 2, 2023 

F- 3 

Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Derivative liability 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued consulting 

Accrued expenses and other 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized: 

Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock; shares designated; shares issued and outstanding 

Series B Convertible Voting Preferred Stock; shares designated; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized: and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Gain on redemption of preferred stock of Holocom 

Interest income 

Change in valuation of derivative liability 

Non-cash interest expense on convertible notes 

Accretion to redemption value on convertible notes 

Total other income (expense), net 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic loss per common share 

Diluted loss per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Deficit 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Series A 
 Convertible Voting 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series B 
 Convertible Voting 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Series A 
 Convertible Voting 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series B 
 Convertible Voting 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Conversion of Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Gain on redemption of preferred stock of Holocom 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Non-cash interest on convertible notes 

Accretion to redemption value on convertible notes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Refundable income taxes 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued consulting 

Accrued expenses and other 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Proceeds from redemption of preferred stock of Holocom 

Proceeds from dissolution of affiliate 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock to common stock 

Conversion of accrued payable to founder to convertible note 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references
to the Company, the combined company, Mosaic, we, our, or us 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report refer to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and its subsidiaries (formerly known
as Patriot Scientific Corporation). References to PTSC and Private Mosaic refer to Patriot Scientific Corporation
and privately held Mosaic ImmunoEngineering Inc., respectively, prior to the completion of the reverse merger in August 2020. 

and has not yet generated any revenue. Therefore, our ability to continue our operations is highly dependent on our ability
to raise capital to fund future operations. We anticipate, based on currently proposed plans and assumptions that our cash and cash equivalents
on hand will not satisfy our operational and capital requirements through twelve months from the filing date of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

There are a number of uncertainties associated
with our ability to raise additional capital and we have no current arrangements with respect to any additional financing. In addition,
the continuation of disruptions caused by COVID-19, broad-based inflation, and various economic indicators that the United States economy
may be entering a recession in upcoming quarters may cause investors to slow down or delay their decision to deploy capital which will
adversely impact our ability to fund future operations. Consequently, there can be no assurance that any additional financing on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all, will be available when needed. The inability to obtain additional capital will delay our ability to conduct
our business operations. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. The above
matters raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

in Holocom, Inc. Holocom ), a California corporation that manufactures products that protect information transmitted
over secure networks, in exchange for shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ),
which represented an approximate ownership interest in Holocom, on an as-converted basis. Prior to impairment, this investment was
accounted for at cost since we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of
Holocom. On July 6, 2022, we entered into a redemption agreement (the Redemption Agreement with Holocom, pursuant to which
we requested full redemption of our Series A Preferred Stock at a redemption price equal to per share or in aggregate,
provided Holocom has sufficient funding to redeem our shares of Series A Preferred Stock. We recognize the initial and monthly redemption
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock using a cash basis of accounting rather than an accrual method as we are unable to assert that collection
of amounts due under the Redemption Agreement is probable, regardless of the terms of the Redemption Agreement (see Note 4). 

We invest our cash and cash equivalents primarily
in money market funds. Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with high quality financial institutions, which are regularly monitored
by management. At times, deposits held with financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. We perform ongoing evaluations of these financial institutions
to limit our concentration of risk exposure. 

Moreover, equity classification was not an appropriate
classification for the convertible notes because the underlying terms of the convertible notes do not expose the investors to risks and
rewards similar to those of an owner and, therefore, do not create a shareholder relationship. Pursuant to ASC 835-30, the convertible
notes were initially recorded at their amortized cost and are accreted to their redemption value over the estimated conversion period
using the effective interest method (see Note 7). 

outstanding share-based awards with market
or performance conditions. 

In addition, we periodically grant RSUs to non-employee
consultants, which we account for in accordance with the authoritative guidance for share-based compensation. The cost of non-employee
services received in exchange for share-based awards are measured based on either the fair value of the consideration received or the
fair value of the share-based award issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

The following table presents common share equivalents
excluded from the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the effect of
their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive during periods of net loss: 

Series A and Series B Preferred 

Unvested RSUs 

Total 

Moreover, in connection with an acquisition of
Crossflo by PTSC (see Note 10), escrow shares of common stock were issued that are contingent upon certain representations and warranties
made by Crossflo. We exclude these escrow shares from the basic income (loss) per share calculations and would have included the escrowed
shares in the diluted income per share calculations if we reported net income. 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Anti-dilution issuance rights derivative liability 

Total liabilities 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using 

Fair Value at December 31, 2021 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Anti-dilution issuance rights derivative liability 

Total liabilities 

Anti-Dilution Issuance Rights Derivative Liability 

Pursuant to the Series B Preferred Certificate
of Designation, the Series B Preferred includes certain anti-dilution issuance rights, whereby the holder will continue to maintain equity
ownership equal to 10 of the fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding, calculated on an as converted basis, including all other
convertible securities outstanding and reserved for issuance (and excluding stock options issued and outstanding and reserved for issuance
under a Board approved employee stock option plan reserving for issuance no more than ten percent (10 of the outstanding common stock
of the Company) until we raise the Capital Threshold under the License Agreement (see Note 6). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Capital
Threshold was approximately and , respectively. 

To determine the estimated fair value of the anti-dilution
issuance rights liability, the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation methodology, which models the future movement of stock prices based
on several key variables. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of the anti-dilution issuance rights was and
 , respectively. We initially recorded the fair value as a derivative liability with a corresponding charge to research and development
expense and we will mark-to-market at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in other income (expense) in the consolidated
statements of operations at each period-end while this derivative instrument is outstanding. 

The primary inputs used in valuing the anti-dilution
issuance rights liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Estimated additional shares of common stock 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

The fair value of the common stock was determined
by management with the assistance of an independent third-party specialist. The computation of expected volatility was estimated using
available information about the historical volatility of stocks of similar publicly traded companies for a period matching the expected
term assumption. In addition, the Company incorporated the estimated number of shares, timing, and probability of future equity financings
in the calculation of the anti-dilution issuance rights liability. 

in Holocom in exchange for shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which represented an approximate ownership interest
in Holocom, on an as-converted basis. Pursuant to the articles of incorporation of Holocom, the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible
at our option into shares of Holocom s common stock on a one-to-one basis or is redeemable at any time after May 31, 2007 at a redemption
price equal to 0.40 per share or 840,000 in aggregate, provided Holocom has sufficient funding to redeem our shares of Series A Preferred
Stock. 

On July 6, 2022, we entered into the Redemption
Agreement with Holocom, pursuant to which we requested full redemption of our Series A Preferred Stock. Pursuant to the Redemption Agreement,
we received cash proceeds in the amount of 
upon the redemption of 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which amount is included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The remaining shares of Series A Preferred Stock are expected to be redeemed over a period of thirty
(30) months beginning August 1, 2022 based on the following redemption schedule: 

Months 13-24 

Months 25-30 

We will recognize the initial and monthly redemption
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock using a cash basis of accounting rather than an accrual method as we are unable to assert that collection
of amounts due under the redemption agreement is probable, regardless of the terms of the Redemption Agreement. As a result, the remaining
redemption amount receivable has been fully reserved and other income will be recognized once payments are received. We will remove the
cash basis of accounting designation at such time we believe collection from Holocom is probable based upon sufficient liquidity or a
demonstrated payment history. 

As of December 31, 2022, of the 175,000 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed under the aforementioned redemption schedule covering the five months ended December 31, 2022,
Holocom has redeemed shares of Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for . Any amounts not paid within fifteen (15) days of
its respective due date shall accrue interest at a rate of 8 per annum until fully paid and retroactively adjusted to 12 per annum from
its original due date for amounts not paid within 90 days of its original due date. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holocom also agreed
to expedite the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock in the event that Holocom has excess cash on hand, which amount shall be calculated
at each calendar month end period date Month End Date ), equal to an amount of (i) total cash on hand of Holocom and Scripps
Ventures, Inc. (a related party entity of Holocom) (ii) less 200,000 Excess Capital ). Holocom agreed to redeem a number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the amount of Excess Capital divided by 0.40 per share no later than ten (10) business
days following the Month End Date. There were no additional redemptions of Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment
in Holocom was valued at based on various indicators of impairment, including Holocom s inability to meet its business plan and
raise sufficient capital, in addition to the general economic environment. 

Phoenix Digital Solutions LLC PDS 

PDS was previously formed by PTSC to pursue licensing
of its intellectual property. We owned of the membership interests of PDS, representing 27,637 as of December 31, 2020. On September
29, 2020, the members of PDS agreed to wind up and dissolve PDS as the underlying intellectual property was deemed no longer enforceable.
In January 2021, the remaining cash on hand of 55,274 was equally distributed to its two members according to the dissolution plan. 

Accrued patent expenses 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

In September 2008, PTSC acquired Patriot Data
Solutions Group, Inc. formerly known as Crossflo Systems, Inc. PDSG ). In connection with the acquisition of Crossflo by
PTSC, we have accrued that could be payable to Crossflo investors. 

Under the License Option Agreement, Private Mosaic
issued CWRU 70,000 shares of Class B Common Stock at the fair market value of 7 on the date of issuance, which represented 10 of the
fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding of Private Mosaic. On August 21, 2020, the Class B Stock was exchanged for shares of
Series B Preferred, which included certain anti-dilution rights. Pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, the Series B Preferred holder
will continue to maintain ownership equal to 10 of the fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding of the Company, including for
such purposes all other convertible securities outstanding and reserved for issuance except stock options issued and outstanding and reserved
for issuance under a board approved employee stock option plans reserving for issuance no more than ten percent (10 of the outstanding
common stock of the Company then outstanding, until we initially raise at least 1 million from the sale of either preferred or common
stock, or a combination thereof Capital Threshold ). In addition, pursuant to the License Option Agreement, net working
capital acquired under the reverse merger in August 2020 of approximately 374,000 was applied against the Capital Threshold in addition
to payments received from the redemption of Holocom preferred stock (see Note 4) in the amount of 343,000 as such investment existed
as of closing date of the reverse merger in August 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining Capital Threshold was approximately .
The anti-dilution issuance rights under the License Option Agreement meet the definition of a derivative instrument under ASC Topic 815
(see Note 3). 

On May 4, 2022, we exercised our rights under
the License Option Agreement and entered into a license agreement with CWRU License Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of
the License Agreement, we agreed to pay CWRU for each licensed product used in human applications (i) development milestones of up to
 1.8 million in aggregate dependent upon the progress of clinical trials, regulatory approvals, and initiation of product launch, (ii)
tiered royalty on net sales beginning in the mid-single digits, (iii) annual minimum royalty of 10,000 beginning on the second anniversary
date of the Agreement with the minimum amount rising based on net sales of the licensed product, and (iv) a declining percentage of all
non-royalty sublicensing income based on the escalating stage of development upon a sublicensing event, if applicable. In addition, we
agreed to pay CWRU for each licensed product used in veterinarian applications (i) a tiered royalty on net sales beginning in the low
single digits and (ii) a declining percentage of all non-royalty sublicensing income based on the escalating stage of development upon
a sublicensing event, if applicable. 

In addition, we are responsible for the reimbursement
of all past, current and future patent fees incurred by CWRU under the License Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we incurred and , respectively, in patent legal fees associated with the License Agreement and License Option Agreement,
which are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Furthermore, we agreed
to reimburse CWRU for all intellectual property fees incurred since inception of the portfolio through the date of the License Agreement
in the amount of approximately (included in Accrued expenses and other in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet) in four
(4) equal quarterly installments beginning upon the sooner of (i) May 2023 (extended by CRWU from an initial date of August 31, 2021)
or (ii) upon the Company closing a financing in the amount of 5 million or more. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have accrued 
and , respectively, in accrued patent fees under the License Agreement. 

The License Agreement will remain in effect until
the later of (i) twenty (20) years from the date of the License Agreement, (ii) on the expiration date of the last-to-expire patent under
the License Agreement or (iii) at the expiry of all Market Exclusivity Periods for a licensed product. 

License Agreements with University of California
San Diego UC San Diego 

During July 2021, we licensed the exclusive rights
to develop and commercialize several novel vaccine candidates, including SARS-CoV-2 and other infectious disease applications from UC
San Diego. Under the licensing agreement, we are obligated to pay (i) a nominal upfront license access fee, (ii) all patent costs incurred
prior to the effective date of the license agreement, (iii) annual license maintenance fees, (iv) aggregate future milestone payments
based on potential clinical development and regulatory milestones of up to through Phase III development plus additional milestones
upon regulatory approval in the U.S. and other countries, (v) potential sales milestones upon achieving certain sales levels, and (vi)
a low single digit royalty on net sales and/or a percentage of sublicense income. 

During September 2021, we licensed the exclusive
rights from UC San Diego to develop and commercialize technology that involves the loading of immuno-stimulatory molecules into plant
virus protein nanoparticles, including the ability to load these molecules into MIE-101, our lead product candidate. These plant virus
protein nanoparticles can be loaded with other TLR agonists to further tailor specific immune response parameters. Under the licensing
agreement, we are obligated to pay (i) a nominal upfront license access fee, (ii) all patent costs incurred prior to the effective date
of the license agreement, (iii) annual license maintenance fees, (iv) aggregate future milestone payments based on potential clinical
development and regulatory milestones of up to 1,250,000 through Phase III development plus additional milestones upon regulatory approval
in the U.S. and other countries, and (v) a low single digit royalty on net sales and/or a percentage of sublicense income. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we incurred and , respectively, in intellectual property costs associated with the license agreements with UC San Diego,
which amount is included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In addition,
for the year ended December 31, 2021, we expensed in aggregate associated with upfront payments under the license agreements with
UC San Diego, which amount is included in research and development expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
we have accrued and , respectively, in accrued patent fees under the license agreements with UC San Diego. 

in proceeds in addition to in accrued payable to founder that was invested in convertible notes and the Company
issued unsecured convertible promissory notes May Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of . 

On February 18, 2022, we entered into additional
convertible note purchase agreements February Note Agreement with sixteen (16) accredited investors, including five (5)
members of our Board that participated on the same terms as other accredited investors. Pursuant to the February Note Agreement, we received
 in proceeds and issued unsecured convertible promissory notes February Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal
amount of . The February Convertible Notes were issued as part of a convertible note offering authorized by the Company s
Board (the Convertible Notes Offering for raising up to 5 million from the issuance of convertible notes through June
30, 2022. 

The May and February Convertible Notes (collectively,
the Convertible Notes have no stated maturity date; bear interest at a simple rate equal to eight percent per annum
until converted; and automatically convert into the same equity securities issued for cash in the Qualified Financing (as described below),
or at the option of the holder, into the same equity securities issued for cash in a Smaller Financing (as described below). Interest
on the Convertible Notes is accreted and added to the unpaid principal balance prior to conversion of the Convertible Notes. During the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded non-cash interest expense on the Convertible Notes in the amount of 
and , respectively. 

The Convertible Notes will convert into the same
equity securities offered in the Qualified Financing or Smaller Financing Conversion Shares ), as described below, at a
conversion price equal to the lower of (i) the product equal to 80 times the lowest per unit purchase price of the equity securities
issued for cash in the Qualified Financing or Smaller Financing, or (ii) 2.377 for the May Convertible Notes May Conversion Price or 1.00 for the February Convertible Notes February Conversion Price ). Pursuant to the February Note Agreement, for each
holder of the May Convertible Notes that purchased a February Convertible Note in the amount of (a) 50,000 or (b) an amount equivalent
to the principal amount of their May Convertible Note, the conversion price of the May Convertible Notes was adjusted to the February
Conversion Price. As of December 31, 2022, the principal amount of Convertible Notes that may be converted at the February Conversion
Price was 866,632. In addition, the conversion price may be reduced or increased proportionately as a result of stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations, reorganizations, and similar transactions. Upon any conversion of the Convertible Notes in connection with a Qualified
Financing or a Smaller Financing, as applicable, the Convertible Notes shall convert immediately prior to the closing thereof, such that
the investors paying cash in such Qualified Financing or Smaller Financing, as applicable, are not diluted by the conversion of the Convertible
Notes. 

Pursuant to the Convertible Notes, a Qualified
Financing represents a single transaction or series of transactions whereby the Company receives aggregate gross proceeds of at least
 5 million from the sale of equity securities following the issuance date (excluding proceeds from the issuance of any future convertible
notes). A Smaller Financing represents any sale of equity securities whereby the aggregate gross proceeds are less than 5 million (excluding
proceeds from the issuance of any future convertible notes). 

In addition, in the event of a corporate transaction
covering the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or
change in ownership of at least 50 in voting securities of the Company, the holder of the Convertible Note may elect that either: (a)
the Company pay the holder of such Convertible Note an amount equal to the sum of (i) all accrued and unpaid interest due on such Convertible
Note and (ii) one and one-half (1.5) times the outstanding principal balance of such Convertible Note; or (b) such Convertible Note will
convert into that number of conversion shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the outstanding principal balance and unpaid
accrued interest of such Convertible Note on the date of conversion by (ii) the May or February Conversion Price, as applicable. 

Pursuant to ASC Topic 835-30, Imputation
of Interest , the Convertible Notes were initially recorded at their amortized cost of and are being accreted to their
redemption value of over the estimated conversion period ending March 31, 2023 using the effective interest method. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, in accretion to redemption value
on the Convertible Notes. 

The Series B Preferred also includes certain anti-dilution
rights anti-dilution issuance rights ), whereby the holder of Series B Preferred will continue to maintain ownership equal
to 10 of the fully diluted shares of common stock outstanding, including for such purposes all other convertible securities outstanding
and reserved for issuance except equity awards issued and outstanding and reserved for issuance under a board approved equity compensation
plan reserving for issuance no more than ten percent (10 of the outstanding common stock of the Company then outstanding, until we raise
the Capital Threshold. In addition, pursuant to the License Option Agreement, net working capital acquired under the reverse merger in
August 2020 in the amount of approximately 374,000 was applied against the Capital Threshold in addition to payments received from the
redemption of Holocom preferred stock (see Note 4) in the amount of 343,000 as such investment existed as of closing date of the reverse
merger in August 2020. The remaining Capital Threshold was approximately 283,000 as of December 31, 2022. The anti-dilution issuance
rights meet the definition of a derivative instrument under FASB s ASC Topic 815 (see Note 3). 

In the event of any Liquidation Event, the Holders
of Series B Preferred shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds
of the Company to the holders of common stock, an amount per share in cash equal to the greater of (x) the stated value of 6.50 for each
share of Series B Preferred then held by the holder or (y) the amount payable per share of common stock which such holder of Series B
Preferred would have received if such Holder had converted to common stock immediately prior to the Liquidation Event. 

Share-Based Compensation 

2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On October 21, 2020, we adopted our 2020 Omnibus
Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan and on October 22, 2020, the 2020 Plan was approved by our stockholders. The 2020 Plan was
adopted to promote our long-term success and the creation of stockholder value by motivating participants, through equity incentive awards,
to achieve long-term success in our business. The 2020 Plan permits the discretionary award of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs,
and other equity awards to selected participants. On October 21, 2021, the first anniversary date from the adoption date of the 2020 Plan,
the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan increased to 20 of the fully diluted shares of common
stock outstanding, including shares of common stock reserved for issuance under convertible securities. As of December 31, 2022, we have
reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the 2020 Plan, of which were subject to outstanding RSUs and 
shares were available for future grants of share-based awards. 

The cost of all share-based awards will be recognized
in the consolidated financial statements based on the fair value of the awards. The fair value of stock option awards will be determined
using the Black-Scholes valuation model on the date of grant. The fair value of restricted stock awards and RSUs will be equal to the
closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. The Company will generally recognize share-based compensation expense
over the period of vesting or period that services will be provided for all time-based awards. Share-based compensation expense for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was comprised of the following: 

General and administrative 

Total 

The following summarizes our transaction activity
related to RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, the total estimated
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs was approximately .
This cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of 
 years. As of December 31, 2022, 
 RSUs have vested under the 2020 Plan since its adoption. 

State 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred 

Total provision 

The reconciliation of the effective income tax
rate to the Federal statutory rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

State income tax rate, net of Federal effect 

Fair market value of derivative liability 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the
net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts
used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Accrued expenses 

Investment in affiliated company 

Basis difference in property and equipment 

Share-based compensation expense 

Impairment of note receivable 

Capitalized research and development expenses 

382 limited net operating loss carryforwards 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

We have federal and state net operating loss carryforwards
available to offset future taxable income of approximately and at December 31, 2022, respectively, of which approximately
 and , respectively, are subject to a limitation under IRS Section 382. Approximately of the federal net
operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely with subject to a limitation under IRS Section 382. The remaining 
of federal net operating losses will expire from . The state net operating losses will expire from . 

We follow authoritative guidance which defines
criteria that an individual tax position must meet for any part of the benefit of that position to be recognized in a company s
financial statements and also provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosure and transition. Interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in income tax expense.
Interest and penalties relating to underpayment of income taxes are recorded in general and administrative expense. As of December 31,
2022, we are subject to U.S. Federal income tax examinations for the tax years May 31, 2007 through December 31, 2021, and we are subject
to state and local income tax examinations for the tax years May 31, 2007 through December 31, 2021 due to the carryover of net operating
losses related to PDSG from previous years. 

We have no liability relating to unrecognized
tax benefits under the authoritative guidance for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Our continuing practice is to recognize accrued
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of tax expense. We do not expect our unrecognized tax benefits
to change significantly over the next twelve months. 

rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Employees are working from home offices at no cost
to the Company. 

, and , respectively, included in research
and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Pursuant to the consulting agreements, Dr. Steinmetz,
Dr. Pokorski, and Dr. Fiering are initially paid 15 of their monthly amounts up and until the Company is able to raise at least 4 million
in new funding. In exchange for the deferral of consulting payments, the Company agreed to grant each of the Related Parties RSU s
with a fair market value equal to 20 of their deferred cash compensation as of the closing date of the financing (the 20 Deferral ).
The number of RSU s to be granted will be calculated based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the closing
date of the financing and will vest one-year from the date of grant. There was no share-based compensation expense recorded for years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 pertaining to the 20 Deferral as the terms are unknown and are based on a future performance trigger.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have accrued and , respectively, in accrued consulting fees provided by the Related
Parties, which amounts are included in accrued consulting in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

In addition, on May 7, 2021, we entered into convertible
note purchase agreements with five (5) accredited investors, including three (3) members of our Board of Directors that participated on
the same terms as other accredited investors, in the aggregate principal amount of . Of such amount, the three members of our
Board of Directors invested in aggregate (see Note 7). 

Moreover, on February 18, 2022, we entered into
convertible note purchase agreements with sixteen (16) accredited investors, including five (5) members of our Board that participated
on the same terms as other accredited investors, in the aggregate principal amount of . Of such amount, the five (5) members of
our Board invested in aggregate (see Note 7). 

F- 24 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 mosaic_ex2101.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Jurisdiction 

Mosaic ImmunoEngineering Development Company 
 
 Patriot Data Solutions Group, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 mosaic_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
Registration Statement No. 333-254027 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-251261 on Form S-3 of our report dated March 2, 2023
(which includes an explanatory paragraph regarding Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. s ability to continue as a going concern), relating
to the consolidated financial statements of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ KMJ Corbin Company LLP 

Irvine, California 

 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mosaic_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Steven King, President and Chief Executive
Officer of the registrant, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed,
based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Steven King 

Steven King 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mosaic_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Paul Lytle, Chief Financial Officer of the
registrant, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed,
based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/Paul Lytle 

Paul Lytle 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mosaic_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2023 (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company does hereby
certify, pursuant to Title 18 of the United States Code Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Steven King 

Steven King 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and will be retained by Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This Certification is being furnished pursuant
to Rule 15(d) and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r),
or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This Certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any
filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mosaic_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2023 (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company does hereby
certify, pursuant to Title 18 of the United States Code Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Paul Lytle 

Paul Lytle 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and will be retained by Mosaic ImmunoEngineering, Inc. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This Certification is being furnished pursuant
to Rule 15(d) and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r),
or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This Certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any
filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cpmv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cpmv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cpmv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cpmv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

