<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_888981_0001553350-23-000229.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3272551</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151385</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>693292</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>809460</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>705876</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>833531</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-23-000229.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331110555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-23-000229
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOCOPI TECHNOLOGIES INC/MD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000888981
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAMES, TOYS & CHILDREN'S VEHICLES (NO DOLLS & BICYCLES) [3944]
		IRS NUMBER:				870406496
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20333
		FILM NUMBER:		23784621

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 SHOEMAKER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6108349600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 SHOEMAKER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-23-000229.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 nnup_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________________
to __________________________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code): 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934) Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022. 

As of March 13, 2023, there were 
shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value. 

Documents Incorporated By Reference 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement to be filed in conjunction with the registrant s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The proxy statement will be filed by the registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission
not later than 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 

Item 1B. 
 Unsolved Staff Comments 
 13 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 13 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 14 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 21 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 21 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 21 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 21 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 22 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 22 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about our plans, objectives,
expectations, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate, 
 estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, 
 we believe, we intend, may, should, will, could and
similar expressions denoting uncertainty or an action that may, will or is expected to occur in the future. These statements involve estimates,
assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future
results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

Examples of forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: 

Expected operating results, such as revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures 

Current or future volatility in market conditions 

Our belief that we have sufficient liquidity to fund our business operations during the next twelve months 

Strategy for customer retention, product development, market position, and risk management 

Forward-looking
statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations
and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy
and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks
and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial
condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these
forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those
indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following : 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our future financial and operational performance
will be dependent on many factors that we may not be able to predict because they continue to change and evolve depending on both national
and local circumstances, among them being government restrictions affecting our employees, customers and suppliers, changes in our revenues
due to lower customer demand as a result of the pandemic and a potential inability to obtain raw materials due to lower availability.
We continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our business but we cannot accurately predict the extent to which it will adversely affect
our future results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

The extent to which we are successful in gaining new long-term relationships with customers or retaining
significant existing customers and the level of service failures that could lead customers to use competitors' services. 

Strategic actions, including business acquisitions and our success in integrating
acquired businesses. 
 
 Our ability to improve our current credit rating with our vendors and the impact on our raw materials
and other costs and competitive position of doing so. 

The impact of losing our intellectual property protections or the loss in value of our intellectual property. 

Changes in customer demand. 

The adequacy of our cash flow and earnings and other conditions which may affect our ability to timely
service our debt obligations. 

The occurrence of hostilities, political instability or catastrophic events. 

D evelopments and changes in laws and regulations, including increased
regulation of our industry through legislative action and revised rules and standards. 

Security breaches, cybersecurity attacks and other significant disruptions in our information technology
systems. 

Such other factors as discussed throughout Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations in this report. 

Any
forward-looking statement made by us in this report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date
on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward looking statement, whether written or oral, that may
be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Background 

Nocopi
Technologies, Inc. develops and markets specialty reactive inks for multiple applications across various industries. Our specialty inks
are used by our customers for a range of purposes from bringing entertainment products to life with a variety of color activations to
providing document and brand authentication for security purposes aimed at reducing losses caused by fraudulent document reproduction
or by product counterfeiting and/or diversion. Our primary markets are the large educational and toy products industry and the document
and product authentication industry. We derive our revenues primarily from licensing our technologies on an exclusive or non-exclusive
basis to licensees who incorporate our technologies into their product offering and from selling products incorporating our technologies
to the licensees or to their licensed printers. 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references to the Company , we , our 
or us and other similar terms means Nocopi Technologies, Inc., a Maryland corporation. Our website address is www.nocopi.com .
Also, this report on Form 10-K includes the trade names of other companies. Unless specifically stated otherwise, the use or display by
us of such other parties' names and trade names in this report is not intended to and does not imply a relationship with, or endorsement
or sponsorship of us by, any of these other parties. 

Industry Overview and Market Trends 

 The
key ingredients to an ink are pigments, dyes, resins, surfactants, dryers, oils, solvents, water, waxes, and various other additives.
There are many different types of both printing processes and print applications, so the mixing or preparation of formulations for these
quantities widely vary. Pigments and dyes are the key ingredient that comprise the ink s color and are formulated from substances
with certain characteristics that make them suitable for use on printed products. 

 The
printing inks market is seeing a shift as companies transition from manufacturing petroleum-based printing inks to manufacturing environmentally
friendly, more sustainable printing inks. Green printing inks are based on sustainable materials such as soy and other plant-based
sources and do not contain the heavy metals or other dangerous and toxic substances that petroleum-based printing inks do; thus they do
not cause excessive pollution in the landfill. Examples of more environmentally friendly printing inks include water-based and oil-based
printing inks. The use of green printing inks also reduces emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOC) associated with
the printing process. 

 In
2022, the global printing ink industry consumed 3 billion tons of printing ink according to Smithers industry report The Future
of Water-based vs Solvent Printing to 2027 . Sales of water-based inks in 2022 topped 5 billion and sales of solvent inks totaled
 7.7 billion. The water-based printing inks market consists of sales of water-based printing inks and related services used for printing
on fabric and paper. Water-based printing inks are referred to as aqueous inks and are dye and pigment inks and can be segmented by type
into acrylic water-based inks, maleic water-based inks, and shellac water-based inks. 

 Our
Company does not produce commodity base pigments. Rather, we source various pigments, dyes and other raw materials for ink, and then
employ additional chemistry in formulating those materials into a highly engineered, specialty ink for a specific use. We are a specialty
ink formulator within the ink industry that custom formulates, tests, and produces specialty inks that best meet our customer s
product needs and color demands. Our customers demands appear to be shifting with the trend towards utilizing more green 
printing inks. In 2022, approximately 38 of our ink sales were green printing inks, compared to 34 in 2021. As the green 
printing ink market continues to grow, we expect to continue to transition towards manufacturing environmentally friendly, more sustainable
printing inks and away from manufacturing petroleum-based printing inks. We do not expect the green printing ink trend
to adversely affect any aspects of our operations. 

1 

Products and Technology 

We are
a niche formulator of specialty inks and our specialty ink portfolio is backed by years of research and development efforts, trade secrets,
and several patents we have been granted in the United States, Canada, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, France,
the United Kingdom, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and Liechtenstein. We currently
have patent protection on substantially all our of security inks including our Rub Reveal system and our Rub-It Color technology. 

Our goal
is to provide our customers with specialized ink formulations with rapid design, test and production capabilities. We aim to serve our
customers demand for unique product needs and security needs from our specialty inks through applying our industry knowledge, our technical
expertise, our raw material procurement leverage, our product breadth, and our manufacturing operations capabilities to deliver ink formulations
both domestically and internationally. We believe that our role in our customer s value chain remains an essential component of
their product offering as our customers continually rely upon supplier partners, such as our Company, that provide advanced solutions
to improve their products' appeal, marketability, differentiation, performance, and overall competitive advantage. 

We currently
serve end markets that include children entertainment and toy products and anti-counterfeiting, anti-diversion segments that include industrial
marking, security packaging for cosmetics and consumer products, and point of sales protection. We derive our revenues primarily from
product sales of our inks as well as from licensing and royalty fees of our technologies on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis to licensees
who incorporate our technologies into their product offering and from selling products incorporating our technologies to the licensees
or to their licensed printers. We are currently seeking to expand into other markets. 

Entertainment
and Toy Technologies and Products 

 Across
the Entertainment and Toy Products category, we market our Rub-it Color technology which consists of specialty inks that are produced
in a variety of colors and can be revealed by rubbing with a fingernail or other firm object such as a plastic pen cap. Rub-it Color
ink technology can be used for coloring books, activity kits, play sheets, single use place mats, greeting cards, board games, promotional
products, or any other paper-based application that s needs some fun factor added. Two key features of our Rub-it
 Color ink technology is that Safe and non-toxic, conforms to ASTM D4236 and F-963 and other toxicology tests. 

Our customers
in the Entertainment and Toy Technologies and Products category capitalize on our mess free and non-toxic features of our ink products.
Our patented, revolutionary, and award-winning Rub-it Color technology can be utilized across a variety of products and applications
needing some fun factor while still providing safe and non-toxic conditions that conform to ASTM D4236 and F-963 and other
toxicology tests. 

We license
our Rub-it Color technology through various license agreements that can be for an exclusive and non-exclusive uses. These agreements
cover both domestic and international geographies and can include specific distribution channels and specific lines of products and applications.
Historically our license agreements have ranged anywhere from two to four years, but can also vary depending on the customer, use, and
geography of the agreement. Certain of our license agreements with licensees contain renewal options and/or guaranteed minimum royalties,
while others do not. We cannot assure you that any of our existing licenses will be renewed or will generate significant operating revenues
for our Company in the future. In each of the years 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately 96 and 90 , respectively, of our total revenues
from our licensees and their licensed printers in the entertainment and toy products market. We continue to pursue additional licensing
opportunities for our Rub-it Color ink technology in the large worldwide entertainment and toy products market and we also seek
to renew our existing license agreements that are near expiration for extension terms. 

Anti-Counterfeiting
and Anti-Diversion Technologies and Products 

Continuing
developments in copying and printing technologies makes it easier than ever before to counterfeit a wide variety of documents. Counterfeit
products are increasingly problematic for consumers, governments, and corporations. According to The Organization for Economic Cooperation
and Development (OECD) data on counterfeiting and international trade, the total value of counterfeit and pirated goods was expected
to increase to approximately 3 trillion in 2022. Product labels and packaging, retail receipts, event and transportation tickets and
the like are all susceptible to counterfeiting, causing economic losses to manufacturers of brand name products. With improvements in
the copying and printing technologies making it easier to counterfeit labeling and packaging and increasing the losses to businesses from
such counterfeiting activities. 

2 

Our Copimark
and Rub Reveal technologies provide proprietary document authentication systems that are useful to businesses and brand owners desiring
to authenticate a wide variety of printed materials and products. Our Copimark system enables businesses to print invisibly on certain
areas of a document or packaging. When authentication of certain document or packaging is required, the invisible printing can be activated
or revealed by use of a special highlighter pen. Other variations of our Copimark technology involve multiple color responses from a common
pen, visible marks of one color that turn another color with the pen or visible and invisible marks that turn into a multicolored image.
Our Rub Reveal system permits the invisible printing of an authenticating symbol or code that can be revealed by rubbing a fingernail
over the printed area. 

Our technologies
provide users with the ability to authenticate documents and detect counterfeit documents. Applications include the authentication of
documents having intrinsic value, such as merchandise receipts, checks, travelers' checks, gift certificates and event tickets, and the
authentication of product labeling and packaging. When applied to product labels and packaging, our systems allow detection of counterfeit
products, the labels and packaging of which would not contain the authenticating marks invisibly printed on the packaging or labels of
the legitimate product. 

Our marketing
efforts for these technologies are focused on specific industries we believe may be affected by product counterfeiting. These technologies
also combat product diversion (i.e. sale of legitimate products through unauthorized distribution channels or in unauthorized markets).
Another of our related technologies, our invisible inkjet technology, permits manufacturers and distributors to track the movement of
products from production to ultimate consumption when coupled with proprietary software. The track and trace capability
provided by this technology is an attractive capability to brand owners. Our ink technology is also utilized in retail receipt and document
fraud markets through licensing arrangements with four printers and distributors in the United States and Canada who provide loss prevention
products to retailers and other outlets. We market these technologies through the use of licensed printers and distributors. 

Contrast
Technologies, formerly known as Euro-Nocopi, S.A., is a former affiliate of our Company that, since June 2003, has held a perpetual royalty-free
license to utilize certain of our anti-counterfeiting and anti-diversion technologies in Europe. 

Product Revenue 

The following table illustrates
the approximate percentage of our Company s total revenues accounted for by each type of its products for each of the two last fiscal
years: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Product Type 
 2022 
 2021 

Entertainment and Toy Technologies and Products 
 96 
 90 
 
 Anti-Counterfeiting and Anti-Diversion Technologies and Products 
 4 
 10 

Marketing 

Our current marketing efforts are
focused on commercializing our developed technologies across current and new geographic and market areas. We sell products through both
multiyear license agreements with our existing customers as well as direct sales to a range of end customers through the Company s
sales staff. We primarily use truck carriers and freight service providers to transport our products to customers from our manufacturing
facility. Our marketing approach utilizes our dynamic production capabilities of our products and technologies. 

Acquisition Strategy 

 Our growth strategy includes expanding
our business through acquisitions of other companies with competing or complementary services, technologies or businesses in order to
expand our product and service offerings to grow our free cash flow. We are currently actively engaged
in the process to identify acquisition candidates and negotiate transactions. A s of the date of this report on Form 10-K, we have
no agreements to make any acquisition. We expect to fund our business expansion through the issuance of debt or equity securities, the
payment of cash, the exchange of services, or any combination thereof. 

Major Customers 

During 2022, we made sales or obtained
revenues equal to 10 or more of our Company s 2022 total revenues from two non-affiliated customers who individually accounted
for approximately 66 and 19 , respectively, of 2022 revenues of our Company. During 2021, we made sales or obtained revenues equal to
10 or more of our Company s 2021 total revenues from two non-affiliated customers who individually accounted for approximately
27 and 48 , respectively, of 2021 revenues of our Company. 

Additional information concerning
our major customers is contained in Note 10 to our Financial Statements, attached as Appendix A to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3 

Manufacturing 

Our Company operates a manufacturing
facility located at our corporate headquarters at 480 Shoemaker Road, Suite 104, King of Prussia, Pennsylvania 19406. At this location,
we also have product development, sales, and administrative operations located adjacent to our production floor area. Our formulation
and production methodologies aim to consistently achieve the highest technical standards while simultaneously reaching fast lead times
of production and delivery for our customers. 

We have established a quality control
program that currently entails laboratory analysis of developed technologies; and when warranted, our specially trained technicians travel
to third party production facilities to train client staff and monitor the manufacturing process. We also strive to improve our production
efficiencies and data controls to target less material waste as well as attempt more sustainable sourcing of raw materials. 

Patents 

Our Company has been granted various
patents in the United States, Canada, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, France, the United Kingdom, Belgium,
the Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and Liechtenstein. Patents may exist for 20 years from filing
date and we actively monitor the marketplace to employ management processes designed to rigorously enforce our legal ownership of intellectual
property. We currently have patent protection on substantially all of our security inks including the RUB REVEAL system, and on
our Rub-it Color technology. Our latest patent protects our newly developed technology that may have applications in the entertainment
and toy products market. 

In the United States and some other
countries, patent applications are automatically published at a specified time after filing. Since we are obligated pay annuities from
time to time on our patents to keep them in force, we annually evaluate our patent portfolio to determine which patents we will continue
to maintain. In Europe, annuities for European patents are paid by Contrast Technologies, formerly known as Euro-Nocopi, S.A., since Europe
is where they hold a perpetual royalty-free license to exploit certain of our anti-counterfeiting and anti-diversion technologies. 

Research and Development 

Our research and development activities
are primarily focused on advancing our portfolio of ink technologies. We aim to successfully develop new chemistry formulations, new market-changing
technologies and new customer driven solutions. Our research and development efforts support our commercial development activities while
also attempting to improve our manufacturing operations. 

We are presently conducting research
and development activities in the following three areas: (1) refining our present product portfolio, (2) developing specific customer
applications, and (3) expanding our technology into new areas of implementation. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, we expended approximately 140,400 and 181,500, respectively, on research and development. We continue to focus our research
and development activities to develop and market additional new products and applications. 

Competition 

Nocopi Technologies competes in
the fragmented specialty ink industry which is highly competitive. Competition is based on several key criteria which include quality,
price, service, performance, product innovation, product recognition, speed, and delivery. Our competitors range from large, publicly
owned international companies with broad product offerings to local, privately held independent specialty producers offering a specific
market niche or product. Overall, many participants tend to offer a varied and broad array of product lines designed to meet specific
customer requirements. 

The ink industry has become increasingly
global as participants have focused on establishing and maintaining leadership positions outside of their home markets. Many of these
participant s product lines face increasing competition due to industry consolidation, pricing pressures and competing technologies.
Nonetheless, we believe our patented and proprietary technologies provide a unique and cost-effective solution for our customers. To improve
our competitive position, Nocopi Technologies is building and leveraging our corporate brand as a differentiator to create value and better
communicate our specialty production capabilities which we believe make it easier to introduce new product lines and applications to provide
scale to our operations and ultimately enable us to successfully compete in the market. 

4 

Employees and Human Capital 

We currently have eight full-time
employees and believe that we have good relations with our employees. 

We
are committed to providing a healthy environment and safe workplace by operating in accordance with established health and safety protocols
within our facility and maintaining a strong health and safety compliance program. We prioritize, manage, and carefully track safety performance
at our facility and integrate sound safety practices in every aspect of our operations. 

Regulation of our Business 

We are
subject to common business, tax and regulations pertaining to the operation of our business. We believe that we are in compliance with
all applicable governmental regulations. 

Financial Information about Foreign and Domestic Operations 

We conduct our business operations
solely within the United States; however, we have licensees and customers in Europe, South America, Asia and Australia. These licensees
and customers accounted for approximately 28 of our gross revenues in 2022 and approximately 58 of our gross revenues in 2021. Additional
information concerning our foreign and domestic operations is contained in Note 10 to our Financial Statements, attached as Appendix
A to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our Company s operating results,
financial condition and stock price are subject to certain risks, some of which are beyond its control. These risks could cause our Company s
actual operating and financial results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking statements, including the risks
described below and the risks identified in other documents which are filed and furnished with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

The novel
strain of coronavirus COVID-19 could have an adverse effect on our business operations . 

A novel strain of coronavirus,
COVID-19, that was first identified in Wuhan, China in December 2019 has surfaced in many countries around the world including the United
States. The World Health Organization has declared COVID-19 to constitute a global pandemic. Certain state and local governments reacted
by placing significant restrictions on businesses including a closure in Pennsylvania of non-essential businesses that was announced on
March 20, 2020. While many Pennsylvania businesses have been allowed to reopen, often at limited capacity and with certain restrictions,
as of the current date, there can be no assurances that future closures will be avoided. A requirement to close our Company for a considerable
period of time could result in a negative impact on our Company s financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, as
our Company imports certain raw materials from China, if an extended disruption of the supply of these raw materials were to occur, our
ability to produce products for sale to our customers could be negatively impacted. Further, restrictions on our customers and licensees
in areas affected by the COVID 19 could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We cannot predict the scope
or magnitude of the negative effect that may result from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s financial condition
and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant worldwide uncertainty, volatility and economic disruption. The
extent to which COVID-19 will negatively impact our results of operations, cash flow and financial position is dependent upon numerous
factors, many of which are highly uncertain, rapidly changing and uncontrollable. These factors include, but are not limited to: (i) the
duration and scope of the pandemic; (ii) governmental, business and individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in response
to the pandemic, including travel restrictions, quarantines, social distancing, work-from-home and shelter-in-place orders and shut-downs;
(iii) the impact on U.S. and global economies and the timing and rate of economic recovery; (iv) potential adverse effects on the financial
markets and access to capital; (v) potential goodwill or other impairment charges; and (vi) the ability of our licensees and other customers
to sell products that utilize or incorporate our technology. 

5 

We are dependent upon
major customers. 

We are
dependent on our licensees to develop new products and markets that will generate increases in its licensing and product revenues. The
inability of our licensees to maintain at least current levels of sales of products utilizing our technologies could adversely affect
our operating results and cash flow. To the extent that our licensees are adversely affected by negative economic conditions such as those
that may result from the present COVID 19 pandemic, our revenues may also be negatively impacted.
We derive a significant percentage of our revenues through licensing relationships with two major customers. Revenues obtained directly
from these customers and indirectly, through the customers third party licensed printers, equaled approximately 87 of our Company s
revenues in 2022. Receivables from these two licensees and their third party authorized printers were approximately 90 of our Company s
net accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. One of the license agreements expires in 2028 and contains guaranteed minimum royalties,
which historically are met. The other license agreement expires in 2027. Both license agreements contain renewal options; but there can
be no assurances that one or both of the licenses will continue in force at the same or more favorable terms beyond their current termination
dates, nor can there be any assurances that the relationships with these two licensees will generate increased revenues for our
Company in the future. 

We may be unable to develop new business . 

Our management believes that any
significant improvement in our Company s cash flow must result from increases in revenues from traditional sources and from new
revenue sources, potentially including acquired businesses. Our Company s ability to develop new revenues may depend on the extent
of its marketing activities, acquisition activities and its research and development activities, all of which are limited. We cannot assure
you that the resources that our Company can devote to marketing, finding suitable acquisitions and to research and development will be
sufficient to increase its revenues to levels that will enable it to maintain positive operating cash flow in the future. 

Our
inability to successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, assets, products or technologies could harm our operating results. 

 We
are actively evaluating business acquisitions that we believe could complement or expand our existing product and service offerings. From
time to time, we may enter into letters of intent with companies with which we are negotiating potential acquisitions or as to which we
are conducting due diligence. Although we are currently not a party to any binding definitive agreement with respect to potential business
acquisitions, we may enter into these types of arrangements in the future, which could materially decrease the amount of our available
cash or require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. We have limited experience in successfully acquiring and integrating businesses,
products and technologies. We may not be successful in negotiating the terms of any potential acquisition, conducting thorough due diligence,
financing the acquisition or effectively integrating the acquired business, product or technology into our existing business and operations.
Our due diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business, product
or technology, including issues related to intellectual property, product quality regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition
or other accounting practices, or employee or customer issues. We may encounter difficulties retaining key employees of the acquired
company or integrating diverse business cultures. 

 Additionally,
in connection with any business acquisitions we complete, we may not achieve the synergies or other benefits we expected to achieve, and
we may incur write-downs, impairment charges or unforeseen liabilities that could negatively affect our operating results or financial
position or could otherwise harm our business. If we finance acquisitions using existing cash, the reduction of our available cash could
cause us to face liquidity issues or cause other unanticipated problems in the future. If we finance acquisitions by issuing equity securities,
the ownership interest of our existing stockholders may be diluted, which could adversely affect the market price of our stock. Further,
contemplating or completing an acquisition and integrating an acquired business could divert management and employee time and resources
from other matters. 

6 

We may be unable to obtain raw materials and
products for resale. 

We use a large volume or raw materials.
From time to time, the Company is required to pay cash in advance of shipment to certain of its suppliers. The inability to obtain materials
on a timely basis and the possibility that certain vendors may permanently discontinue supplying our Company with needed products and
services may result in delayed shipments to customers and further impact our Company s ability to service its customers, thereby
adversely affecting our Company s relationships with its customers and licensees. We cannot assure you that our Company will be
able to maintain its vendor relationships in an acceptable manner. 

We may experience uneven patterns of quarterly
and annual operating results . 

Our Company s revenues, which
are derived primarily from licensing and sales of products incorporating its technologies as well as royalties from these products, are
difficult to forecast; such forecasting difficulty is due to, among other reasons, the long sales cycle of our Company s technologies,
the potential for customer delay or deferral of implementation of our Company s technologies, the size and timing of inception of
individual license agreements, the success of our Company s licensees and strategic partners in exploiting the market for the licensed
products, modifications of customer budgets, and uneven patterns of royalty revenue and product orders. As our revenue base is not substantial,
delays in the finalization of license contracts, the implementation of the technology to initiate the revenue stream and the ordering
decisions of customers can have a material adverse effect on our Company s quarterly and annual revenue expectations. As our operating
expenses are substantially fixed, income expectations will be subject to a similar adverse outcome. As licensees for the entertainment
and toy products markets are added, the predictability of our Company s revenue stream may be further impacted. 

Other important factors that could
cause our revenue and operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 

our ability to retain existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers requirements; 

general economic conditions; 

changes in our pricing policies; 

our ability to expand our business; 

our ability to successfully integrate our acquired businesses; 

new product and service introductions; 

technical difficulties or interruptions in our services; 

costs associated with future acquisitions of businesses; and 

extraordinary expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments. 

Some of these factors are not within our control,
and the occurrence of one or more of them may cause our operating results to vary widely. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of our revenue and operating results may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 

Our intellectual property rights may not be
fully protected . 

Our Company relies on a combination
of protections as may be available under applicable domestic, foreign or international patent, trademark and trade secret laws. We also
rely on confidentiality, non-analysis and licensing agreements to establish and protect our rights in its proprietary technologies. While
we attempt to protect these rights, our technologies may be compromised through reverse engineering, independent invention or other means.
In addition, our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights through appropriate legal action has been and will continue to be
limited by its tight liquidity. We cannot assure you that our Company will be able to protect the basis of its technologies from discovery
by third parties or to preclude third parties from conducting activities that infringe on our Company s rights. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to continue to prosecute new patents and maintain issued patents. As a result, our customer and licensee relationships
could be adversely affected, and the value of our technologies and intellectual property (including their value upon liquidation) could
be substantially diminished. 

7 

Our Company s revenue is susceptible to
changes in general economic conditions. 

Our Company s revenue
is susceptible to changes in general economic conditions. Our sales, liquidity and overall results of operations may be negatively affected
by decreasing consumer confidence, slowdowns in consumer spending or other downturns in the U.S. economy as a whole or in any geographic
markets from which we derive revenue. In addition, these factors may result in decreased customer and licensee demand for our products
and may negatively impact our ability to develop new customers and licensees. Due to uncertainties surrounding the worldwide economy,
particularly in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine war and the supply chain disruptions related to both, we are unable
to predict the effect of such conditions on our customers and licensees. Consequently, we cannot predict the scope or magnitude of the
negative effect resulting from ongoing global financial uncertainties or economic slowdowns. 

We are subject to regulatory
compliance related to our operations . 

We are
subject to various U.S. governmental regulations related to occupational safety and health, labor and business practices. Failure to comply
with current or future regulations could result in the imposition of substantial fines, suspension of production, alterations of our production
processes, cessation of operations, or other actions, which could harm our business. 

Certain financial instruments potentially subject
our Company to concentrations of credit risk. 

Certain financial instruments potentially
subject our Company to concentrations of credit risk. These financial instruments consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and accounts
receivable. At December 31, 2022, our Company s deposits and short-term investments with a financial institution were
 4,838,000 in excess of the FDIC deposit insurance coverage of 250,000. There is a concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts
receivable due to the number of major customers. 

We may incur liability
arising from the use of hazardous materials . 

Our business
and our facilities are subject to a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the generation, handling, treatment,
storage and disposal of certain toxic or hazardous materials and waste products that we use or generate in our operations. Many of these
environmental laws and regulations subject current or previous owners or occupiers of land to liability for the costs of investigation,
removal or remediation of hazardous materials. In addition, these laws and regulations typically impose liability regardless of whether
the owner or occupier knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of any hazardous materials and regardless of whether the actions that
led to the presence were taken in compliance with the law. In our business, we use hazardous materials that are stored on site. We use
various chemicals in our manufacturing process that may be toxic and covered by various environmental controls. An unaffiliated waste
hauler transports the waste created by use of these materials off-site. Many environmental laws and regulations require generators of
waste to take remedial actions at an off-site disposal location even if the disposal was conducted lawfully. The requirements of these
laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. Failure to comply with current or future
environmental laws and regulations could result in the imposition of substantial fines, suspension of production, alteration of our production
processes, cessation of operations or other actions, which could severely harm our business. 

We
may be unable to protect our information systems from cybersecurity attacks or incidents, or if our information systems are otherwise
disrupted . 

We depend
on information technology, including public websites and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business. If we do
not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain our information technology infrastructure, if we fail
to timely identify or appropriately respond to cybersecurity incidents, or if our information systems are damaged, destroyed or shut down
(whether as a result of natural disasters, fires (either directly or through smoke damage), power outages, acts of terrorism or other
catastrophic events, network outages, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, user errors, or from deliberate cyberattacks
such as malicious or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering, hackers or otherwise), our business
could be disrupted and we could be subject to: transaction errors; processing inefficiencies; the loss of, or failure to attract, new
customers; the loss of revenues from unauthorized use, acquisition or disclosure of or access to confidential information; the loss of
or damage to intellectual property or trade secrets, including the loss or unauthorized disclosure of sensitive data, confidential information
or other assets; damage to our reputation; litigation; regulatory enforcement actions; violation of data privacy, security or other laws
and regulations; and remediation costs. 

8 

We conduct significantly all of our business
and manufacturing activities at our King of Prussia, PA facility, and circumstances beyond our control may result in considerable business
interruptions . 

We conduct all of our operations
activities at our King of Prussia, PA facility. Our operations are vulnerable to interruption by fire, earthquake, floods or other natural
disaster, quarantines or other disruptions associated with infectious diseases, national catastrophe, terrorist activities, war, disruptions
in our computing and communications infrastructure due to power loss, telecommunications failure, human error, physical or electronic
security breaches and computer viruses, and other events beyond our control. We do not have a detailed disaster recovery plan. 

Changes in accounting
principles and guidance, or their interpretation, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, including changes to our
previously filed financial statements, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We prepare
our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed
to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations,
may have a significant effect on our reported results and retroactively affect previously reported results. 

We are a small public
company and the requirements of being a public company are a strain on our systems and resources, are a diversion to management s
attention, and are costly. 

As a public
company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act). The requirements of these
rules and regulations increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming
and costly and may also place strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

The Exchange
Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting. We are continuing the costly process of implementing and testing our systems to report our results as a public
company, to continue to manage our growth and to implement internal controls. We are and will continue to be required to implement and
maintain various other control and business systems related to our equity, finance, treasury, information technology, other recordkeeping
systems and other operations. As a result of this implementation and maintenance, management's attention may be diverted from other business
concerns, which could adversely affect our business. 

In addition,
changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies,
increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards
are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice
may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding
compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources
to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses
and a diversion of management's time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply
with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related
to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely
affected. 

We expect
these laws, rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to continue to obtain director and officer liability
insurance, and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain appropriate levels of coverage. These factors could also make
it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee,
and qualified executive officers. 

As a result
of being a public company, our business and financial condition is more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation,
including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be adversely
affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary
to resolve them, could divert the time and resources of our management and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

9 

As a smaller reporting
company that is not an accelerated filer, we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for investors
to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. 

As a smaller
reporting company that is not an accelerated filer we (i) are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings,
(ii) are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting
firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and (iii) have certain other decreased
disclosure obligations in our filings with the SEC, including being required to provide only two years of audited financial statements
in annual reports. Consequently, it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. 

If we fail to maintain
an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial
statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 

As a public
company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act). We expect that compliance
with these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities
more difficult, time consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually and the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. In particular, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (Section 404), requires us
to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on,
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our compliance with applicable provisions of Section 404 requires
that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management time on compliance-related issues as we implement additional
corporate governance practices and comply with reporting requirements. Moreover, if we are not able to comply with the requirements of
Section 404 applicable to us in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies
in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline
and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial
and management resources. Furthermore, investor perceptions of our Company may suffer if deficiencies are found, and this could cause
a decline in the market price of our stock. Irrespective of compliance with Section 404, any failure of our internal control over financial
reporting could have a material adverse effect on our stated operating results and harm our reputation. If we are unable to implement
these requirements effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting, or financial results. 

We may have undetected material weakness
in internal controls . 

Our annual
report does not include an attestation report of our Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our Company to provide only management s attestation
in this annual report. As a result, a material weakness in our internal controls may remain undetected for a longer period. 

Our common stock is
subject to volatility. 

We cannot
assure you that the market price for our common stock will remain at its current level, and a decrease in the market price could result
in substantial losses for investors. The market price of our common stock may be significantly affected by one or more of the following
factors: 

announcements or press releases relating to our industry or to our own business or prospects; 

regulatory, legislative, or other developments affecting us or our industry generally; 

sales by holders of restricted securities pursuant to effective registration statements or exemptions from registration; and 

market conditions specific to our Company, our industry and the stock market generally. 

10 

Future sales of
our shares could depress the market price of our common stock. 

The market price of our common
stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market or the perception that these sales
could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities
in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. Any disposition by any of our large shareholders of our common stock
in the public market, or the perception that such dispositions could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common
stock. 

We do not intend to
pay any cash dividends on our securities, so you will not be able to receive a return on your investment unless you sell your shares .

We intend
to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our securities. Unless we pay dividends, our security holders will not be able to receive a return on their securities unless they
sell them. 

There is a limited market for our common stock,
which may make it more difficult for you to sell your stock . 

Our Company s common stock
is quoted on the OTC Market (OTC Pink) under the symbol NNUP. The trading
market for our common stock is limited, accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop for
our common stock, your ability to sell our common stock, or the prices at which you may be able to sell our common stock. 

Our common stock may be subject to the penny
stock rules in the future. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified as penny stock. 

The SEC has adopted regulations
that generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to specific exemptions. While our common stock is not presently exempt from being considered a penny stock because
our net tangible assets exceed 2 million
and we have been in continuous operations for at least (3) years, if we are unable to continue to qualify for this exemption, or
any other available exemption from the definition of penny stock, our common stock will become a penny stock. 
These rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons
other than those who qualify as established customers or accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers
must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must also provide, prior
to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information
about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer
quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account, provide a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal remedies available to an investor
in penny stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above,
or other federal or states securities laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able
to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for damages. 

These requirements may have the
effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock
rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions
in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability
of broker-dealers to sell our common stock or our warrants and may affect your ability to resell our common stock and our warrants. 

Many brokerage firms will discourage
or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest in penny stocks. In addition, many
individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial risk generally associated with
these investments. 

11 

For these reasons, penny stocks
may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if ever, our common stock or will
not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny
stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), has adopted rules that require
that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable
for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative, low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must
make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other
information. The FINRA requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing
to make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares, as well as overall liquidity, of our common
stock. 

Provisions in the Company's
charter and bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition of the Company by a third party. 

The
Company's charter, bylaws and Maryland law contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire the Company
without the consent of our Board. Additionally, these provisions could lower the price that future investors might be willing to pay for
shares of our common stock. These anti-takeover provisions: 

authorize our board of directors to create and issue, without stockholder
approval, preferred stock, thereby increasing the number of outstanding shares, which can deter or prevent a takeover attempt; 

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise
allow less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; 

provide that any vacancy on the board of directors of the Company be filled
only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office even if remaining directors do not constitute a quorum; 

provide that our board of directors be divided into three classes, with
approximately one-third of the directors to be elected each year; 

provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend
or repeal our bylaws; 

provide that our directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast
in the election of directors; 

provide that the Company s stockholders may only remove any member of the Board by the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast by the stockholders generally in the election of directors and, such
removal is required to be for cause; and 

provide that the number of directors of the Company shall be fixed only by vote of the board of directors; 

Also,
under Maryland law, business combinations, including mergers, consolidations, share exchanges, or, in circumstances specified in the statute,
asset transfers or issuances or reclassifications of equity securities, between the Company and any interested stockholder, generally
defined as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the Company's common stock, or any affiliate of an
interested stockholder are prohibited for a five-year period, beginning on the most recent date such person became an interested stockholder.
After this period, a combination of this type must be approved by two super-majority stockholder votes, unless common stockholders receive
a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously
paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations
that are exempted by our Board prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. 

12 

Our bylaws designate
the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions, including derivative actions, which
could limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company and
its directors, officers, other employees, or the Company's stockholders and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 

Unless
the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland (the Maryland
Circuit Court (or, if the Maryland Circuit Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Maryland)
(the Exclusive Forum shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a)(i) any action asserting an Internal Corporate Claim,
as such term is defined in the MGCL (other than any action arising under federal securities laws), including, without limitation, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of the applicable standard of conduct or any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee
of the Company to the Company or to the stockholders of the Company or (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any
director or officer or other employee of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the Charter or these Bylaws, or (b)
any other action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company that is governed by
the internal affairs doctrine. Further, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, unless the Company consents in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district court for the District of Maryland (the Securities Act Exclusive
Forum shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act of 1933. 

Although
we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Maryland law for the specified
types of actions and proceedings, these provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it
finds favorable for disputes with the Company and its directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage lawsuits with respect
to such claims. 

Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our corporate headquarters,
research and ink production facilities are located at 480 Shoemaker Road, Suite 104, King of Prussia, Pennsylvania 19406. These premises
consist of approximately 6,100 square feet of leased space. Our lease commenced in January 2014 and expires in April 2024. Current monthly
rent under this lease is 4,595; this amount escalates an amount of approximately three percent each year. In addition to rent, we are
also responsible for our pro-rata share of the operating costs of the building. 

We incurred leasehold improvement
expenditures of approximately 58,400 through March 13, 2023, and we believe that additional leasehold improvement expenditures will not
be significant. We consider this space adequate for our current needs and additional space is available as needed. 

Item 3. Legal
Proceedings 

None. 

Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

13 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is traded
on the OTC Pink tier of the over-the-counter OTC market under the symbol NNUP . Investors can find Real-Time
quotes and market information on our Company on www.otcmarkets.com. A ny over-the-counter market
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Shareholders 

As
of March 13, 2023, we have a total of 9,251,178 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding, held of record by approximately 485 holders of our common
stock, including The Depository Trust Company, which holds shares of our common stock on behalf of an indeterminate number of beneficial
owners. 

Dividends 

Our Company does not pay any cash
dividends on its common stock. Our Business Loan Agreement with Santander Bank, N.A. restricts our ability to pay cash dividends on our
common stock and it will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Date 
 
 Security/Value 
 
 September 2022 
 
 Common Stock 2,500,000 shares of common stock issued at the price of 1.40 per share for total proceeds of 3,500,000 . 

No underwriters were utilized, and
no commissions or fees were paid with respect to the above transactions. We
relied on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, since the transactions did not involve any public
offering. 

Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6 .
 [Reserved] 

Not Applicable. 

Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The information in this report
contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this report are forward looking.
In particular, the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believes, estimates, 
 could, possibly, probably, anticipates, projects, expects, 
 may, will, or should or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that the
future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current
expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management s expectations. 

14 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, included herewith. This discussion should
not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached
herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment
of our management. 

Background Overview 

Nocopi
Technologies, Inc. develops and markets specialty reactive inks for multiple applications across various industries. Our specialty inks
are used by our customers for a range of purposes from bringing entertainment products to life with a variety of color activations to
providing document and brand authentication for security purposes aimed at reducing losses caused by fraudulent document reproduction
or by product counterfeiting and/or diversion. Our primary markets are the large educational and toy products industry and the document
and product authentication industry. We derive our revenues primarily from licensing our technologies on an exclusive or non-exclusive
basis to licensees who incorporate our technologies into their product offering and from selling products incorporating our technologies
to the licensees or to their licensed printers. 

Unless the context otherwise requires,
all references to the Company , we , our or us and other
similar terms means Nocopi Technologies, Inc., a Maryland corporation. 

Results of Operations 

Our Company s revenues are
derived from (a) royalties paid by licensees of our technologies, (b) fees for the provision of technical services to licensees and (c)
from the direct sale of (i) products incorporating our technologies, such as inks, security paper and pressure sensitive labels, and (ii)
equipment used to support the application of our technologies, such as ink-jet printing systems. Royalties consist of guaranteed minimum
royalties payable by our licensees in certain cases and additional royalties which typically vary with the licensee s sales or production
of products incorporating the licensed technology. Service fees and sales revenues vary directly with the number of units of service or
product provided. 

Our Company recognizes revenue on
its lines of business as follows: 

a. License fees for the use of our technology and royalties with guaranteed minimum amounts are recognized
at a point in time when the term begins; 

b. Product sales are recognized at the time of the transfer of goods to customers at an amount that our Company
expects to be entitled to in exchange for these goods, which is at the time of shipment; and 

c. Fees for technical services are recognized at the time of the transfer of services to customers at an
amount that our Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the services, which is when the service has been rendered. 

We believe that, as fixed cost reductions
beyond those we have achieved in recent years may not be achievable, our operating results are substantially dependent on revenue levels.
Because revenues derived from licenses and royalties carry a much higher gross profit margin than other revenues, operating results are
also substantially affected by changes in revenue mix. 

Both the absolute amount of
our Company s revenues and the mix among the various sources of revenue are subject to substantial fluctuation. We have a
relatively small number of substantial customers rather than a large number of small customers. Accordingly, changes in the revenue
received from a significant customer can have a substantial effect on our Company s total revenue, revenue mix and overall
financial performance. Such changes may result from a substantial customer s product development delays, engineering changes,
changes in product marketing strategies, production requirements and the like. We cannot predict whether inflation,
interest rate increases, geopolitical instability and COVID-19, will materially affect
our licensing fees or the demand for our products in 2023 and beyond. In addition, certain customers have, from time to time,
sought to renegotiate certain provisions of their license agreements and, when our Company agrees to revise such terms, revenues
from the customer may be affected. 

15 

Comparison of the Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues for 2022 were 4,627,200,
an increase of approximately 137 , or 2,675,300, from 1,951,900 in 2021. Revenues in 2022 included, in accordance with ASU 214-09, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ), revenue of 2,810,600 from three licensees representing the present value
of guaranteed royalty payments that will be payable over varying periods of two through five years that began in the second half of 2022
and terminate in the second quarter of 2028. The guaranteed royalty payments result from amendments to license agreements with two existing
licensees and a license agreement with a new licensee. Since the performance obligation is to grant
the licenses for the use of certain patented ink technology as it exists at the time that it is granted, the promise to grant the licenses
are performance obligations satisfied at a point in time in accordance with Topic 606. 

Licenses, royalties and fees increased
in 2022 by approximately 346 , or 2,803,100, to 3,613,000 from 809,900 in 2021. The increase in licenses, royalties and fees in 2022
compared to 2021 is due primarily to higher royalties from our Company s licensees in entertainment and toy products market including
 2,810,600 representing the present value of guaranteed royalty payments that will be payable over varying periods of two to five years
that began in the third quarter of 2022 as a result of amendments to license agreements with two licensees in the entertainment and toy
products market that provide for five year extensions to the license agreements beginning in October 2022 described above. Additionally,
our Company negotiated a license with a new licensee in the entertainment and toy products market commencing in October 2022 and terminating
in the fourth quarter of 2024. We cannot assure you that the marketing and product development activities of our Company s licensees
or other businesses in the entertainment and toy products market will produce a significant increase in revenues for our Company beyond
those achieved in 2022, nor can the timing of any potential revenue increases be predicted, particularly given the uncertain economic
conditions being experienced worldwide as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted all worldwide economies beginning
in early 2020. The products marketed by the Company s major licensees in the entertainment and toy products markets are produced
in China. Trans-Pacific ocean shipping was negatively affected by container shortages and port delays both in the United States and China
during 2022. 

Product and other sales decreased
by 127,800, or approximately 11 , to 1,014,200 in 2022 from 1,142,000 in 2021. The lower level of ink sales in 2022 compared to 2021
is due primarily to lower ink requirements of the third party authorized printers used by two of our Company s major licensees in
the entertainment and toy products market. Sales of ink to the licensed printers of its licensees in the entertainment and toy products
market were approximately 137,700 lower in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales of security ink in 2022 to our Company s licensees in the
retail receipt and document fraud market approximated 2021. 

Our Company derived 4,463,800,
or approximately 96 of total revenues, from licensees and their licensed printers in the entertainment and toy products market in 2022
compared to 1,758,200, or approximately 90 of total revenues, in 2021. The increase in revenues from our licensees and their authorized
printers in the entertainment and toy products market in 2022 compared to 2021 is due primarily to the higher guaranteed royalties in
accordance with Topic 606 resulting from a new license along with license extensions with two licensees in 2022. Our Company s licensees
in the entertainment and toy products market continue to develop new products for this market and improve their current offerings; however,
their sales will be affected by marketplace reaction to the new and improved products, economic conditions that influence this market
segment and the economy as a whole. Revenues that the Company derives from these licensees will be similarly affected. We cannot assure
you that the marketing and product development activities of licensees in the entertainment and toy products market will produce increased
revenues for the Company in future periods, nor can the timing of any potential revenue increases be predicted, particularly given the
uncertain economic conditions that continue to be experienced worldwide as a result of COVID-19 and its variants including the now dominant
XBB1.5 variant. 

Our Company s gross profit
increased to 3,899,500, or approximately 84 of revenues, in 2022 from 1,213,800, or approximately 62 , in 2021. The higher gross profit
in 2022 compared to 2021 results primarily from higher gross revenues from licenses, royalties and fees offset in part by lower product
and other sales in 2022 compared 2021. 

Licenses, royalties and fees
have historically carried a higher gross profit than product sales, which generally consist of supplies or other manufactured products
that incorporate the Company s technologies or equipment used to support the application of its technologies. These items (except
for inks which are manufactured by our Company) are generally purchased from third-party vendors and resold to the end-user or licensee
and carry a lower gross profit than licenses, royalties and fees. The higher gross profit in 2022 compared to 2021 reflects higher gross
revenues from licenses, royalties and fees offset in part by lower gross revenues from product and other sales in 2022 compared to 2021. 

16 

As the variable component of
cost of revenues related to licenses, royalties and fees is a low percentage of these revenues and the fixed component is not substantial,
period to period changes in revenues from licenses, royalties and fees can significantly affect both gross profit from licenses, royalties
and fees as well as overall gross profit. Due primarily to the higher revenues from licenses, royalties and fees in 2022 compared to 2021,
the gross profit from licenses, royalties and fees increased to approximately 95 of revenues from licenses, royalties and fees in 2022
from approximately 79 in 2021. 

The gross profit, expressed as a
percentage of revenues, of product and other sales is dependent on both the overall sales volumes of product and other sales and on the
mix of the specific goods produced and/or sold. The gross profit from product and other sales decreased to approximately 45 of revenues
in 2022 compared to approximately 50 of revenues 2021. The decrease in gross profit in 2022 compared to 2021 is due primarily to lower
ink shipments to the third party authorized printers used by two of our Company s major licensees in the entertainment and toy products
market. 

Research and development expenses
were 140,400 in 2022 compared to 181,500 in 2021. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 resulted primarily from lower employee related
expenses in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Sales and marketing expenses were
 494,500 in 2022 compared to 287,700 in 2021. The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 is due primarily to higher commission expense on
the high level of revenues in 2022 compared to 2021. 

General and administrative expenses
increased to 1,219,200 in 2022 from 719,400 in 2021. The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 is due primarily to significantly higher
legal, corporate relations and employee expenses in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Income taxes in 2022 resulted from
Federal income taxes on our Company s taxable income offset in part by the utilization of the remaining Federal net operating loss
carryforwards that existed prior to 2022 along with limitations placed on income tax net operating loss deductions by the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. 

Our net income of 1,813,100 in
2022 compared to net income of 49,400 in 2021 resulted primarily from a higher gross profit on a higher level of licenses, royalties
and fees offset in part by higher overhead expenses and income tax liabilities in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Our management does not believe
that inflation and changing prices have had a significant effect on our revenues and results of operations during the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Plan of Operation, Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our Company s cash increased
to 5,337,800 at December 31, 2022 from 1,846,700 at December 31, 2021. During 2022, our Company received 3,500,000
upon the sale of 2.5 million shares of its common stock pursuant to a private placement, used 8,100 in its operating activities and 800
for capital expenditures. 

Our Company s revenues increased
approximately 137 to 4,627,200 in 2022 from 1,951,900 in 2021 primarily as a result of higher licensing revenue from the Company s
licensees in the entertainment and toy products market. Our Company s gross profit increased approximately 221 to 3,899,500 in
2022 from 1,213,800 in 2021 primarily as a result of higher license fees from our licensees in the entertainment and toy products market. 

Our Company s total overhead
expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021, our Company s net interest income increased in 2022 compared to 2021 and our Company s
income tax expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021. As a result of these factors, our Company generated net income of 1,813,100 in
2022 compared to 49,400 in 2021. Our Company had negative operating cash flow of 8,100 in 2022. At December 31, 2022, our Company had
working capital of 6,421,800 and stockholders equity of 8,818,400. For the full year of 2021, our Company had net income of 49,400
and had positive operating cash flow of 512,700. At December 31, 2021, our Company had working capital of 3,197,500 and stockholders 
equity of 3,505,300. 

In November 2018, our Company negotiated
a 150,000 revolving line of credit Line of Credit with a bank to provide a source of working capital, if required. The
Line of Credit is secured by all the assets of our Company and bears interest at the bank s prime rate for a period of one year
and its prime rate plus 1.5 thereafter. The Line of Credit is subject to an annual review and quiet period. There have been no borrowings
under the Line of Credit since its inception. 

17 

We may need to obtain additional
capital in the future to further support the working capital requirements associated with our existing revenue base and to develop new
revenue sources. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in obtaining such additional capital, if needed. 

Our plan of operation for the twelve
months beginning with the date of this annual report consists of concentrating available human and financial resources to continue to
capitalize on the specific business relationships our Company has developed in the entertainment and toy products market. This includes
two licensees that have been marketing products incorporating the Company s technologies since 2012. These two licensees maintain
a significant presence in the entertainment and toy products market and are well known and highly regarded participants in this market.
We anticipate that these two licensees will expand their current offerings that incorporate our technologies and will introduce and market
new products that will incorporate our technologies available to them under their license agreements with our Company. We will continue
to develop various applications for these licensees. We also plan to expand our licensee base in the entertainment and toy market. We
currently have additional licensees marketing or developing products incorporating our technologies in certain geographic and niche markets
of the overall entertainment and toy products market. 

Our Company maintains its presence
in the retail loss prevention market and believes that revenue growth in this market can be achieved through increased security ink sales
to its licensees in this market. We will continue to adjust our production and technical staff as necessary and, subject to available
financial resources, invest in capital equipment needed to support potential growth in ink production requirements beyond our current
capacity. Additionally, we will pursue opportunities to market our current technologies in specific security and non-security markets.
There can be no assurances that these efforts will enable our Company to generate additional revenues and positive cash flow. 

Our Company has received, and
may in the future seek, additional capital in the form of debt, equity or both, to support our working capital requirements and to provide
funding for other business opportunities. Beyond the Line of Credit, we cannot assure you that if we require additional capital, that
we will be successful in obtaining such additional capital, or that such additional capital, if obtained, will enable our Company to generate
additional revenues and positive cash flow. 

As previously stated, we generate
a significant portion of our total revenues from licensees in the entertainment and toy products market. These licensees generally sell
their products through retail outlets. In the future, such sales may be adversely affected by changes in consumer spending that may occur
as a result of an uncertain economic environment in 2023 and beyond due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its effect on the global
economy, geopolitical instability including the Russia-Ukraine war and the supply chain disruptions related to both as well as the record
inflation, lower demand and significantly higher interest rates currently being experienced in the United States along with the probability
of an economic recession both in the United States and globally. As a result, our revenues, results of operations and liquidity may be
negatively impacted in future periods. 

Contractual Obligations 

We conduct our operations in
leased facilities under a non-cancelable operating lease expiring in 2024. Future minimum lease payments under this operating lease at
December 31, 2022 are: 56,200 2023 and 18,900 2024. Total rental expense under operating leases
was 53,300 in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were no recently adopted accounting standards that had a material effect on our Company s financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Not Yet Adopted 

In June 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments .
The amendments in this Update affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, and any other financial assets
that have the contractual right to receive cash. The ASU requires an entity to recognize expected credit losses rather than incurred losses
for financial assets. For public entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU No. 2019-10 extends the effective dates for two years for smaller reporting
companies and nonpublic companies. 

18 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40), Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. 
The amendments in this Update affect entities that issue convertible instruments and/or contracts in an entity s own equity. For
convertible instruments, the instruments primarily affected are those issued with beneficial conversion features or cash conversion features
because the accounting models for those specific features are removed. However, all entities that issue convertible instruments are affected
by the amendments to the disclosure requirements in this Update. For contracts in an entity s own equity, the contracts primarily
affected are freestanding instruments and embedded features that are accounted for as derivatives under the current guidance because of
failure to meet the settlement conditions of the derivatives scope exception related to certain requirements of the settlement assessment.
The Board simplified the settlement assessment by removing the requirements (1) to consider whether the contract would be settled in registered
shares, (2) to consider whether collateral is required to be posted, and (3) to assess shareholder rights. Those amendments also affect
the assessment of whether an embedded conversion feature in a convertible instrument qualifies for the derivatives scope exception. Additionally,
the amendments in this Update affect the diluted EPS calculation for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares and for convertible
instruments. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) filer, excluding entities eligible to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC, for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but
no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Board specified
that an entity should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of its annual fiscal year. The Board decided to allow entities to adopt the
guidance through either a modified retrospective method of transition or a fully retrospective method of transition. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not Applicable. 

Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our Financial Statements are
attached as Appendix A (following Exhibits) and included as part of this Form 10-K Report. A list of our Financial Statements is
provided in response to Item 15 of this Form 10-K Report. 

Item 9. Changes In And Disagreements With
Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered
by this report, our Company evaluated the effectiveness and design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. Our Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are the controls and other procedures that we designed to ensure that our Company records, processes,
summarizes, and reports in a timely manner the information that it must disclose in reports that our Company files with or submits to
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer reviewed and participated in this
evaluation. Based on this evaluation, our Company made the determination that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

19 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Our Company s internal control
over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of the assets of our Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of our Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of our Company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial
reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures.
In addition, the design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and controls
may become inadequate if conditions change. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our Company to provide only management s attestation
in this annual report. 

Changes in Company Internal Controls 

No change in our Company s
internal control over financial reporting occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Not Applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

20 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference from the information contained within our Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 11.
Executive Compensation 

The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference from the information contained within our Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference from the information contained within our Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference from the information contained within our Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference from the information contained within our Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

21 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial
Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following Audited Financial Statements are filed as part of this Form 10-K Report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Balance Sheets 

Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Statement of Stockholders Equity 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Financial Statements 

(b) 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report. 

See Exhibit Index. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

NOCOPI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 

Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 

/s/ Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt 

/s/ Jacqueline J. Goldman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Jacqueline J. Goldman 

/s/ Michael S. Liebowitz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Michael S. Liebowitz 

/s/ Marc Rash 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Marc Rash 

/s/ Joseph Raymond 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph Raymond 

/s/ Matthew C. Winger 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Matthew C. Winger 

23 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Nocopi Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Nocopi Technologies, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of comprehensive income,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ (PCAOB- 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2001. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

Nocopi Technologies,
Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable less allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventory 

Prepaid and other 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Fixed assets, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total fixed assets 

Other assets 

Long-term receivables 

Operating lease right of use building 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes 

Operating lease liability current 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Accrued expenses, non-current 

Operating lease liability non-current 

Total other liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity 

Series A preferred stock, par value, authorized shares, Issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, authorized shares, Issued and outstanding 2022 - shares; 2021 - shares 

Paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 3 

Nocopi Technologies,
Inc. 

 Statements of Comprehensive Income 

. 
 Years ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Licenses, royalties and fees 

Product and other sales 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Licenses, royalties and fees 

Product and other sales 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Net income from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest income 

Interest expense and bank charges 

Total other income (expenses) 

Net income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income 

Net income per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 4 

Nocopi Technologies,
Inc. 

 Statement of Stockholders Equity 

 For the Period January 1, 2021 through December
31, 2022 

Common stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance January 1, 2021 

Exercise of warrants 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Sales of common stock 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 5 

Nocopi Technologies,
Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Years ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net income adjusted for non-cash operating activities 

(Increase) decrease in assets 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid and other 

Long-term receivables 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes 

Total
 increase in operating capital 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Additions to fixed assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing Activities 

Issuance of common stock 

Exercise of warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Beginning of year 

End of year 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 6 

 NOCOPI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 

U.S. Treasury Bills 

Cash and
 cash equivalents 

The amortized cost and fair value of securities held
to maturity at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Due April 20, 2023 

Due July 13, 2023 

Due October 5, 2023 

Total 

in
excess of the FDIC deposit insurance coverage of . There is a concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable
due to the number of major customers. 

from three licensees representing the present value of fixed guaranteed royalty payments that will be payable
over varying periods of two through five years that commenced in the second half of 2022 and terminate in the second quarter of 2028.
The fixed guaranteed royalty payments result from amendments to license agreements with two existing licensees and a license agreement
with a new licensee. The receivable represents the present value of the fixed minimum annual payments due under the license agreements,
discounted at the Company's incremental borrowing rate of . 

The three agreements grant licenses for the use of
certain patented ink technology as it exists at the time that it is granted which is considered functional intellectual property. Under
Topic 606, a performance obligation to transfer a license for functional intellectual property is satisfied at a point in time and the
fixed consideration could be recognized upfront when the Company transfers control of the licensee if certain criteria are met. Specifically,
the minimum royalty guarantee could be recognized upfront if the following conditions are met: 

The royalty payment is fixed
or determinable 

Collection of the royalty payment
is considered probable 

The licensee has the ability
to benefit from the licensed technology 

The Company determined that the above conditions were
met upon execution of the agreements and recognized of royalty revenue net of imputed interest of . The Company also
recognized of commission expense related to the three license agreements, which is reflected in selling expense on the statement
of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The commissions are payable over the term of the agreements and are due
when payments are received by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the accrued commission payable balance was . 

The current portion of the three new license agreements
and one license agreement entered into in prior years, in the amount of and , is included in accounts receivable on the
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The following table summarizes the future minimum
payments due under the three new license agreements as of December 31, 2022: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

The Company has evaluated the collectibility of the
long-term receivables and believes them to be fully collectible as of December 31, 2022. However, there can be no assurance that the receivables
will not be impaired in the future due to changes in the licensees financial condition or other factors. 

The long-term receivables are recorded at its present
value as of December 31, 2022, and will be amortized over the term of the license agreements using the effective interest method. The
unamortized balance of the receivables as of December 31, 2022 is . 

The Company has also considered the potential impact
of changes in interest rates on the present value of the three new receivables. A hypothetical increase or decrease in the incremental
borrowing rate would result in an approximate increase or decrease in the present value of the receivables as of December 31, 2022. 

revolving line of credit with a bank to provide a source of working capital, if required. . The
line of credit is subject to an annual review and quiet period. There have been no borrowings under the line of credit since its inception. 

(1:10) reverse stock split of our Company s common stock, par value 0.01
per share. The August 25, 2022 Articles of Amendment become effective as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on September 2, 2022 (the
 Effective Time ). At the Effective Time, every ten shares of common stock of our Company that were issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time were changed into one issued and outstanding share of common stock of our Company. The
reverse stock split did not affect any stockholder s ownership percentage of our Company s shares, except to the limited extent
that the reverse stock split resulted in any stockholder owning a fractional share. No
fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split. Each stockholder who would otherwise have been entitled to receive
a fraction of a share of our Company s common stock instead received one whole share of common stock. There was no change
to the number of authorized shares or the par value per share. Share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect
the one-for-ten reverse stock split on September 2, 2022. 

On August 1, 2022 our Company entered into a stock
purchase agreement in connection with a private placement for total gross proceeds of million. The stock purchase agreement provided
for the issuance of an aggregate of shares of our Company s common stock to two investors at a purchase price of 
per share, as adjusted for our Company s one for-ten (1:10) reverse stock split of our Company s common stock, par value
 0.01 per share. To enable the private placement transaction, our Company s Board of Directors
approved a 1-for-10 (1:10) reverse stock split of its common stock that was effective on September 2, 2022. On
September 13, 2022, the sale pursuant to the stock purchase agreement closed. No placement
fees or commissions were paid in connection with this transaction. 

During the second quarter of 2021, holders of the
remaining warrants that had been outstanding exercised their options to purchase a total of shares of our Company s
common stock at per share. The warrants were granted in 2014 to two individuals who acquired convertible debentures from the Company
in 2014. The warrants were exercisable two years after issuance and expire seven years after issuance. The fair value of the warrants
was determined using the Black Scholes pricing model. The relative fair value of the warrants was recorded as a discount to the notes
payable with an offsetting credit to additional paid-in capital since our Company determined that the warrants were an equity instrument
in accordance with FASB ASC 815. The debt discount related to the warrant issuances was accreted through interest expense over
the term of the notes payable. At December 31, 2022, our Company had no warrants outstanding. 

after utilization of the federal net operating loss (NOL s) carryforwards of approximately 
that were available at December 31, 2021 to offset future taxable income. There was no provision for federal income taxes for
the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the availability of NOL s. State income taxes in 2022 resulted from limitations placed on
income tax net operating loss deductions by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our
Company had state NOL s approximating and , respectively; however, if not utilized, they expire in varying
amounts through the year 2032. The utilization of these NOL s to reduce future income taxes will depend on the generation of sufficient
taxable income prior to their expiration. There were no material temporary differences for the years ended December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021. Our Company has established a 100 valuation allowance of and at December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, respectively, for the deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of their realization. The components
for federal and state income tax expense are: 

Current state taxes 

The reconciliation of the statutory federal rate to our Company s
effective tax rate follows: 

State tax net of federal tax effect 

Other 

Increase in (utilization of operating losses 

The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Deferred tax liability - other 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liability 

Our Company follows FASB
ASC 740.10, which provides guidance for the recognition and measurement of certain tax positions in an enterprise s financial statements.
Recognition involves a determination of whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination with
the presumption that the tax position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. 

Our Company s policy
is to record interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income taxes in the statement of comprehensive
income. As of January 1, 2022, our Company had unrecognized tax benefits and charge during 2022, and accordingly, our Company did
not recognize any interest or penalties during 2022 related to unrecognized tax benefits. There is accrual for uncertain tax positions
as of December 31, 2022. 

Tax years from 2020 through 2022 remain subject
to examination by U.S. federal and state tax jurisdictions. 

with cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated deficit. 

There are no other material operating leases.
Our Company has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from short-term leases. 

Total lease expense under operating leases was 
in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Maturities of lease liabilities are as follows: 

2024 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

Our Company has an employment
agreement, expiring in May 2024, with Michael A. Feinstein, M.D., its Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
The employment agreement contains one-year renewal provisions that became effective after the original term. Dr. Feinstein receives base
compensation of per year effective January 1, 2020 plus a performance bonus determined by our Company s Board of Directors.
Our Company has an employment agreement, expiring in March 2024, with Terry W. Stovold, its Chief Operating Officer, whereby
Mr. Stovold receives a salary set by our Company s Board of Directors, currently set at , along with a commission of
seven percent on sales generated by his efforts. The employment agreement contains one-year renewal provisions that became effective after
the original term. Our Company has an employment agreement, expiring in September 2024, with Matthew C. Winger, its Executive
Vice President of Corporate Development , whereby Mr. Winger receives a salary set by
our Company s Board of Directors, currently set at per year effective October 1, 2022 plus a performance bonus determined
by our Company s Board of Directors. The employment agreement contains two-year renewal provisions that become effective after the
original term. Future minimum compensation payments under these employment agreements are: 320,000 to be paid in 2023 and 162,500 to
be paid in 2024. 

From time to time, our Company may be subject to legal
proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business. 

compensation expense recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and there was 
unrecognized portion of expense at December 31, 2022. 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our Company
had outstanding warrants to purchase common stock of our Company. A summary of warrant activity follows: 

Warrants exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Our Company sponsors a 401(k) savings plan, covering
substantially all employees, providing for employee and employer contributions. Employer contributions are made at the discretion of our
Company. There were contributions charged to expense during 2022 or 2021. 

Customer B 

Our Company s non-affiliate customers whose
individual balances amounted to more than 10 of our Company s net accounts receivable, expressed as a percentage of net accounts
receivable, were: 

Customer B 

Our Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of
its customers and generally does not require collateral. Our Company also maintains allowances for potential credit losses. The loss of
a major customer could have a material adverse effect on our Company s business operations and financial condition. Our Company s
revenues by geographic region are as follows: 

South America 

Europe 

Asia 

Australia 

F- 13 

Exhibit Index 

The following Exhibits are filed as part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2008 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment - Filed August 25, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed on 08/25/22 
 
 3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, Dated January 28, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles Supplementary relating to Nocopi Technologies, Inc. s election to be subject to Sections 3-803, 3-804(a), 3-804(b) and 3-804(c) of the Maryland General Corporation Law 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2021 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Certificate of Common Stock 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on April 7, 2006 
 
 4.2 

Registration
 Rights Agreement Dated August 1, 2022 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on 08/05/22 
 
 4.3 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 10.1 
 
 Amended Summary Plan Description for Nocopi Technologies, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on April 15, 1999 
 
 10.2 
 
 Director Indemnification Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed on November 15, 1999 
 
 10.3 
 
 Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed on November 15, 1999 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement with Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement Amendment - Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2019 
 
 10.6 
 
 Employee Agreement dated September 29, 2022 - Matthew C. Winger 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on 09/30/22 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amended Summary Plan Description for Nocopi Technologies, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2010 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement with Terry W. Stovold 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2012 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Convertible Debenture Purchase Agreement and Exhibits 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 11, 2015 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement re: Convertible Debenture Purchase Agreement Election 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2019 

10.11 
 
 Lease Agreement dated December 12, 2013 relating to premises at 480 Shoemaker Road, King of Prussia, PA 19406 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 11, 2015 
 
 10.12 
 
 Lease Extension Agreement dated September 28, 2018 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2019 
 
 10.13 
 
 Business Loan Agreement, Promissory Note and Commercial Security Agreement dated November 28, 2018 between the Company and Santander Bank 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2019 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement re: Convertible Debenture Purchase Agreement Election 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2019 
 
 10.15 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement - Dated August 1, 2022 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on 08/05/22 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on March 31, 2005 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 99.1 
 
 Second Amendment to Nomination and Standstill Agreement dated September 30, 2022, between the Company and MSL 18 HOLDINGS LLC, Michael S. Liebowitz and Matthew C. Winger 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on 09/30/22 
 
 99.2 
 
 First Amendment to Nomination and Standstill Agreement dated May 23, 2022, between the Company and MSL 18 HOLDINGS LLC, Michael S. Liebowitz and Matthew C. Winger 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on 05/24/22 
 
 99.3 
 
 Nomination and Standstill Agreement dated March 29, 2022, between the Company and MSL 18 HOLDINGS LLC, Michael S. Liebowitz and Matthew C. Winger 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on 03/29/22 
 
 99.4 
 
 Standstill Agreement dated May 23, 2022, between the Company and Howard Timothy Eriksen, Cedar Creek Partners, LLC and Eriksen Capital Management LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 05/24/22 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Compensation plans and arrangements for executives
and others. 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 nnup_ex4z3.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

EXHIBIT 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Nocopi Technologies, Inc. (the Company 
or we or our has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
our common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the common stock ). 

Description of Common Stock 

The following description of our
common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the articles of incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the bylaws ),
each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage
you to read our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL for additional information. 

Authorized Share Capital. The
Company s authorized capital stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share and 300,000 shares of
series A preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share. 

Voting . Holders of our common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. There is no cumulative voting
with respect to the election of directors. 

Dividend Rights . Holders
of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available
for this purpose. 

Liquidation Preferences .
In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive on a proportional basis
any assets remaining available for distribution after payment of our liabilities. 

Other Terms . Holders of common
stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to
the common stock. All outstanding shares of the common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Certain of our charter and bylaw,
statutory and contractual provisions could make the removal of our management and directors more difficult and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock. Furthermore, the existence of the
foregoing provisions, as well as the significant common stock beneficially owned by our executive officers, and certain members of our
board of directors, could lower the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could
also deter potential acquirers of our Company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock
in an acquisition. 

Charter and Bylaw Provisions 

The Company's
charter and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire the Company without the consent of
our Board. Additionally, these provisions could lower the price that future investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common
stock. These anti-takeover provisions: 

authorize our board of directors to create and issue, without stockholder
approval, preferred stock, thereby increasing the number of outstanding shares, which can deter or prevent a takeover attempt; 

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise
allow less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; 

provide that any vacancy on the board of directors of the Company be filled
only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office even if remaining directors do not constitute a quorum; 

provide that our board of directors be divided into three classes, with
approximately one-third of the directors to be elected each year; 

provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend
or repeal our bylaws; 

provide that our directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast
in the election of directors; 

provide that the Company s stockholders may only remove any member of the Board by the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast by the stockholders generally in the election of directors and, such
removal is required to be for cause; and 

provide that the number of directors of the Company shall be fixed only by vote of the board of directors; 

These provisions could lower the price that future
investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock. 

Maryland Law 

 Business
Combination and Fair Price Statute 

Under
the MGCL, certain business combinations between a Maryland corporation that has 100 or more beneficial owners of its common
stock, and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most
recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. 

An
interested stockholder is: 

Any person (other than the corporation or any subsidiary)
who beneficially owns 10 percent or more of the voting power of the corporation's outstanding voting stock after the date on which the
corporation had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock. 

An affiliate or associate of the corporation
who, at any time within the two-year period immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 percent or more of
the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation. 

After
the five-year period, the business combination generally must be recommended by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative
vote of at least 80 percent of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and two-thirds
of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation (other than shares held by the interested stockholder).
This is not required if: 

The corporation's common stockholders receive a
minimum price (as defined in the statute) for their shares. 

The consideration is received in cash or in the
same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 

A
person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors of the corporation approved in advance the transaction
by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. The statute also permits various exemptions from its provisions,
including for business combinations that are approved or exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder
becomes an interested stockholder. 

Control
Share Acquisitions 

Holders
of control shares of a Maryland corporation that has 100 or more beneficial owners of its common stock acquired in a control
share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled
to be cast on the matter, excluding votes cast by: 

The person who makes or proposes to make a control
share acquisition. 

An officer of the corporation. 

An employee of the corporation who is also a director
of the corporation. 

Control
shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock previously acquired or directly controlled by the
stockholder, would entitle the stockholder to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting
power: 

One-tenth or more but less than one-third. 

One-third or more but less than a majority. 

A majority or more of all voting power. 

Control
shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval.
A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 

A
person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, on satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to
pay expenses and delivering an acquiring person statement), may compel the board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders
to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation
may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 

If
voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement, then, subject
to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights
have previously been approved) for fair value. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer
becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares
as determined for appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 

The
control share acquisition statute does not apply to, among other things: 

Shares acquired in a merger, consolidation, or
statutory share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction. 

Newly issued shares acquired directly from the
corporation. 

Acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter
or bylaws of the corporation. 

Subtitle
8 

Under
Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, a public corporation with a class of equity securities registered under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and at least three independent directors can elect to be subject to any or all of following takeover
defense provisions: 

The corporation's board of directors will be divided
into three classes. 

The affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of
all the votes entitled to be cast by stockholders generally in the election of directors is required to remove a director. 

The number of directors may be fixed only by vote
of the board of directors. 

A vacancy on the board may be filled only by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office. 

The directors elected to fill a vacancy will serve
for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 

The request of stockholders entitled to cast at
least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting is required for stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders. 

The
charter of a corporation may contain a provision or the board of directors may adopt a resolution that prohibits the corporation from
electing to be subject to any or all of the provisions of Subtitle 8. 

 Constituency
Provision 

A
corporation may specify in its charter that the board of directors can consider the effect of the potential acquisition of control on: 

Stockholders. 

Employees. 

Suppliers, customers, and creditors of the corporation. 

The communities in which offices of the corporation
are located. 

Contractual Provisions 

The terms of change of control provisions
contained in our president chief executive officer s employee agreement may discourage
a change in control of our Company. 

Our board of directors also has
the power to adopt a stockholder rights plan that could delay or prevent a change in control of our Company even if the change in control
is generally beneficial to our stockholders. These plans, sometimes called poison pills, are oftentimes criticized by institutional
investors or their advisors and could affect our rating by such investors or advisors. If our board of directors adopts such a plan, it
might have the effect of reducing the price that new investors are willing to pay for shares of our common stock. 

Together, these charter, statutory
and contractual provisions could make the removal of our management and directors more difficult and may discourage transactions that
otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock. Furthermore, the existence of the foregoing
provisions, as well as the significant common stock beneficially owned by our executive officers and certain members of our board of directors,
could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential
acquirers of our Company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 

Preferred Stock 

The common stock is subject to the
express terms of the Company s preferred stock and any series thereof. The board of directors may issue preferred stock with voting,
dividend, liquidation and other rights that could adversely affect the relative rights of the holders of the common stock. 

Listing 

Our shares of common stock
are traded on the OTC Pink tier of the over-the-counter market under the symbol NNUP . 

Transfer Agent 

Our transfer agent is American Stock
Transfer Trust Company, LLC, 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 nnup_ex21z1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF NOCOPI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF NOCOPI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 nnup_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 I, Michael A. Feinstein, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of Nocopi
Technologies, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nocopi Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

 /s/ Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 

 Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 nnup_ex31z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 I, Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Nocopi Technologies, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nocopi Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

 /s/ Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt 

 Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt 

 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 nnup_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Nocopi Technologies, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Michael A. Feinstein, M.D., Chief Executive Officer, and Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that; 

 (1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

 March 31, 2023 

 /s/ Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 

 Michael A. Feinstein, M.D. 

/s/ Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt 

 Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nnup-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nnup-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nnup-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nnup-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

